<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Love in the Time of Black Tide#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 5000407
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Love in the Time of Black Tide.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Amphoreus Annals
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aelius; Aphrea; Aristocrat Retainer; Chartonus; Kyros; Nympha; Theodoros; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*10; Condensed Aether*2; Letters with Nympha*1 { text = Letters With Nympha }; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Love in the Time of Black Tide''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]] in the chapter [[Amphoreus Annals]].

==Steps==
# Head to the rooftop to join the fun
# Listen to Aelius' troubles
# Receive the bad news with Aelius
# Ask Chartonus about Nympha's whereabouts
# Ask Kyros about Nympha's whereabouts
# Ask Theodoros about Nympha's whereabouts
# Go to the Marmoreal Palace and look for Nympha
# Rewind to the past and find where Nympha was imprisoned
# Witness Aelius' revelation
# Return to the market and find Nympha
# Head to the Dromas Workshop and bid farewell to these two

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Head to the rooftop to join the fun{{subst:void|<!--500040701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|"Love should be soft whispers that none but the sky can hear." You accidentally run into a secret rendezvous between two lovers, but their conversation doesn't seem happy...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Listen
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
:{{tx}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to Aelius' troubles{{subst:void|<!--500040702-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Aelius)
:{{tx}}
:'''Aelius:''' Nympha...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you just standing there for? Go after her!
::'''Aelius:''' Oh... I wish it were that simple...
::You're a scumbag for playing around with her feelings!
::'''Aelius:''' Huh? You don't know a thing about us. If only the problem were with our relationship...
::We're here now, so I'll just listen...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're a scumbag for playing around with her feelings!
::'''Aelius:''' Huh? You don't know a thing about us. If only the problem were with our relationship...
::We're here now, so I'll just listen...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're here now, so I'll just listen...
:'''Aelius:''' Hey, thank you for sharing all this with me...
:'''Aelius:''' Y'know, I come from a completely different class to Nympha... I'm a descendant of a Kremnos general, and she comes from one of the most powerful and long-lasting noble families in Okhema history.
:'''Aelius:''' During the Chrysos War, our families fought against each other on the battlefield as each represented the banner of their own city. Plenty of members from both families were slain by the other city in the fighting.
:'''Aelius:''' And even though the Chrysos War has long finished, even though the Kremnoan Detachment has made peace with Okhema, and even though my family was wiped out with the fall of the old king's rule &mdash; none of this animosity has disappeared...
:'''Aelius:''' The first night I arrived in Okhema alongside Lord Mydei, an assassin made an attempt on my life. I was just a child back then... Lord Mydei lodged a complaint with the Council of Elders, and they reluctantly put a stop to things.
:'''Aelius:''' Burdened by these familial tragedies, we are clearly the most star-crossed of lovers &mdash; and yet we are tied together by the golden thread. This must be Mnestia's marvelous miracle! Praise be to Mnestia!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what were you arguing about today, then?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you so afraid of? Be up front and open with them!
::'''Aelius:''' *sigh* That's precisely what we were arguing about today...
::You want to show off your love, right?
::'''Aelius:''' Huh, this next part is really annoying...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You want to show off your love, right?
::'''Aelius:''' Huh, this next part is really annoying...
:'''Aelius:''' We've been sneaking off a lot lately, but Nympha's parents seem to be onto us and have started sending spies to secretly tail her &mdash; or assigning a personal escort to her.
:'''Aelius:''' Nympha proposed a plan that I don't agree with: Publicize our relationship, then flee outside Okhema and use public opinion to pressure her parents, only returning once they've agreed to our marriage...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Great idea!
::'''Aelius:''' There is a certain cleverness to it. Only by forcing us into a desperate situation can her parents seem in the wrong. However, I'm most worried about our personal safety outside the city...
::But it's dangerous outside the city...
::'''Aelius:''' *sigh* She said that only by forcing us into a desperate situation could her parents be painted as the bad guys. However, my greatest concern is our personal safety...
::What if her parents don't even care...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But it's dangerous outside the city...
::'''Aelius:''' *sigh* She said that only by forcing us into a desperate situation could her parents be painted as the bad guys. However, my greatest concern is our personal safety...
::What if her parents don't even care...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if her parents don't even care...
:'''Aelius:''' There is a certain cleverness to this plan. Only by forcing us into a desperate situation can her parents seem in the wrong. However, I'm most worried about our personal safety outside the city...
:'''Aelius:''' As Nympha's partner, my duty is to protect her rather than merely just love her. All those wandering monsters surround the city... I'm worried that I won't be able to protect her by myself.
:{{tx}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Receive the bad news with Aelius{{subst:void|<!--500040703-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Aphrea:''' Aelius! I knew you'd be here. Something terrible has happened.
:'''Aelius:''' Miss Aphrea, what's going on?
:'''Aphrea:''' Just now, in the market... Miss Nympha's parents sent goons to kidnap her and carry her off.
:'''Aelius:''' That means...!
:'''Aphrea:''' Her parents already know about your affair!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's come to this. What's your plan from here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It can no longer be kept a secret.
:'''Aelius:''' I never expected them to actually take such tough measures against their own daughter... Miss Aphrea, do you have any idea where they may have taken Nympha?
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Chartonus about Nympha's whereabouts{{subst:void|<!--500040704-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Times of trouble are what friends are for! Aelius decides to ask the helpful shopkeepers in the market, in the hopes of piecing together a clue from the fragmentary information they can offer.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chartonus)
:'''Chartonus:''' What do you need, warrior of the outlands?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nympha. Got any clues about her?
:'''Chartonus:''' Nympha, I'm so sorry. There was a lot, going on, and she was really upset.
:'''Chartonus:''' There was something weird... Chains... Nympha's butler, last week, ordered some chains.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps they were for tying her up?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You Okhemans really know how to play hardball...
:'''Aelius:''' I've got a bad feeling about this, too... Chartonus, did they tell you where this stuff was going?
:'''Chartonus:''' They came by, picked it up, already gone. Really weird. In the past, always delivered things, to their house.
:'''Aelius:''' I see... If her family puts in any more orders with you, please let me know, my friend.
:'''Aelius:''' Go and ask Chartonus at the blacksmith shop. Maybe Nympha mentioned something to him before.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Kyros about Nympha's whereabouts{{subst:void|<!--500040705-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Kyros)
:'''Kyros:''' What would you like to eat? Local specialties? Or perhaps something more outlandish that has been lost to time?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nympha. Got any clues about her?
:'''Kyros:''' It's so disturbing. Nympha did not want to go at all, but was carried off by eight of their guards. I'm so sorry that we couldn't stop them...
:'''Kyros:''' Let me see... Several days back, the kitchen staff for Nympha's family placed a massive food order with me, including several expensive delicacies.
:'''Kyros:''' It's the kind of order that you normally only see at wedding banquets... So is Nympha getting married!?
:Standing off to one side, Aelius can barely stay on his feet. He nearly drops to his knees &mdash; but luckily you're there to catch him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aelius, be strong.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She didn't even invite you.
:'''Aelius:''' So Nympha... has been lying to me all along...? I'm just some boy toy from the outlands to her...
:'''Kyros:''' Pull yourself together! There's more chance of the Dawn Device never lighting up again than Nympha not loving you!
:'''Kyros:''' The delivery's scheduled for... tomorrow. No matter what kind of banquet it is, you two must find Nympha before it begins.
:'''Aelius:''' Then, try asking the restaurant owner Kyros. He knows all about what goes on in the market.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Theodoros about Nympha's whereabouts{{subst:void|<!--500040706-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Theodoros)
:'''Theodoros:''' Hand-painted pots and ancient artifacts, all at reasonable prices. Feel free to take a look around.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nympha. Got any clues about her?
:'''Theodoros:''' Those depraved old aristocrats are stealing even their children's happiness. Remembering history makes us wise, but also repeats the cycle of tragedy.
:'''Theodoros:''' A few days back, I had a really suspicious trade &mdash; this guy who looked like a retainer wanting to pawn a priceless pendant made of Kremnos eagleblood.
:'''Theodoros:''' Eagleblood is very rare, and the rare extant treasures are mostly safeguarded by Kremnoans, so there's no way it'd be in the hands of an ordinary Okheman guard.
:'''Theodoros:''' When I hit him up about it, he just said some aristocrat in the city gifted it to him. Here, let me show you...
:'''Aelius:''' ...This!? That's my mother's eagleblood pendant that I gave to Nympha. I was worried about us getting busted, so I never let Nympha wear it. She must have hidden it very well somewhere at home.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's it doing here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that what Nympha wanted?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Someone found this pendant...
:'''Aelius:''' Every clue so far today points to one outcome and one alone: Nympha's family put her under duress.
:'''Theodoros:''' I kept a close eye on this bizarre customer. My friend said this guy has been hanging around {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Marmoreal Palace}} a lot lately.
:'''Theodoros:''' Go, now! I hope this eagleblood can help lead you to the one you love.
:'''Aelius:''' Lastly, try asking Theodoros in the ancient artifacts store. Maybe there will be a clue or two in their recent transactions.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Marmoreal Palace and look for Nympha{{subst:void|<!--500040714-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|There must be a way to find Nympha in a place as big as the Marmoreal Palace}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's too big here and impossible to find where she's gone. Let's go over some past memories and try to pull out some more clues.
;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionOpen)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"IsCreateAllEntityType": true
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionClose)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"NeedDisappear": true,
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"IsDestroyAllEntityType": true
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; MissionFinish)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEvent",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerClose"
	},
	"InstanceID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Rewind to the past and find where Nympha was imprisoned{{subst:void|<!--500040707-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness Aelius' revelation{{subst:void|<!--500040708-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|The youth knows that there's nothing that will stop him from rushing towards his love.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{tx}}
:'''Aelius:''' How unreasonable her family is! So... Nympha has been putting up with such huge pressure at home, but never once let on to me about it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She never wanted to put any pressure on you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} In-laws like that are super scary...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So that's why she wants to make her parents lose her at least once...
:'''Aelius:''' I have to... I've gotta do something about this.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the market and find Nympha{{subst:void|<!--500040709-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Aristocrat Retainer:''' You? You're that Kremnos punk!
:'''Aristocrat Retainer:''' He's here!
:'''Aelius:''' Die...!
:Aelius throws all his might into a massive punch, instantly knocking down the guard...
:'''Aelius:''' Hmph, steal MY necklace again, why don't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that the strength of a Kremnoan...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That was brutal!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You could solo a Titankin. no problem.
:There's movement inside the room instantly: Footsteps dragging chains in a hurry towards the door, followed very shortly by a familiar female voice...
:'''Nympha:''' Aelius, is that you outside?
:'''Aelius:''' My Nympha, it is I! And I've brought a friend to help me out... I'm so sorry. I don't think I actually know your name.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm Galactic Baseballer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We Trailblazers always perform good deeds anonymously!
:'''Nympha:''' Thank you so much too, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Warrior, for protecting my Aelius.
:'''Aelius:''' Nympha, listen to me: I've thought this through very carefully...
:'''Aelius:''' Let's elope! Let me take you away from Okhema, right here, right now... Let's just go!
:'''Nympha:''' Aelius... What makes you say that all of a sudden?
:'''Aelius:''' Well... This is the first time I've ever felt that if things stay as they are, I might really end up losing you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He thought you were marrying someone else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He thought you pawned his necklace.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He thought you treated him like a boy toy.
:'''Aelius:''' I kind of always took it for granted that you are mine, that our love was the will of Mnestia, that those truly in love would be afforded favor by the Titans.
:'''Aelius:''' But it's only today that I finally realized... that the one pulling on this golden thread has always been you: Your courage, your kindness, your perseverance... To protect our relationship, I also need to fight alongside you.
:'''Nympha:''' Aelius, do you still remember how we first met?
:'''Aelius:''' How could I ever forget? That day, you came to my blacksmith shop, and we hit it off like two old friends, talking up a storm until poor Chartonus was yawning. After that, we'd look forward to seeing each other every day...
:'''Nympha:''' There's something I've never been honest with you about. I actually knew all along that my parents sent someone to try to kill you. So I wanted to reach out to you and offer up an apology for their evil...
:'''Nympha:''' But I never thought that I'd fall head over heels in love with you as soon as we met. And when you introduced me to so many outlander friends, you opened up my eyes to the bigger world outside...
:'''Aelius:''' Nympha...
:'''Nympha:''' Hatred is like a snowball: Once it's been rolling for centuries, it doesn't matter who made the first mistake.
:'''Nympha:''' Let the hatred of previous generations stop with us.
:'''Aelius:''' So then... we have to go.
:'''Nympha:''' Yes, leave &mdash; to put ourselves in danger and force those stuffy old fogeys to bow their heads in defeat. We will return triumphant, and then dedicate the victory of our love to the Titan &mdash; to fair and just Talanton, instead of Mnestia.
:'''Aelius:''' I will follow you to the ends of the earth, my darling Nympha...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a happy ending!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All good if I bounce?
:'''Nympha:''' Kind warrior, please stay a while. I have one final task to ask of you. Could you please go to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Dromas Workshop}} beside the market and wait for us there?
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Dromas Workshop and bid farewell to these two{{subst:void|<!--500040710-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|The story draws to an end. Is this a happy ending of a rom-com, or the prologue of yet another tragedy? You silently pray that the scales of fate tilts towards the former.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Aelius:''' We'd like to leave this set of letters with you. We've just been frantically pulling this together.
:'''Nympha:''' We must let Okhema hear our story to avoid pesky interference from aristocrats like my parents. These letters form our best shot at providing evidence, and they'll recount justice and love in our stead.
:'''Nympha:''' I want to give them to you, as someone who witnessed everything. When the time is right, please, can you publicize these letters?
:'''Nympha:''' Or else... if anything should ever happen to us, at least let us serve as inspiration for playwrights out there.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please don't joke about that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bah!
:'''Nympha:''' Whew... I can finally wear the eagleblood necklace that you gave me out in public! It feels so good not having to hide things anymore.
:'''Aelius:''' Just look how happy you are... It's getting late. We have to hit the road now before we're discovered.
:'''Nympha:''' We'd better say goodbye, now. Hope to see you again sometime in the future!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For sure.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You stay safe out there.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Keep slaying those monsters, okay.
:'''Aelius:''' I will keep her safe. After all, now is just the beginning of our happiness together...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Love in the Time of Black Tide
|zhs  = 黑潮时期的爱情
|zht  = 愛在黑潮蔓延時
|ja   = 暗黒の潮時代の愛
|ko   = 검은 물결 시대의 사랑
|es   = El amor en tiempos de la marea oscura
|fr   = L'amour au temps de la Marée noire
|ru   = Любовь во время чёрного течения
|th   = ความรักในช่วงคลื่นทมิฬ
|vi   = Tình Yêu Thời Kỳ Thủy Triều Đen
|de   = Die Liebe in den Zeiten der Schwarzen Flut
|id   = Cinta di Era Gelombang Hitam
|pt   = Amor nos Tempos da Maré Negra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
