<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#One-Day Talanton#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 5000414
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission One-Day Talanton.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Amphoreus Annals
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Witch's Mirrored Reversal]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Lelia"; "Scared Traveler"; "Trembling Poet"; Crowd; Dorian; Eio; Lygus; Thespis; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*10; Adventure Log*3; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''One-Day Talanton''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]] in the chapter [[Amphoreus Annals]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Demigod Council to watch a tragicomedy rehearsal
# Follow along and figure out how "Edgar" killed a god
# Act as One-Day Talanton and settle a minor dispute between two individuals

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Go to the Demigod Council to watch a tragicomedy rehearsal{{subst:void|<!--500041401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Demigod Council" Dawncloud|Rumor has it that the Demigod Council occasionally hosts theatrical performances during their free time. Is this for real? At that place where they hold meetings?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow along and figure out how "Edgar" killed a god{{subst:void|<!--500041402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Demigod Council" Dawncloud|update|Accusing the creator gods of arranging an unfair fate, he stormed out in anger. What is he planning to do?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to "Lelia")
:'''"Lelia":''' Eio stormed off yelling, "I want to slay the gods!"... This won't end well, right?
:'''"Scared Traveler":''' Of course, it won't!
:'''"Trembling Poet":''' ...Looks like rehearsal's over for today. I'm leaving.

;(Unused &mdash; TriggerPerformance_500041403)
:'''Thespis:''' Stop! Eio, do you know what you're doing?
::'''Eio:''' Don't call me Eio. I'm Edgar! I'll defy unfair fate and slay the gods!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're chasing the wrong god. Kephale is on the other side!
:::'''Eio:''' Kephale? Kephale has never given me a cruel fate.
:::Another Titan? I haven't seen this one before...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another Titan? I haven't seen this one before...
::'''Thespis:''' I am no Titan! How could I be a Titan!?
::'''Eio:''' Shut up! You deceitful false god, I'm done with fate's manipulation!
::'''Eio:''' You took my comrades! You took my mother! You even took my wife! You heartless monster!
::'''Eio:''' Die&mdash; Titan!
::'''Thespis:''' H&mdash;Help...!
::Say and do what you will, but don't play games with lives.
::In the nick of time, passing Holy City Guard Dorian helped you stop Eio.
::'''Dorian:''' Have you calmed down now?
::'''Eio:''' I have.
::'''Dorian:''' You two... know each other?
::'''Thespis:''' Yes. I'm a playwright, and he's an actor. By right, he's rehearsing ''The Shackled Edgar''...
::'''Eio:''' I'm the lead actor, Eio, playing Edgar in ''The Shackled Edgar''.
::'''Dorian:''' So, just now &mdash; was that acting?
::'''Thespis:''' How could it be acting? That lunatic nearly strangled me! Hey, Eio, explain yourself!
::'''Eio:''' I was just too deep into the role... too immersed. You get it, right? The emotions just overwhelmed me.
::'''Thespis:''' What does your lack of control over your emotion have to do with me? I was just about to take a break...
::'''Eio:''' Think about it: In the play, "I" am manipulated by fate, losing my blood relations and loved ones. Disillusioned with the gods, isn't that right?
::'''Thespis:''' Yes, that's what I wrote.
::'''Eio:''' By that point, "I" should be deranged, blinded by hatred, twisted inside, and intent on defying them, correct?
::'''Eio:''' Then, "I" should kill the creator, the playwright of ''The Shackled Edgar'', right?
::'''Thespis:''' Yes, of cour&mdash; wait a minute, as if!
::'''Dorian:''' Oh... Fair enough!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What nonsense is this?
:::'''Dorian:''' A script is his fate, and the playwright is the creator.
:::I've never imagined that...
:::'''Thespis:''' I suspected Eio wasn't all there even back when he was in the choir.
:::I've seen this kind of avant-garde work before...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've never imagined that...
:::'''Thespis:''' I suspected Eio wasn't all there even back when he was in the choir.
:::I've seen this kind of avant-garde work before...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've seen this kind of avant-garde work before...
::'''Thespis:''' What I've written here is not a simple avant-garde tragedy.
::'''Dorian:''' So, is that it? Case closed?
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} One-Day Talanton?
:::'''Thespis:''' Huh? You've never heard of it? In the holy city, not every dispute requires the elders' intervention. When both parties agree, we appoint a One-Day Talanton &mdash; a neutral party to mediate and settle disputes.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, this sounds intriguing. Very well, I'll serve as the judge.
:::'''Dorian:''' That works for both of them.
:::But first, let me be clear &mdash; I don't work for free.
:::'''Thespis:''' We promise to offer fair payment as representatives of {{Rubi|Talanton|Law Titan}}.
:::'''Dorian:''' Good. Then you two, prepare your arguments. Gray-haired {{MC|f=lady|m=gentleman}}, you'll be the judge. We'll meet at the trial grounds.
:::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But first, let me be clear &mdash; I don't work for free.
:::'''Thespis:''' We promise to offer fair payment as representatives of {{Rubi|Talanton|Law Titan}}.
:::'''Dorian:''' Good. Then you two, prepare your arguments. Gray-haired {{MC|f=lady|m=gentleman}}, you'll be the judge. We'll meet at the trial grounds.
:::{{tx}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (What's happening? Follow and find out.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Act as One-Day Talanton and settle a minor dispute between two individuals{{subst:void|<!--500041403-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Demigod Council" Dawncloud|update|After listening to both sides' arguments, deliver a fair judgment. This is what it means to be "One-Day Talanton."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Dorian:''' Today, in the rehearsal hall, actor Eio stands accused of attempting to murder the playwright. This case&mdash;
:'''Dorian:''' &mdash;will be fairly judged by One-Day Talanton, (Trailblazer). Everyone, please commit to a solemn oath...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} In the name of Talanton, I solemnly swear...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} First time being a Titan here, kind of new to this...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Just mouth along...)
:'''Crowd:''' In the name of Talanton, we solemnly swear: We shall uphold justice with scales and sword, under the watchful eyes of gods and mortals alike. We will not deceive, we will not conceal, and we will protect the law and its order.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Both sides are now ready. Present your cases.
:'''Eio:''' At the time, I was simply too immersed in the performance. It was like... something possessed me! I am not at fault here.
:'''Thespis:''' Don't give me that "possessed" nonsense. If it wasn't you, then who else could it be? (Trailblazer) and Dorian both saw it with their own eyes.
:'''Eio:''' I object! I had no reason to harm you, but Edgar in ''The Shackled Edgar'' certainly did!
:'''Eio:''' It's your plot that drove Edgar's family to ruin! His resentment towards you gave him plenty of motive for revenge!
:'''Thespis:''' Objection! Edgar shouldn't even know where the creator resides!
:'''Eio:''' I told him.
:'''Thespis:''' You... told him? Objection! Besides, the world of ''The Shackled Edgar'' is polytheistic.
:'''Eio:''' And?
:'''Thespis:''' One god (playwright) can't control the whole world!
:'''Eio:''' Each deity has its own responsibilities. Your sins don't concern the others.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But playwrights don't even have much say in the script.
::'''Thespis:''' True, actors do contribute to the creative process. Why not direct your fury at yourself?
::Leave me alone, my brain is still trying to make sense of it...
::'''Dorian:''' You, One-Day Talanton, are supposed to keep a clear head.
::...I've had enough of fools.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave me alone, my brain is still trying to make sense of it...
::'''Dorian:''' You, One-Day Talanton, are supposed to keep a clear head.
::...I've had enough of fools.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I've had enough of fools.
:'''Dorian:''' *Suddenly clear throat* The address is almost over, be sure to make good judgment.
:'''Thespis:''' I admit there are some paradoxes here, but by common sense, Edgar wouldn't be aware of a world beyond the script.
:'''Thespis:''' Only you, Eio, have such awareness. Thus, you're the one who acted!
:'''Eio:''' No, observation depends on the third party!
:'''Eio:''' I, Eio, am connected to both you, Thespis, and ''The Shackled Edgar''. Therefore, Edgar, through me, gains awareness of his creator, Thespis.
:'''Thespis:''' Objection! You are Eio, not Edgar! You can't speak on Edgar's behalf.
:'''Eio:''' The question of "Who am I?" has always been debated. Is identity decided by others? Or by oneself?
:'''Eio:''' I reject the idea that identity is determined by others. Otherwise, if someone called me a pig, would I really be a pig?
:'''Eio:''' In short, one determines their own identity. I see myself as Eio, but I can also choose to see myself as Edgar.
:'''Thespis:''' ...Enough philosophy. Are you just arguing that Edgar should be punished, while Eio is innocent?
:'''Eio:''' Precisely.
:'''Thespis:''' But if you had actually killed me, the story would cease to exist, Edgar wouldn't exist, and only you, Eio, would remain!
:'''Thespis:''' Could you still twist logic then?
:'''Eio:''' Fortunately, it didn't come to that.
:'''Crowd:''' ...
:'''Dorian:''' Honorable One-Day Talanton, {{MC|m=Sir|f=Madam}} (Trailblazer), please deliver your just verdict.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Eio, the full responsibility is yours.
::'''Eio:''' I understand. I accept full responsibility.
::Eio, the responsibility is shared &mdash; half yours, half Edgar's.
::'''Eio:''' As an accomplice. I understand. I accept.
::Thespis, the full responsibility is yours.
::'''Thespis:''' What? I took the beating, and now I'm to blame? I thought we were discussing how to punish Eio, not me...
::It's your fault for writing something so terrible.
::It's your fault for writing something too brilliant.
::Both of you deserve fifty lashes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Eio, the responsibility is shared &mdash; half yours, half Edgar's.
::'''Eio:''' As an accomplice. I understand. I accept.
::Thespis, the full responsibility is yours.
::'''Thespis:''' What? I took the beating, and now I'm to blame? I thought we were discussing how to punish Eio, not me...
::It's your fault for writing something so terrible.
::It's your fault for writing something too brilliant.
::Both of you deserve fifty lashes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thespis, the full responsibility is yours.
::'''Thespis:''' What? I took the beating, and now I'm to blame? I thought we were discussing how to punish Eio, not me...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's your fault for writing something so terrible.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's your fault for writing something too brilliant.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Both of you deserve fifty lashes.
:'''Thespis:''' Well, I did swear an oath, so... fair enough.
:'''Crowd:''' Thank you for your fair judgment, Honorable One-Day Talanton, {{MC|m=Sir|f=Madam}} (Trailblazer).
:The commotion ended, and the crowd dispersed... but you notice the Theoros seems far from satisfied.
:'''Lygus:''' {{MC|m=Sir|f=Madam}} One-Day Talanton, an intriguing verdict indeed.
:'''Lygus:''' I once heard of a blacksmith who devoted his life to perfecting the art of sculpture. One night, he dreamed of a flawless maiden. Inspired, he carved a lifelike ivory statue of her.
:'''Lygus:''' Moved by his passion, {{Rubi|Mnestia|Romance Titan}} blessed the statue with life, and they became a happy couple.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've heard a story like that before.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So why are we talking about stories now?
:'''Lygus:''' Heh, I just prefer tales where creators and creations live in harmony.
:{{tx}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ("One-Day Talanton"... Isn't that just a fancy name for a public interest judge? Guess I'm in it for the long haul...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = One-Day Talanton
|zhs  = 一日塔兰顿
|zht  = 一日塔蘭頓
|ja   = 一日タレンタム
|ko   = 일일 탈란톤
|es   = Talanton por un día
|fr   = Talanton d'un jour
|ru   = Талант на один день
|th   = Talanton หนึ่งวัน
|vi   = Talanton Một Ngày
|de   = Talanton für einen Tag
|id   = Talanton Sehari
|pt   = Talanton por Um Dia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
