<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pineapple Bread#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 21901
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Gift Box.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 101
}}
'''Pineapple Bread''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Choose Pineapple.
|result_1 = Gain 3 random Blessing(s) and Negative Curio: Pineapple

|choice_2 = Choose Bread.
|result_2 = Give Up

|choice_3 = Take a drink and calm down.
|result_3 = Obtain 3 random subtle Curio(s).

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You sit on the hot sofa as the lights make you temporarily dizzy. The game of bravery: Pineapple Bread is approaching its final stages as everyone awaits your decision as the final survivor.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "There are two boxes left. Eat the pineapple and take the prize or eat the bread and get lost." The manic faces of the audience are reflected in the host's compound eyes &mdash; They don't want to see you win. They want to see you fail.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' There are over nine thousand objects in the cosmos that go by the name of "pineapple." Some are rocks, some are leaves, and some are even black holes. Until you open this box, no one knows what lies within.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your brain freezes as images of the last runner-up being evaporated by a plasma pineapple rush through your mind.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Pineapple or bread!?" The spectators impatiently spur you on.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose Pineapple. &mdash; Gain 3 random Blessing(s) and Negative Curio: Pineapple
::'''Simulated Universe:''' One doesn't get rich without taking risks! As you swallow the pineapple, a bitterness runs over your tongue.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose Bread. &mdash; Give Up
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You become deeply aware of a great truth: That no matter how much money you have, you have to be alive to spend it.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take a drink and calm down. &mdash; Obtain 3 random subtle Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' This program is sponsored by the Interastral Peace Corporation. Authentic pineapple soda, bringing you an unforgettable feast of flavor.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pineapple Bread
|zhs  = 菠萝面包
|zht  = 鳳梨麵包
|ja   = パイナップルパン
|ko   = 파인애플 빵
|es   = Pan de piña
|fr   = Pain d'ananas
|ru   = Ананасовая булка
|th   = ขนมปังสับปะรด
|vi   = Bánh Mì Dứa
|de   = Ananasbrot
|id   = Roti Nanas
|pt   = Pão e Abacaxi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}