<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lava#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 22301
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Contest.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 105
}}
'''Lava''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Reforge weapon.
|result_1 = Discard 1 Curio(s) and obtain it again.

|choice_2 = Smelt weapon.
|result_2 = Discard 2 random Curio(s) and gain 1 Weighted Curio.

|choice_3 = Precision-forge weapon.
|result_3 = Discard 1 Curio(s) and obtain 1 random Curio(s) of the same rarity or higher.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk through the abyss of flowing magma as the thick toxic smoke colors the Warforge air with dark tones, much like the emotionless face of Magg the Firesmith.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can craft any weapon of war that you desire. All I ask is that you promise me that it will be used for supreme destruction." The one-eyed, one-armed craftsman wipes his ashy hand on his apron before pulling out his still red-hot tools.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the fusion furnace hums to life and the blue flames within begin to roar, Magg stares at you impatiently. "What are you waiting for? My hammer can barely stay awake with this boredom!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Reforge weapon. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio(s) and obtain it again.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Smelt weapon. &mdash; Discard 2 random Curio(s) and gain 1 Weighted Curio.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Precision-forge weapon. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio(s) and obtain 1 random Curio(s) of the same rarity or higher.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This thing's got some pretty sturdy bones!" Magg exclaims, impressed. "Nothing like those antimatter flames that spend the whole time wailing!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lava
|zhs  = 熔岩
|zht  = 熔岩
|ja   = {{Rubi|溶岩|ようがん}}
|ko   = 용암
|es   = Lava
|fr   = Lave
|ru   = Лава
|th   = ลาวา
|vi   = Dung Nham
|de   = Lava
|id   = Lava
|pt   = Lava
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}