{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Pixel World: Hidden Stage
|image         = Random Event Pixel.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Pixel World: Hidden Stage''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe]] Extensions.

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Mr. Jibaou the radish! Glad to see you again. Congratulations on discovering the hidden stage of the Pixel World!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This hidden stage will make you question your life choices!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Now, you have no other means to cross the rapid stream, and there are three massive piranhas before you! You can only bet your life on a piranha that appears the friendliest and jump into its stomach to let it carry you across the river... Of course, you might perish in its belly if you make the wrong choice.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose number four! It has a tiny bow! &mdash; Obtain three random 1-star Blessings.
:;(Repeat 3 times)
::;(Obtain a random 1-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose number three. Its teeth are rusted... &mdash; Obtain 1 cheat chances.
:;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose number two. It snores like Andatur Zazzalo. &mdash; Enhance two random 2-3 star Blessings.
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You make the right choice!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stay in the piranha's stomach, waiting to cross the sea... You think to yourself, "Luckily, it doesn't eat carrots." Save your progress immediately when you reach the other side!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pixel World: Hidden Stage
|zhs  = 像素世界•隐藏关
|zht  = 像素世界•隱藏關
|ja   = ピクセルワールド・{{Rubi|隠|かく}}しステージ
|ko   = 픽셀 월드•히든 스테이지
|es   = Mundo de píxeles: Mecanismo invisible
|fr   = Monde pixélisé : Niveau caché
|ru   = Пиксельный мир: Тайный уровень
|th   = โลกพิกเซล: กลไกซ่อนเร้น
|vi   = Thế Giới Pixel - Ải Ẩn
|de   = Pixelwelt: Versteckte Etappe
|id   = Dunia Piksel: Stage Tersembunyi
|pt   = Mundo Pixelado: Estágio Oculto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
