<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2001002
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Crown of the Mundane and Divine
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Ruan Mei; Screwllum; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Simulated Universe]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Simulated Universe
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,100; Stellar Jade*110; Traveler's Guide*12; Refined Aether*8; Lost Crystal*8; Snack Life (Profile Picture)*1 { text = Snack Life }; Credit*140,000
}}
'''''When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[Crown of the Mundane and Divine]].

==Steps==
# Attend the meeting with Ruan Mei
# Follow Ruan Mei
# (Optional) Talk with Herta and Screwllum
# Speak with Ruan Mei
# Leave the Simulated Universe

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Attend the meeting with Ruan Mei{{subst:void|<!--200100201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Simulated Universe|Herta, Ruan Mei, and Screwllum: A gathering of geniuses never seen across the span of history! Scenes like this don't happen every day!<br />You are curious as to what games or contests take place between such individuals...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Perf)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side0 rm herta 109.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Hi, Ruan Mei, I've been waiting for you. Oh, you're here too? Looks like you two have become quite friendly.
::{{A|VO side0 rm screwllum 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm screwllum 101 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It's good to see you, {{MC|f=madam|m=sir}}. Affirmation: This reunion has happened earlier than my calculations predicted.
::{{A|VO side0 rm herta 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm herta 110 f.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Though you weren't invited, I welcome you to remember this historical moment, (Trailblazer). How long has it been since three geniuses were in the same room together? And how long will we have to wait for it to happen again?
::{{A|VO side0 rm screwllum 102.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Affirmative. Discounting our discussions on the Simulated Universe, our interactions are scarce. I look forward to the innovative ideas that may emerge from this juxtaposition of minds.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Cheer passionately)
:::(Cheer passionately)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Bow politely)
:::(Bow politely)
:::{{A|VO side0 rm herta 111.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Let me get straight to the point. I think it's time to find another partner for the Simulated Universe.
:::{{tx}}
::(Bow politely)
::{{A|VO side0 rm herta 111.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Let me get straight to the point. I think it's time to find another partner for the Simulated Universe.
::{{tx}}

;(Talk to Ruan Mei)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 167.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' Thankfully, it was just a minor scare. Still, meetings give me such a headache... It seems I'll have to stay put for a while.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 168.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' I see that you've recovered the lifeform in the master control zone. Thank you, well done.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't end up saying anything.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 169.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' I was simply being overly cautious. It is a habit of mine. Apologies.
::Is there something I shouldn't hear?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there something I shouldn't hear?
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 170.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' No. You misunderstand. While Herta is tied up in meetings, you might find it more convenient to roam the space station.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 171.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' There are some things that I must tell you now. If I wait for the meeting to finish... then it might be too late.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 172.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' The retrieval of my lifeforms isn't complete yet. There's more than just one, and some are stored in a sealed zone.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 173.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' Herta uses that place to welcome visitors from across the stars, or to welcome members of the Genius Society. However, due to the Legion's invasion, it is no longer open to the public.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 174.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' And now my "headache" is stored there.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are other zones in the space station?
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 175.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' There's much you don't know about the space station, and even more about Herta.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 176.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' But there is some information I can give you. That place is also used to welcome non-humanoid visitors and has a shuttle that connects to outer space.
::So Herta gave you permission to use this place?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So Herta gave you permission to use this place?
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 177.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' She gave me permission and said no more.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 178.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' I'm giving you my access card. Give me your hand, and I'll input your fingerprint into it.
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side0 rm herta 120.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Aaaand what the heck is this?
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 162.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' Seems like a programming error.
:{{A|VO side0 rm herta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm herta 121 f.ogg}} '''Herta:''' (Trailblazer), this fragment of Ruan Mei &mdash; have you seen it in the Simulated Universe before?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
::{{A|VO side0 rm player 130 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm player 130 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' The Simulated Universe is my home!
::{{A|VO side0 rm player 131 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm player 131 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (...?)
::{{A|VO side0 rm player 132 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm player 132 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I'm speaking nonsense again...)
::No.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No.
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 163.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' It's probably an isolated glitch.
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 165 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 165 f.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' Come along, (Trailblazer). I'll see you out.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Ruan Mei{{subst:void|<!--200100207-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Simulated Universe|update|Herta, Ruan Mei, and Screwllum: A gathering of geniuses never seen across the span of history! Scenes like this don't happen every day!<br />Ruan Mei calls you aside. Looks like you won't be able to hear any more snippets of exchanges and proposals between the geniuses. You have more important things to do right now anyway.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Talk with Herta and Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--200100209-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Simulated Universe|update|Herta, Ruan Mei, and Screwllum: A gathering of geniuses never seen across the span of history! Scenes like this don't happen every day!<br />You are curious as to what games or contests take place between such individuals...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Ruan Mei{{subst:void|<!--200100208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Simulated Universe|update|Herta, Ruan Mei, and Screwllum: A gathering of geniuses never seen across the span of history! Scenes like this don't happen every day!<br />Ruan Mei calls you aside. Looks like you won't be able to hear any more snippets of exchanges and proposals between the geniuses. You have more important things to do right now anyway.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Perf)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 167.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' Thankfully, it was just a minor scare. Still, meetings give me such a headache... It seems I'll have to stay put for a while.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 168.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' I see that you've recovered the lifeform in the master control zone. Thank you, well done.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't end up saying anything.
:::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 169.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' I was simply being overly cautious. It is a habit of mine. Apologies.
:::Is there something I shouldn't hear?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there something I shouldn't hear?
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 170.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' No. You misunderstand. While Herta is tied up in meetings, you might find it more convenient to roam the space station.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 171.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' There are some things that I must tell you now. If I wait for the meeting to finish... then it might be too late.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 172.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' The retrieval of my lifeforms isn't complete yet. There's more than just one, and some are stored in a sealed zone.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 173.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' Herta uses that place to welcome visitors from across the stars, or to welcome members of the Genius Society. However, due to the Legion's invasion, it is no longer open to the public.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 174.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' And now my "headache" is stored there.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are other zones in the space station?
:::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 175.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' There's much you don't know about the space station, and even more about Herta.
:::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 176.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' But there is some information I can give you. That place is also used to welcome non-humanoid visitors and has a shuttle that connects to outer space.
:::So Herta gave you permission to use this place?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So Herta gave you permission to use this place?
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 177.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' She gave me permission and said no more.
::{{A|VO side0 rm ruanmei 178.ogg}} '''Ruan Mei:''' I'm giving you my access card. Give me your hand, and I'll input your fingerprint into it.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Leave the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--200100205-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine
|zhs  = 天才群星闪耀时
|zht  = 天才群星閃耀時
|ja   = 天才の星の時間
|ko   = 천재의 뭇별이 빛날 때
|es   = Cuando brillan las estrellas del ingenio
|fr   = Alors que brillent les étoiles de l'ingéniosité
|ru   = Гори, гори, моя звезда гениальности
|th   = เมื่อหมู่ดาวแห่งอัจฉริยะเปล่งประกาย
|vi   = Khi Thiên Tài Tề Tựu Giữa Ngân Hà
|de   = Wenn die Sterne des Einfallsreichtums leuchten
|id   = Saat Bintang-Bintang Jenius Bersinar
|pt   = Quando as Estrelas da Engenhosidade Brilham
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
