{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A foxian dancer approaches you. She makes a mischievous shushing gesture at you before lifting the curtain to the hall for you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Before these seven pots of incense kneel countless dancers from all over the stars, who are getting madder by the day. They prostrate themselves before the meeting hall, and sing and pray to the 13th self-strangler - there are already 13 of them. The dancers will lie prone before God, pleading to know their end after the cosmic dance ends."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Here's a talisman about your fate. If you don't believe this type of thing, just treat it as a famous rumor of the cosmos."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A talisman stained with blood from an unknown source is placed before you... You regard it contemptuously and remain completely unimpressed. In your opinion, there is no such thing as fate...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Deep down inside, you are tempted...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Tell fortune. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). There is currently a NaN% chance to draw Destiny's Revelation.
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:;(Outcome 1, 65%/100% chance)
::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is unbelievable... Your hands are trembling, and tears are streaming down your face. Being an unlucky dog all your life, you never expected to experience something as *wonderful* as this. You even wonder if everything is still just a simulation...
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Surprisingly, you have received a genuine revelation from fate. The talisman reads: "The Revelation of Finality..."
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass out from excitement before you can finish reading it.
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:;(Outcome 2, 35%/0% chance)
::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You wipe the blood off the talisman on which it reads: "Consolation." You are very disappointed...
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Ready for another one?
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Tell fortune. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). There is currently a NaN% chance to draw Destiny's Revelation.
:::;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:::;(Outcome 1, 65%/100% chance)
::::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:::::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is unbelievable... Your hands are trembling, and tears are streaming down your face. Being an unlucky dog all your life, you never expected to experience something as *wonderful* as this. You even wonder if everything is still just a simulation...
:::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Surprisingly, you have received a genuine revelation from fate. The talisman reads: "The Revelation of Finality..."
:::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass out from excitement before you can finish reading it.
::::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse invitation. &mdash; Once you start it's hard to stop.
:::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse invitation. &mdash; Once you start it's hard to stop.


;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_19307)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You wipe the blood off the talisman on which it reads: "Consolation." You begin to wonder whether this is a scam...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Ready for another one?
::{{DIcon|Star}} Tell fortune. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). There is currently a NaN% chance to draw Destiny's Revelation.
::;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
::;(Outcome 1, 65%/100% chance)
:::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is unbelievable... Your hands are trembling, and tears are streaming down your face. Being an unlucky dog all your life, you never expected to experience something as *wonderful* as this. You even wonder if everything is still just a simulation...
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Surprisingly, you have received a genuine revelation from fate. The talisman reads: "The Revelation of Finality..."
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass out from excitement before you can finish reading it.
:::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
::;(Outcome 2, 35%/0% chance)
:::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You wipe the blood off the talisman on which it reads: "Consolation." You are very disappointed...
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Ready for another one?
::::{{DIcon|Star}} Tell fortune. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). There is currently a NaN% chance to draw Destiny's Revelation.
::::;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
::::;(Outcome 1, 65%/100% chance)
:::::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is unbelievable... Your hands are trembling, and tears are streaming down your face. Being an unlucky dog all your life, you never expected to experience something as *wonderful* as this. You even wonder if everything is still just a simulation...
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Surprisingly, you have received a genuine revelation from fate. The talisman reads: "The Revelation of Finality..."
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass out from excitement before you can finish reading it.
:::::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
::::{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse invitation. &mdash; Once you start it's hard to stop.
::::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
::{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse invitation. &mdash; Once you start it's hard to stop.
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_undefined)

{{Dialogue End}}