<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Captives, Behold the Expanse Beyond Light#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1040614
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Captives, Behold the Expanse Beyond Light.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Before Their Deaths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[A Sea Meant for One]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = A Sea Meant for One
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,200; Stellar Jade*150; Traveler's Guide*20; Disorder Ambrosia*480; Beneath the Bubbles*1 { text = ''Beneath the Bubbles'' }; Frozen Tides*1 { text = ''Frozen Tides'' }; Credit*150,000
}}
'''''Captives, Behold the Expanse Beyond Light''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Before Their Deaths]].

==Steps==
# Step into the sea she gifted you

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Step into the sea she gifted you{{subst:void|<!--104061401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=A Sea Meant for One|Complete your conquest in the ocean at the boundaries of this world, and eternally slumber in the sound of tides. Eternally slumber in the sound of tides, and complete your conquest in the ocean at the boundaries of this world.<br />They were never terrified of this prophecy. Rather, they somewhat looked forward to it.<br />Back then, they stood on the shores of Loukas, watching the yet-unextinguished sun sink into the sea, imagining the day when the prophecy would come true.<br />But she didn't know that the sea she dreamed of wasn't just a small pond. Nor was it just an empty shore.<br />She didn't know that she had no desire for eternal rest. And what she truly yearned for was never a conquest.<br />Thinking of the scenes that were so out of place, they watched together as the sun slowly, ever so slowly, sank into the sea, as if it would never rise again.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Captives, Behold the Expanse Beyond Light
|zhs  = 囚人啊，踏过日影见沧溟
|zht  = 囚人啊，踏過日影見滄溟
|ja   = 囚人よ、影を踏み越え蒼海を仰げ
|ko   = 죄수여, 그림자를 딛고 푸른 바다를 봐다오
|es   = Prisionero, contempla el mar allende el sol
|fr   = Captifs, contemplez l'immensité au-delà du soleil
|ru   = О узник, перешагни тень и узри море
|th   = นักโทษเอ๋ย จงข้ามผ่านเงาตะวัน เพื่อยลห้วงทะเล
|vi   = Hỡi Tù Nhân, Hãy Bước Qua Bóng Nắng Để Thấy Biển Trời
|de   = Gefangene, schaut in die Weiten jenseits des Lichts
|id   = Tahanan, Langkahi Bayangan Mentari Menuju Samudra Biru
|pt   = Cativos, Contemplem a Vastidão Além da Luz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}
