<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ideal Success Ratio#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25501
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Default.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 138
}}
'''Ideal Success Ratio''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Is this any of your business?
|result_1 = Reject the trial and take 300 of his Cosmic Fragments
|path_1   = Day

|choice_2 = I'm guilty! I'm guilty!
|result_2 = Obtain 1 Absolute Failure Prescription(s) and 400 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_3 = Aeons, I didn't mean to succeed so hard.
|result_3 = Obtain 2 Absolute Failure Prescription(s) and 1 3-star Equation(s)

|choice_4 = I need some challenges.
|result_4 = Obtain 3 Absolute Failure Prescription(s) and 1 3-star Curio(s)

|choice_5 = Argue with the judge!
|result_5 = Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I hereby declare, you are guilty!" In the silent courtroom, the Intellitron judges' twenty-three fractals surround you, with a ruler symbolizing discipline stabbed into the digital network underground, like a flattened pipe organ.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "It has been reported that the defendant's life success index stands at an impressive 99.9. In violation of regulations of Dirante Star's Second Codex, this has grievously overdrawn this system's collective success quota, constituting an egregious invasion upon the resources of others."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Thus, this court hereby sentences you to undergo standardized failure therapy, until the balance between your success and failure index returns to the prescribed ratio." The judges raise their rulers and place them on your shoulders, as heavy electronic hums reverberate throughout the confined space.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I'm guilty! I'm guilty! &mdash; Obtain 1 Absolute Failure Prescription(s) and 400 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You remorsefully bow your head, swallowing the bitter potion.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Aeons, I didn't mean to succeed so hard. &mdash; Obtain 2 Absolute Failure Prescription(s) and 1 3-star Equation(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' But you firmly believe that no amount of failure will overshadow your radiance.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I need some challenges. &mdash; Obtain 3 Absolute Failure Prescription(s) and 1 3-star Curio(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A future with occasional turmoil suits you far better than a smooth-sailing one.
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Day|Is this any of your business?|Reject the trial and take 300 of his Cosmic Fragments}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You're not going to accept the judge's twisted logic, and prepare to deliver true failure to it in response.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Argue with the judge! &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ideal Success Ratio
|zhs  = 成功的标准比
|zht  = 成功的標準比
|ja   = {{Rubi|成功|せいこう}}の{{Rubi|黄金比|おうごんひ}}
|ko   = 성공의 표준비율
|es   = La medida del éxito
|fr   = Pourcentage de réussite idéal
|ru   = Критерий успеха
|th   = เกณฑ์ความสำเร็จ
|vi   = Tiêu Chuẩn Của Sự Thành Công
|de   = Erfolgskriterium
|id   = Kriteria Sukses
|pt   = Proporção Ideal de Sucesso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}