{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter a circular room where a tree with white branches is tied up in ropes. Its beauty and sacredness, which make it look like a dancing statue, blow you away.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Several soldiers are leaning against the tree, and you are not sure whether they are sleeping. They are pious knights with faces as pale as a sheet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You can't help moving closer to the tree. You hear the slow, crackling sound of the tree waving to and fro. There is a wooden board next to its roots that reads, "Water it... and it will... bloom."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange for a 2-star Blessing &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 20% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 20% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange for a 3-star Blessing &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 80% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 80% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave &mdash; You don't want to water it.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Let the sleeping soldiers "wake up again."|Their blood will revive the giant tree... Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain a 3-star Blessing.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Cloud Knights Patroller*3}}
::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Silvermane Gunner*2; Silvermane Soldier*2}}
{{Dialogue End}}