{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Bounty Hunter
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Bounty Hunter''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You wander on the snow plains wrapped tightly in a fur coat. A man is coming your way. The tall and slender man has crimson curly hair and a freckled face. He is wearing leather boots and holding a rifle.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' He points at a spherical building in the distance and says, "The pharmaceutical branch of the IPC is hunting biological materials to manufacture precious drugs, and so are recruiting bounty hunters in the Snowland."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "According to a secret source, the S-rank bounty for Snow Plains Yaks comes with a handsome reward. I'm surprised by how cold this place is. Could you lend me your fur coat?" You catch sight of the Snowland Animal Welfare Association badge worn on the man's chest...
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Rip off his badge!|You condemn this on behalf of the Animal Welfare Association. Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain a 1-3 star Blessing.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Abundance Sprite: Golden Hound*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;The Ascended*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Buy his calfskin boots for cheap!|Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s) and buy 1 random Curio.}}
:;(Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give him the fur you're wearing. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio, and obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Discard a Curio)
:;(Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Walk away. &mdash; You're not interested.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bounty Hunter
|zhs  = 赏金猎人
|zht  = 賞金獵人
|ja   = {{Rubi|賞金稼ぎ|しょうきんかせ}}
|ko   = 바운티 헌터
|es   = Cazarrecompensas
|fr   = Chasseur de primes
|ru   = Охотник за головами
|th   = นักล่าเงินรางวัล
|vi   = Thợ Săn Tiền Thưởng
|de   = Kopfgeldjäger
|id   = Pemburu Hadiah
|pt   = Caçador de Recompensas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
