{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Nomadic Miners
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Qlipoth
}}
'''Nomadic Miners''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It's dusk, and you're standing amid the heat waves. The atmosphere at the mines makes you dizzy, the mineral veins burning like melted butter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Great [[Qlipoth]], Aeon of Preservation... They can hear our voices." The miners raise and dip their shovels like frenzied animals &mdash; or the faithful.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Someone notices you &mdash; It's the "lead miner" wearing a detector lamp. His arms are dark and muscular, and his lips are in a similar shade of ink. His hearty smile is very memorable. He has a gold tooth that ceaselessly expands and twists in your brain, till all you can see is his "smile" &mdash; His lips and eyes fuse together, like the melting sludge of paint on a palette.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Qlipoth, the blessing of the Amber Lord, preserves these leylines. You can have one of them."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Fight with the lead miner and grab the stuff!|Enter 1 battle. Obtain 2 random Blessings of Destruction.}}
:;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/;Voidranger: Trampler*1/-25% Max HP}}
:::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/-25% Max HP}}
:::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Everwinter Shadewalker*2/;Guardian Shadow*1/-25% Max HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Dedicate to the Amber Lord.|Obtain one Enhanced 2-star Blessing of Preservation.}}
:;(Obtain a Enhanced 2-star Blessing of Preservation)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Qlipoth's Favor. &mdash; Enhance 2 random Blessings.
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Qlipoth's Blessing. &mdash; Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Preservation.
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Preservation)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Nomadic Miners
|zhs  = 游牧矿工
|zht  = 遊牧礦工
|ja   = {{Rubi|遊牧|ゆうぼく}}の{{Rubi|鉱夫|こうふ}}
|ko   = 유목 광부
|es   = Mineros nómadas
|fr   = Mineurs nomades
|ru   = Шахтёры-кочевники
|th   = คนงานเหมืองเร่ร่อน
|vi   = Thợ Mỏ Du Mục
|de   = Nomadische Bergleute
|id   = Penambang Nomaden
|pt   = Mineradores Nômades
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
