{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 3.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' Ancient amoeba slime molds unconsciously open their tiny mouths and attempt to devour the Depth Crawler, a creature thousands of times larger than themselves, despite their minuscule size! Now, they are leaping at your hand.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Flick them off.|These deceptive critters!}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' The molds fall like sparsely scattered stardust, consuming the next host in the process. You are relieved that you managed to escape them in time, as they are on an irreversible path of Voracity.
::'''Origin Universe:''' But of course, these molds lack enough intelligence... to realize what is about to happen.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Keep them on your palm for a while longer.|Pinch it a little, raise it up high!}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' Their bites leave a hole in your palm! You quickly brush them off.
::'''Origin Universe:''' The molds fall like sparsely scattered stardust, consuming the next host in the process. You are relieved that you managed to escape them in time, as they are on an irreversible path of Voracity.
::'''Origin Universe:''' But of course, these molds lack enough intelligence... to realize what is about to happen.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
