{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part V
|image         = 3.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Oroboros
}}
'''Part V''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' At the demise of the stars, the once-vast star system coalesced into a single particle and collapsed, emanating its final and ultimate radiance. When [[Oroboros]] the Voracity opened its huge mouth and consumed countless breeds of the Swarm, the particles and dust of billions of stars were also inhaled into their belly. Eons later, History Fictionologists sat in their vaulted libraries, writing down these histories unknown to the majority.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Flip through.|But the author is a History Fictionologist named Red-Nosed Old-Timer. Their reliability is unverifiable.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' 1. The wrapper for Procorean burrito: This star system was obliterated during the second war between Oroboros and Imperator Insectorum. Rumor has it that humans were regarded as food by Burriteasts on Procore, and they even initiated a war among themselves over their preferred flavors of human flesh!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' 2. Romantic story collection on Lapole Minor: Lapole Minor was destroyed during Imperator Insectorum's first conquest, and its twinning star, Lapole Major, was annihilated centuries before that. These planets were once in endless conflict several Amber Eras ago, as described in the official history. "Two sisters, eager to bring death to each other's door, unknown death marking them both, forevermore." However, in the unofficial history, a more romantic version preferred by historians depicts them as a pair of sisters who are entangled in love and hatred for each other.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' 3. A letter written in blood, discovered in Flamborghan: Flamborghan was obliterated during the second war between Oroboros and Imperator Insectorum. The last survivor on Flamborghan left a letter written in his blood before he was swallowed. "Wait, I haven't even finished paying my mortgage or had a romantic fling yet! I know my life sucks, but I'm just not ready to kick the bucket yet! What's wrong with that!?"
::'''Swarm Universe:''' That will be all.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Not looking through.|Who would read something a History Fictionologist wrote?}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' That will be all.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part V
|zhs   = 其五
|zht   = 其五
|ja    = その5
|ko    = V
|es    = Parte V
|fr    = Partie V
|ru    = V
|th    = ตอน 5
|vi    = Phần 5
|de    = Teil 5
|id    = Bagian V
|pt    = Parte V
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
