{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Tragedy and Insects: The Dwindling of Stars
|image         = 3.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Oroboros;Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Tragedy and Insects: The Dwindling of Stars''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' The Path of Propagation was revealed in a lone whine, and [[Tayzzyronth]] led the Swarm into the universe, avariciously consuming everything in its wake until [[Oroboros]] appeared before him. The great war between the Voracity and Propagation affected two-thirds of all the living worlds in the universe, and countless planetary and star systems perished as a result.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' A Depth Crawler, having razed several planets to the ground, is suddenly overwhelmed by tedious loneliness. It leans back against a mountain, which has become a wasteland, and begins to roar at the moon, as if recalling the thrill of consuming numerous breeds of the Swarm.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Catch its tail...|Careful... Don't let its tail get you.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' You grab its tail and carefully climb onto it... But when you lock eyes with it, an unusual electricity runs through your veins.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' It is a bewitching emotion... and you decide to snuggle up to its gigantic body. Having grown tired of feeding, it shows no signs of hostility toward you. Time passes quickly...
::'''Swarm Universe:''' It gently and carefully lets out a burp of loneliness.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' In the years to come, the memory of it will be relived in your mind.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|I don't want to be near it...|You have a hunting rifle in your hands...}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' A perfect chance for your gunshot! Somehow, you feel as though time has slowed. It turns its head toward you, looks into your eyes, and seems to halt time in its tracks. In this fleeting moment that lasts for eons, it becomes moribund, reminiscent of the mountain covered in snow... It has so much time to dodge this tiny bullet, yet it closes its eyes and allows its heart to be penetrated by it.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' You realize that you will never meet it again. You believe that no one will ever understand... the soul of a Depth Crawler.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' In the years to come, the memory of it will be relived in your mind.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Tragedy and Insects: The Dwindling of Stars
|zhs   = 「凶与虫 - 诸星消亡史」
|zht   = 「凶與蟲 - 諸星消亡史」
|ja    = 「凶と虫 - 諸星消滅紀」
|ko    = 「흉과 충 - 뭇별 소멸사」
|es    = Tragedia e insectos: el ocaso de las estrellas
|fr    = Tragédie et insectes : Épuisement des étoiles
|ru    = Казнь мухами: История гибели звёзд
|th    = แมลงกับโศกนาฏกรรม: การดับสูญของดวงดาว
|vi    = Sâu Bọ Hung Tàn - Lịch Sử Diệt Vong Những Vì Sao
|de    = Tragödie und Insekten: Das Schwinden der Sterne
|id    = "Serangga dan Tragedi - Catatan Sejarah Kehancuran Bintang"
|pt    = Tragédia e Insetos: O Declínio das Estrelas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
