{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part VI
|image         = 3.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Oroboros;Screwllum
}}
'''Part VI''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' [[Oroboros]] the Voracity vanished during the final phase of the war among Aeons. Their whereabouts remain a mystery.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|And?|You're still listening.}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' They have literally vanished.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Isn't it dead?|You are suspicious.}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' You have no idea where they could have gone.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Do I really not know?|You are suspicious.}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' Not even the slightest idea.
:'''Screwllum:''' "I'm sorry," [[Screwllum]] apologizes. "There seem to be some issues with the programs. Conclusion: They will be fixed immediately."
:'''Herta:''' "I've always suspected that someone is trying to tamper with the Simulated Universe, but... who could it be?" [[Herta]] appears. "Report to me if you encounter anything unusual."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part VI
|zhs  = 其六
|zht  = 其六
|ja   = その6
|ko   = VI
|es   = Parte VI
|fr   = Partie VI
|ru   = VI
|th   = ตอน 6
|vi   = Phần 6
|de   = Teil 6
|id   = Bagian VI
|pt   = Parte VI
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
