{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 3.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' At that time, the ancestors of the Intellitrons of Golcondar were immersed in the infrastructure of the mechanical planetary system, completely unaware of the crisis faced by organic beings. Their ignorance laid the foundation for the countless irreconcilable contradictions that would arise between inorganic and organic life in the future. Endless wars raged on the vast sandbox of the universe...
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Move the universe sandbox.|The sandbox simulation is like magic happening in your hands...}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' The disappearance of catastrophes is always silent, its beginning and end at such a dazzling speed that no one can interfere. No one has ever foreseen it or received any divine revelation.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|I'm more concerned about the origins of that Depth Crawler.|You've developed an emotional attachment to it.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' It had a happy life before it met you.
::'''Ember Universe:''' ...But not so much afterwards.
::'''Ember Universe:''' The disappearance of catastrophes is always silent, its beginning and end at such a dazzling speed that no one can interfere. No one has ever foreseen it or received any divine revelation.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part III
|zhs  = 其三
|zht  = 其三
|ja   = その3
|ko   = III
|es   = Parte III
|fr   = Partie III
|ru   = III
|th   = ตอน 3
|vi   = Phần 3
|de   = Teil 3
|id   = Bagian III
|pt   = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
