{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In Vonwacq, some outsiders block your path. You size them up and realize they aren't locals. While the Vonwacq still uses stone tools, these people are wearing materials from a technologically advanced planet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The 60-natural-year cycle is about to start again, and Vonwacq's Cyclic Demon Lord will be born from the fruit of a certain type of tree. We're here to wipe this data from the biological database, as the Cyclic Demon Lord is just an alien bug!" A man declared.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Once the Demon Lord emerges from the fruit and lands on the ground, it will deal a devastating blow to our civilization. Calculations show that we are just f&mdash;f&mdash;four cycles away from its arrival!" Another outsider remarks in a trembling voice.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Hurry and delete the Cyclic Demon Lord's life algorithm &mdash; Join the challenge and achieve battle victory within 4 Cycle(s).
:;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Flamespawn*2/-25% HP; Blaze Out of Space*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Frostspawn*2/-25% HP; Ice Out of Space*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Frigid Prowler*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 4:''' {{Enemy List|Automaton Grizzly*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 5:''' {{Enemy List|Windspawn*2/-25% HP; Stormbringer*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 6:''' {{Enemy List|Automaton Hound*2/-25% HP; Automaton Direwolf*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 7:''' {{Enemy List|Everwinter Shadewalker*2/-25% HP; Guardian Shadow*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 8:''' {{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 9:''' {{Enemy List|Silvermane Lieutenant*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 10:''' {{Enemy List|Incineration Shadewalker*2/-25% HP; Searing Prowler*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 11:''' {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/-25% HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Overload the Cyclic Demon Lord's life algorithm and live on!|Enter challenge and last for 4 Cycles without a character being downed to earn an additional Blessing reward.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/+30% ATK, +200% HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Overload the Cyclic Demon Lord's life algorithm and live on!|Enter challenge and last for 4 Cycles without a character being downed to earn an additional Blessing reward.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Abundance Sprite: Golden Hound*1/+30% ATK, +200% HP; Abundance Sprite: Malefic Ape*1/+30% ATK, +200% HP; Abundance Sprite: Wooden Lupus*1/+30% ATK, +200% HP}}
{{Dialogue End}}