{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 101-0
|image         = Random Event undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Akivili;Ena;Oroboros;Qlipoth;Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Unknown Event 101-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Based on your prefrontal cortex's activity, dopamine will be flooding into your brain in three seconds. That familiar experience will come soon, but it will be slightly different this time," [[Ruan Mei]] states matter-of-factly.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Chaotic images run rampant in your mind... You believe that protection can take various forms, and your trailblazing expedition, regardless of its form, will bring solace to all beings.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the steam is rising, you experience a familiar sensation. More specters come to live from the butter, and there are heaps of insect carcasses and butterfly wings at the bottom of the fortress. Their walls keep the disasters in the universe at bay. Many creatures are toiling away to build the fortress higher and higher.
:'''Qlipoth:''' A spark of inspiration hits you! Amid the steam, you seem to catch a glimpse of the massive body that takes form through the congregation of countless particles and dust from the earth under their protection! Realization dawns on you &mdash; the simulated Aeon is coming! You seem to hear the ear-splitting scraping sound of them dragging their hammer on the ground. You sniff the air and catch an unusual scent...
:'''Qlipoth:''' You believe the smell is a form of communication, and the speaker is akin to an old friend of yours.
:'''Ena:''' In the sky, there are some dull platinum aluminum flakes and a flickering eye...
:'''Ena:''' A voice that speaks in changing tones comes from between the lips and envelopes your ears like mist. In the meantime, there are 100 million tonal variations, and you are shrouded by a grayish-blue shadow. They descend and embrace the massive and scattered head of the Amber Lord. They seem to approach you, and you can finally hear their voice clearly. It is a resounding chorus coming from the imperial weapons simultaneously. The weapons spread out beneath them like a beam.
:'''Ena:''' "You have finally accepted my invitation, [[Qlipoth]]. The troublemakers go against the rules. Their actions are unpardonable." (♯1 - -·♭6 | ♭6 1· - - | - - - - ‖ ♬ Jme-Clent-A. I. Vadnbg. 1635-1942 "Amber Lord, as one that controls the will of transmutation, you bear great responsibility." ♬" Qecréiat Ineional es mpers." 1894-193 (♯1 - -·♭6 | ♭6 1· - - | - - - - ‖♬
:'''Herta:''' "Did you hear that?" [[Herta]] claps her hands excitedly. "The Order has extended an invitation to the Preservation! [[Tayzzyronth]] was put to death by the joint efforts of all Aeons! Qlipoth's response is intriguing. It seems like Qlipoth has a secret deal with the Order, and I'm eighty percent sure it is related to [[Oroboros]]! As far as I know about [[Ena]]'s character, they could not tolerate any disorder."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to join their interaction!
:'''Herta:''' "By all means. As you are [[Akivili]], they will welcome you to join them... Oh, you might even be the one that calls the shots." Herta gives you a wink and continues, "Join them after figuring out their stances! It probably won't help, as friends can become enemies as you turn around... How many Amber Eras does it take for you to turn around here?"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = undefined
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
