{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You swallow beautiful old memories. They have a spongy texture. The owner of the restaurant slaps the air with their fins. The final course is served to your table.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Among the seasoning of the small roasted fire serpent, unending layers of mountain ranges shield the soft and chewy texture beneath the crisp-fried surface like a protective screen. You want to refuse yet embrace it anyway. You transform into a breeze and drift across a cooling battlefield until you float among a sea of clouds.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' After many years, the once-young man has become a famous Cloud Knight Lieutenant. Having stolen a moment of leisure, you down half a bowl of tea in the Exalting Sanctum. But the road ahead is long, and you still have unspent energy you yearn to put to use. You want to become a well-known hero on the Xianzhou!
:{{DIcon|Star}} I will stand upon the Wardance's arena &mdash; Challenge the ringmaster of the Wardance and obtain 2 random 3-star Blessing(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You continue to surmount all obstacles in your way. As you look upon your opponents' swords, you know that this is also another life worth sampling.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I will rout the abominations of the Plague Author &mdash; Confront the invading borisins and obtain 1 random 3-star Equation(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You hoist your luggage onto your shoulder and walk into the port of the Xianzhou Yaoqing, where a new life for sampling awaits.
{{Dialogue End}}