<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Life is Like a Vegetable (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24901-2
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_30.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 129
}}
'''Life is Like a Vegetable (III)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in undefined and [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = I will stand upon the Wardance's arena
|result_1 = Challenge the ringmaster of the Wardance and obtain 2 random 3-star Blessing(s) after victory

|choice_2 = I will rout the abominations of the Plague Author
|result_2 = Confront the invading borisins and obtain 1 random 3-star Equation(s) after victory

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You swallow beautiful old memories. They have a spongy texture. The owner of the restaurant slaps the air with their fins. The final course is served to your table.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Among the seasoning of the small roasted fire serpent, unending layers of mountain ranges shield the soft and chewy texture beneath the crisp-fried surface like a protective screen. You want to refuse yet embrace it anyway. You transform into a breeze and drift across a cooling battlefield until you float among a sea of clouds.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' After many years, the once-young man has become a famous Cloud Knight Lieutenant. Having stolen a moment of leisure, you down half a bowl of tea in the Exalting Sanctum. But the road ahead is long, and you still have unspent energy you yearn to put to use. You want to become a well-known hero on the Xianzhou!
:{{DIcon|Star}} I will stand upon the Wardance's arena &mdash; Challenge the ringmaster of the Wardance and obtain 2 random 3-star Blessing(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You continue to surmount all obstacles in your way. As you look upon your opponents' swords, you know that this is also another life worth sampling.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I will rout the abominations of the Plague Author &mdash; Confront the invading borisins and obtain 1 random 3-star Equation(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You hoist your luggage onto your shoulder and walk into the port of the Xianzhou Yaoqing, where a new life for sampling awaits.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Life is Like a Vegetable (III)
|zhs  = 人生如菜（其三）
|zht  = 人生如菜（其三）
|ja   = {{Rubi|人生|じんせい}}は{{Rubi|料理|りょうり}}の{{Rubi|如|ごと}}く（その3）
|ko   = 인생은 채소와 같다 (3)
|es   = La vida es como la verdura (III)
|fr   = La vie est comme un légume (III)
|ru   = Жизнь как пища III
|th   = ชีวิตดั่งพืชผัก (3)
|vi   = Nhân Sinh Như Rau Cải (III)
|de   = Das Leben ist wie Gemüse (III)
|id   = Hidup Bagai Sayur (3)
|pt   = A Vida É Como um Legume (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}