<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Antimatter Legion#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Destruction*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Destruction, dealing Fire DMG to all enemies. Whenever a character is attacked or loses HP, they will gain an additional hit of DMG the next time the Boundary Resonance is triggered, up to {{Color|h|20}} hits.
|mentions = Antimatter Legion; Nanook
}}
'''Antimatter Legion''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|To this day, you can still remember that sheer joy, when the implosion bomb devoured the Blue Robin star system in one fell swoop, the heavy air of destruction suffocating that ridged space. As the most decorated general of the empire, the allure of those so-called riches and glory have long been unable to slake your desire &mdash; you seek despair and destruction! You will toy with those rebels in the palm of your hand, sprinkling false hope on them, and then, when you lure them into your trap, you will absolutely shatter that hope.<br /><br />Then THEIR gaze finally falls upon you. As you hear the wails of the weak, the brands of Destruction sear into their bodies, and you savor this moment &mdash; you destroy your own self, and you are reborn anew. The mission that the Supreme Destroyer has entrusted unto you, a brutality that cannot be fettered surging through your chest... Your multitudes will all be transformed into balls of anti-matter flames, wreaking havoc across the battlefield with abandon, incapable of distinguishing friend from foe.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Once you learn of the Legion's next target, a hint of joy instantly turns up at the corners of your mouth. Riding upon the flames of Destruction, the wheels of antimatter careen through a world that knows no fear, with the kings themselves being symbols of power and arrogance. And you are the commander of this legion that wreaks havoc, wielding your murderous weaponry as you smite your adversaries down to powder.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Purer than any evil, and blunter than the fear itself, you kiss the stars. This empire that you once served &mdash; time to bring them an experience unparalleled in its beauty.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hail the Supreme Destroyer!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hail the fall of the Empire!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The Trampler launches the first rush at their steel gunships. They peel through layer after layer of metal, shooting down gunships yet to take off. These four-legged guys are pretty awesome. A burst of green gunfire washed over the battlefield, manifesting a thousand transformed Voidrangers. Artillery and bayonet blades cut open the throat of the frontlines, fully showcasing the power brought to them by the forge.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' However, you don't want them taking away your greatest pleasure &mdash; a king to confer honor upon you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sprint into battle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rush to the flagship.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Something exists that is nobler than the royalty, and THEY selflessly bestow the Destruction upon everything there is. You recklessly crush your enemies before you, and the flickering glints of light disperse in the face of absolute violence. They attempt to flee, but flames remain everywhere.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You stroll up to the king who collapsed onto the ground, unable to recognize you. However, the piercing scream still aroused excitement within you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give him flowers of Destruction.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Flash him a disintegrating smile.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You sit down, savoring the burning of the nebula as you strum a threnody of destruction.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Antimatter Legion
|zhs  = 反物质军团
|zht  = 反物質軍團
|ja   = {{Rubi|反物質|はんぶっしつ}}レギオン
|ko   = 반물질 군단
|es   = Legión Antimateria
|fr   = Légion d'antimatière
|ru   = Легион Антиматерии
|th   = กองทัพ Antimatter
|vi   = Quân Đoàn Phản Vật Chất
|de   = Antimaterie-Legion
|id   = Antimatter Legion
|pt   = Legião Antimatéria
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}