<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Astral Ecology School#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Erudition*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Erudition. Deals minor Imaginary DMG to all enemies. Additionally, links the enemy with the highest Max HP with other enemies, inflicting {{Extra Effect|Central Link|61000303}} on all enemies and regenerating Energy equal to {{Color|h|50%}} of Max Energy to all allies.
|mentions = Astral Ecology School
}}
'''Astral Ecology School''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The boundless expanse of the star-studded sky casts its sublime shadow that enshrouds myriad worlds. Listen carefully, and you can touch its pulse, the murmurs of stellar helium flashes, the silence of the black hole's accretion, spots of light both bright and dark flowing between it, proteins, organisms, and civilizations crawling onto the riverbank, opening their curious eyes.<br /><br />You measure its history, from its uncooled past to its probable future of heat death, assessing the dynamics of civilization and the alternation of celestial bodies. The majestic expedition ships are migrating species. Void song whales and mite fungi will decompose the residue of the cosmos &mdash; the might of the gods is but a torrid current in the sea of life.<br /><br />The stars are a magnified ecosystem, composed of matter and energy, where a stretch of lake and stars clustered across the sky are fundamentally no different. You will deconstruct and restore the secrets of the universe, indulging yourself in the stunning vista measured in light-years.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You lie in a sea of gooey colloid, as though tottering atop something jelly. Unlike your colleagues, who only pander to IPC, it's always been your dream to perform in-depth research on weird little creatures like these. Comet cicadas, who roam the stars while carrying their nests with them, secrete their saliva into a huge gooey pool which helps maintain their own physiological functions while providing a vacuum breeding ground for many microorganisms.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' A tremor pulses out from the depths of the ocean. You rush to wear your warp jumping gear, before darkness overwhelms your vision in an instant.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm dizzy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's dark.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You quickly poke your head out of the ocean, and reflected in your pupils is a grape-colored stream of liquid gold surrounding an edge of a red giant star, like a bolt of silk on a fairy's shoulders.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The goo that pervades the subspace field implodes, launching the comet cicadas out off into the world. This is how many creatures hitch a ride and end up successfully spreading the seeds of their life out to planets.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' There are even some Ajya people who exploit this ocean, using sticks and stones to establish ancient colonies on several planets.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The beginnings of civilization.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The beginnings of savagery.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You open your astral charts, and the recorded coordinates are for a ring that's about to be connected. The comet cicadas' long voyage was nothing more than an evolved reproduction stratagem, but its trajectory ended up changing the fate of eleven different star systems &mdash; and connecting them all together into one huge ecosystem.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Now, it is about to enter its final warp, returning to the pupa crystal ocean where it was born to lay eggs and die.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're at the final destination.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Time to say goodbye.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Two bright moons stain the ocean silver. Taking off your shoes, you walk slowly across the sandy beach, thoroughly enjoying the insects' songs.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Astral Ecology School
|zhs  = 星空生态学派
|zht  = 星空生態學派
|ja   = {{Rubi|星空生態学派|せいくうせいたいがくは}}
|ko   = 은하 생태 학파
|es   = Academia de Ecología Astral
|fr   = École d'écologie astrale
|ru   = Школа звёздной экологии
|th   = แผนกนิเวศวิทยาดาราจักร
|vi   = Học Phái Sinh Thái Thiên Văn
|de   = Schule für Astralökologie
|id   = Astral Ecology School
|pt   = Escola de Ecologia Astral
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}