<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Elixir Seekers#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Abundance*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Abundance, restoring HP for all allies by {{Color|h|100%}} of the triggering character's Max HP, dispelling all debuffs, and applying {{Trait|Purgatorial Eradication}}, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s).
|mentions = Elixir Seekers; Yaoshi
}}
'''Elixir Seekers''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|When the three hundred and thirty-three nations in the planetary system dwindle to mere names, the destiny of annihilation has already visited, following the path laid out by the curses of the dead. The cessation of war fails to heal the wounds that have no bottom line. All residents had their DNA shredded and shattered, and even the president cowering in his bunker has not been spared.<br /><br />You pull with all the knowledge you've amassed in your lifetime, but the deformities and organ failure grip the other end of the rope tightly, dragging people into the afterworld. Until one day, a foreign envoy with branches sprouting out of his back arrives with a divine elixir. He halts the spread of the festering disease, preaching to us that only with THEIR divine power can salvation for the residents be achieved. The merciful Sanctus Medicus spreads THEIR healing wings, lifting the heavy burden of suffering from humanity's shoulders, and quenches all worldly desires with THEIR immortality elixir.<br /><br />The fleet from the Seaview Nebula sets sail, seeking the elixir from the hands of Yaoshi, aiming to quell the audacity of perpetual death and epidemic.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Yaoshi's shadow is always dancing, either inches away or flickering over to the other side of the world. You grow increasingly agitated &mdash; even if you had the elixir, there wouldn't be any point to it at all if your homeworld had met its demise.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Following the trail left by the envoy and the legend of Yaoshi, you envy greatly those who have been blessed by Them.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Plant disciples covered in flowers bury the first fruit that they grow each day as an offering to Yaoshi. These seeds grow up into lush forests that blot out the night sky. They wish the fleet a successful voyage, and give you a wee flower that will never wither so long as it is planted in water.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Express your gratitude.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give a gift in return.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Overloaded operations led to material fatigue, forcing the fleet to stop and rest. Several traveling merchants pass by and board, bringing warnings from the Xianzhou Alliance advising you to cease this voyage for the elixir.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Angrily refute.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Coolly decline.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get them off the ship.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' If there was no Yaoshi, who would save the Seaview Nebula from its stubborn disease? Within two generations, they would have disappeared in the torture of illness, leaving behind only an empty segmentum and a stinky old ghost town.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' There will be no more strife or fear. A utopia that the fairy tale writers would not dare to create &mdash; that is your future.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' After voyaging through some 81 different worlds and approaching desperation, the fleet finally sees THEIR countenance against the light of the rising sun. You fall to your knees, tears streaming down your cheeks.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please cure our illnesses.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please gift us eternal life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please gift us immortality.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' In the blink of an eye, the compassionate god has disappeared like a ghost, but you can still feel THEIR invigorating vitality pouring out of you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Elixir Seekers
|zhs  = 求药使
|zht  = 求藥使
|ja   = {{Rubi|薬乞|くすりご}}い
|ko   = 약을 구하는 자
|es   = Buscadores de Elixires
|fr   = Chercheurs d'élixir
|ru   = Искатели эликсира
|th   = Elixir Seeker
|vi   = Kẻ Cầu Trường Sinh
|de   = Elixiersucher
|id   = Elixir Seeker
|pt   = Buscadores de Elixir
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}