<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Galaxy Ranger#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = The Hunt*16
|effect   = Spends 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of The Hunt, dealing Wind DMG to all enemies and Advances all allies' actions by {{Color|h|100%}}, with the Max Energy being 200.
|mentions = Galaxy Rangers
}}
'''Galaxy Ranger''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You are living in the worst times right now. Sin and evil are widespread throughout the stars, and justice does not prevail. They say violence is never the solution to your problems, but when the arm of righteousness is sorely absent, you will discover no hesitation in pulling the trigger. An eye for an eye, blood for blood &mdash; that is the fundamental law of nature of the world. You extract your gun chamber from the beast's maw, meticulously polishing it to maintain its pristine condition. You are on a path to vanquish evil right in its cradle as it desires to expand.<br /><br />Search and destroy is your bread and butter, and hunting is your life's dessert. The moguls terrorizing their local areas see you as a thorn in their sides. They live in fear at the mere glimpse of your figure when they awake from their worst nightmares. The rampant warmongers spew proclamations to brew you into a fine wine and scatter your liquid remains across space, but when they really do face off against you, they can only slink away in cowardice.<br /><br />You will become a sharpened sword that hangs over the center of the cosmos, a blade that thrusts right through the hubris of evil.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Surrounded by four life termination units, you flee and blow away the obstacles beneath you, leaping off into the engine room of the spaceship. No matter how advanced the termination units' weaponry is, they wouldn't dare to wield it in such confined space. That is, unless the owners want to kiss goodbye to a little ranger like you &mdash; and the rest of the universe, with it.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Not to mention, trying to move around here at their size is like jamming an elephant into your fridge. Lifting your head, you look at the blood-red thermal imaging sensors and let out a provocative roar.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bring it on!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cheap trash!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As though aggravated by your words, the termination units complete their dazzling transformation in an extremely short period of time. Shedding their excess devices, they keep folding themselves up just like noblesse worms with legs, laughing maniacally as they free-fall towards you.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Didn't that darn Doctor No-Ears get his brains blown out? Were things really that desperate?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The dense rays fall with precision onto your body as the force field scatters the rays out just enough to give the antimatter engine a haircut.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No room. Back up!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The hook lands right at the entrance, pulling you just over the top of the termination units. With no flight gear, they probably won't be catching up to you for a while.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Who would've guessed that vile fellow, racked with guilt as he was, not only hid a victim of the experiment in a metal pod but is in fact a cyborg turtle, half-flesh and half-steel?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Whistling, you quietly slip over to Doctor No-Ears who has yet to recover from his fright.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's seized the initiative now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bang!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You squat down to give thing a careful examination. This shot finally got you some results.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Galaxy Ranger
|zhs  = 巡海游侠
|zht  = 巡海遊俠
|ja   = {{Rubi|巡海|じゅんかい}}レンジャー
|ko   = 갤럭시 레인저
|es   = Vigilantes de la Galaxia
|fr   = Ranger de la galaxie
|ru   = Галактический рейнджер
|th   = Galaxy Ranger
|vi   = Cảnh Binh Thiên Hà
|de   = Galaxieranger
|id   = Galaxy Ranger
|pt   = Vigia da Galáxia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}