<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Garden of Recollection#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Remembrance*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Remembrance, dealing Ice DMG to all enemies with a high chance of Freezing all enemies for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = Garden of Recollection
}}
'''Garden of Recollection''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|In a flourishing world of opulence, never before set foot upon by Memokeepers, you weave a brand-new visage &mdash; not too young, not too old, a face not even a mirror can capture, only in the eyes of people, as you elegantly stroll along the alleyways. You trade candy for a night of adventure from the songs of a shepherd boy and pluck a distant lover from the eyes of a sorrowful youngster. You retrieve a comrade's countenance for a wizened man, and he gifts you with the tragic war campaign of when the heavenly tower was toppled.<br /><br />Intelligent life &mdash; nothing more than mayflies in the folds of the universe. From faraway grasslands to warp jump stations that occupy half a city, their builders have experienced long stints of life. But these barely compare to the time it took for Redfeather Wolves to evolve. You know that the stories before you will eventually fade away, but in the paradise that transcends the physical, there are memories that remain immortal.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Who... are you? A ghost, floating here in space? No, no &mdash; this liberation from the body is something known as a "meme." It was in Talia &mdash; your hometown, with all its nuclear waste and mutant rats &mdash; that THEY heard your prayer and revealed THEMSELF to you.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Your hometown? Isn't your home system Heldorin? Your foster dad, who worked so hard to bring you up, sent you off to Arboran on a transport vessel. There, you murdered a highly-respected Architect and were sentenced to death, whereupon you were tossed into the upper atmosphere and burnt to ashes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That seems a little messed up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think the first half lines up with the second half.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Quick, run! You spin around with no idea where to run. Let's go to the New Londinium! But your ship has just had one of its engines shot up by a passing bounty hunter. Fool! Karchyn is smaller than Vonwacq, so you could always paddle across.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' After far too much cloning and going back and forth, the collected memories piled up inside the body haphazardly. Unbound, they collide with each other in the information-medium of memes, blurring the original sense of cognition. Before they devour you, you must go back there.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Back... where? And also... who are you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A meme?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Following the route in your memory, you see that pure, beautiful stretch of the world unfold before you. It peels off your corrupted exterior and seals it all away. The tide inside your heart washes over and over your existence, cleansing away all the filth and leaving behind a thread of authenticity: Your pure self.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Now then, can you please answer this question? Who are you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A Memokeeper.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You float about peacefully in the blankness like a cloud, emotionless as you return to tranquility.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Garden of Recollection
|zhs  = 流光忆庭
|zht  = 流光憶庭
|ja   = ガーデン・オブ・リコレクション
|ko   = 기억의 정원
|es   = Jardín de los Recuerdos
|fr   = Jardin de la mémoire
|ru   = Сад воспоминаний
|th   = สวนประกายความทรงจำ
|vi   = Sảnh Đường Hồi Ức
|de   = Garten des Gedächtnisses
|id   = Garden of Recollection
|pt   = Jardim da Recordação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}