<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Masked Fools#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Elation*16
|effect   = Can consume 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Elation, dealing Follow-up ATK DMG of a random Type to all enemies for {{Color|h|5}} – {{Color|h|10}} time(s). And all allies' Basic ATK/Skill/Ultimate DMG are all considered as Follow-up ATK DMG, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s).
|mentions = Masked Fools
}}
'''Masked Fools''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Farroke's fine wines are galactically renowned. Their complex brewing artisanship and exquisite flavors are only privy to the most luxurious of banquets, where only one bottle can be served, for their esteemed guests to savor with relish. What they will never know is how you conjured up a dynasty's providence into it, packaged it into utmost elegance, so that when they imbibe the secretions of the Bomu protozoa, they do so with an expression of uppity glee.<br /><br />The compatriots in the tavern all hug their bellies in jovial banter, while the attendant Bragi presents you with a half-full crystal glass &mdash; to score this joke with drink instead of words. The beverage is slightly bitter with a rosy fragrance, concocted from a fruit extracted from bitter hatred felt after falling from great heights. You satisfactorily sip on it, your mask concealing your expression, and listen to even more stories among the raucous clamor.<br /><br />Among the wanton flow of soda, the collapse of inorganic judges, and the frozen lands of splintered realms, the glass runs dry before you realize.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' At the Interastral Peace Network's auction, there's a painting from the Demeter system: In a shoddy lotus pond, you can make out the rough outline of a primate reaching out its hand to scoop out a sun from the water. After a calligraphy appraisal, the painter is discovered to be none other than one of the supposedly untalented artists of the Kora people!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Heated discussion from various factions swamps the auction, and projections of self-proclaimed scholars and collectors rush to materialize at the venue, each eagerly competing for the debut artwork created by a Demeter artist.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let the auction begin!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Your shout stuns the other attendees, who look on. Despite the extraordinary value of the item before them, none dares cast the first bid.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "One hundred thousand credits!" Goodness knows who flicked that frenzied switch on, but a stream of exorbitant bubbles began to froth up out of the roiling crowd before being popped aside by all-new bids.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As the influential Duke of Hattler called out a top bid of ten million credits, you signal to your colleagues to quit their calling out and strike the gavel decisively.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Great taste.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Congratulations.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Of course, as an experienced collector he will only be stumping up such an astronomical sum after the second appraisal viewing. But your show has already begun, and by the time he realizes it's all just monkeys tapping on typewriters, Demeter has become a mess.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The Kora people, who cannot even adapt to a Synesthesia Beacon, could never have imagined so many ugly jokers from the sky descending upon their caves.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would you like some snacks?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would you like a drink?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You shove aside the sales trolley and see people shouting "art" and "reward" at a troupe of apes.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Masked Fools
|zhs  = 假面愚者
|zht  = 假面愚者
|ja   = {{Rubi|仮面|かめん}}の{{Rubi|愚者|ぐしゃ}}
|ko   = 가면의 우인
|es   = Bufones Enmascarados
|fr   = Fous masqués
|ru   = Недотёпы в масках
|th   = Masked Fools
|vi   = Kẻ Ngốc Đeo Mặt Nạ
|de   = Maskierte Narren
|id   = Masked Fool
|pt   = Tolos Mascarados
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}