<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Self-Annihilator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Nihility*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Nihility. Inflicts Burn, Shock, Bleed, and 2 stacks of Wind Shear to all enemies for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s). After being attacked by a character, the aforementioned DoTs immediately deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|25%}} of the original DMG.
|mentions = Self-Annihilators
}}
'''Self-Annihilator''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The spiraling, fathomless abyss hovers in the misted dream, deeper and darker than the dimmest corner of the world, where even the lightless background can also cast slices of shadows on it. You gaze at that vortex, your life infinitely extended, diced into shards that flow and fall, from the ground into the sky. You jump up, hoping to keep your doppelganger. But when you stretch out your hand to touch it, all you can feel is a cold wall.<br /><br />This is your home, but it may also not be, your memories full of holes gradually rotting away. You see your other self walk out, open the door, but fall right into darkness with one step. You try to rush over and catch him, but you just can't seem to find your vanished arms.<br /><br />You raise your head in bewilderment &mdash; the sun has sunk into the great sea, and like melted flakes of snow, you also start to melt. You are fading into yourself &mdash; perhaps you are the sun? You once again fall into the abyss.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' A dark road appears before you, like a scar carved into the dim world. You stagger up, withered limbs creaking and cracking. You move along the road almost out of instinct as sharp thorns pierce into you, but you have long forgotten any sense of pain &mdash; perhaps even your entire body, so that you cannot even tell the difference between dreams and reality.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The path grows narrower, like a rope. You can see the city on both sides, and a butterfly floating past in the air. What a pity. You hope it won't drown in the air.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is the butterfly?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is death?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You have no interest in finding the answer to the problem. You dully observe your festering self to be verging on collapse, like a baby watching an anthill being flooded by the rains. The ants float on the water until the weather clears, and they start to rot into the soil.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You will also become like an ant, helplessly and unconsciously moving on down the line, sliding up toward the sky.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want things to end up like this!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There we go.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Your voice is swallowed up by your broken throat, and you cannot say a thing. Luckily, this should be the final thing that you ever lose, and you will never again feel any pain or sadness because of it. Things are just like returning to the womb, as you gradually lose your limbs and shrink back into an embryo, converging into a single cell.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The path beneath you disappears, and you no longer have any grasp on eternity. It snaps, letting you fall down into the abyss at the edge of the horizon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Everything falls silent.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Self-Annihilator
|zhs  = 自灭者
|zht  = 自滅者
|ja   = {{Rubi|自滅者|じめつしゃ}}
|ko   = 자멸자
|es   = Autodestructor
|fr   = Auto-annihilateur
|ru   = Самоуничтожитель
|th   = ผู้ทำลายตน
|vi   = Kẻ Tự Hủy Diệt
|de   = Selbstvernichter
|id   = Self-Annihilator
|pt   = Autoaniquilador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}