<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm King Progeny#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Propagation*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use this ability and trigger Boundary Resonance with the Path of Propagation. Enables a target ally to immediately take action and recover {{Color|h|5}} Skill Point(s). Gains the {{Trait|Levitation}} effect. When any enemy unit gets defeated by a character that has {{Trait|Levitation}}, Boundary Equation regenerates {{Color|h|50}} Energy, with the Max Energy set at 200.
|mentions = Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Swarm King Progeny''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Circling over a world already extinct, the radiating deathly rays devoured all fleshly things that once breathed, including your dying offspring. They gather into a river, wriggling across a barren wasteland. But worry not &mdash; drink off their juices, scatter your spores, and more offspring armed with piercing shrieks will be born. Their tender shells have not yet been tempered by fire, and only by being the last standing, shedding layers of their shackles, can they witness the return of the Imperator Insectorum.<br /><br />You have not heard THEIR voice for too long, but the hold of time is far too weak to a Swarm King. Even if you traveled to the ends of the cosmos, you would not be too perplexed by THEIR silence. The tides of propagation do not cease. The insects are chosen between die and being killed. They will evolve, break out of their molted shells and be reborn, just like THEM.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' This aromatic new world is dotted with meatballs of all sizes. The lush green mountains can stay behind, and too comfortable an environment can cause newborn larvae to molt early. If you eat too much meat, the sweet plants can moisten your lips. However, the cloud cover here is altogether too thick, and the long rainy season will impact the movement of elytra.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You stick out the shining device on your belly, and the radiation evaporates all the water droplets inside the cloud. They float up, condensing as they hit cold air before falling down as heavy rain.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get closer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Decrease your altitude.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You flap your wings and gradually float into the atmosphere, just like a sun. Enemies who try to draw close will be vaporized in an instant. It's a real pity, because you don't want them all to vanish like this &mdash; their larvae will starve.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You reduce the intensity of the radiation slightly, but the scorching flames still keep rising up from the ground. The boiling rain falls to the ground, evaporating as it hits high-temperature solids, and circulating through the biosphere.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get ready to attack.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The radiance of the scorching planet flickered in the starry night sky, drawing the bugs to its light. The donut-shaped pheromone distribution guided them into a spiral marching route, and the shell blotted out the sky, casting a shadow on the surface of the planet.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' All the steel creations capable of counter-attacking have now been paralyzed, and the bugs now plunge into the sea, greedily guzzling down on the creatures that hide in the water.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Start eating.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rest a while.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You land on the ground. Heavy rain continues to fall, smacking onto your back and evaporating into steam.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Truly an extraordinarily warm moment.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm King Progeny
|zhs  = 孳孽王虫
|zht  = 孳孽王蟲
|ja   = {{Rubi|災禍|さいか}}を{{Rubi|生|う}}む{{Rubi|王蟲|おうちゅう}}
|ko   = 번식의 왕충
|es   = Progenie del Rey del Enjambre
|fr   = Progéniture du Roi de l'Essaim
|ru   = Потомство повелителя жуков
|th   = ทายาทแห่งราชาแมลง
|vi   = Bọ Chúa Tạo Nghiệt
|de   = Schwarmkönig der Ausgeburt
|id   = Swarm King Progeny
|pt   = Progênie da Majestade do Enxame
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}