<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Architects#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Preservation*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Preservation. Provides all allies with a Shield that can absorb DMG equal to {{Color|h|80%}} of their respective Max HP, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). Based on the total Shield Effect of all allies, deals Physical DMG to all enemies.
|mentions = Bavelli-3; The Architects
}}
'''The Architects''' was a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|When distant worlds fade away amidst the howls of destruction, the people of Bavelli-3 would have never once fathomed that the ray storm heralding death and destruction would penetrate the magnetic field's protective measures, stripping their flesh from their bones. You lean against a window aboard the interstellar rescue ship, witnessing your homeland with your brethren rotting away, now a horrific hellhole. Even if you managed to flee in time, you'd have to sustain your health with genetic reconstruction medication for the rest of your life.<br /><br />The reaper is a madman, knocking on the gates of every civilization without warning or notice. You finally understand the meaning of the wall-building journey of that "foolish" god: To survive, one must prepare for a rainy day. Your world may be dead, but there are many more who still hold the right to live. You will build high walls for them, with their towering shadows interwoven into mountains that will blanket the sky, like the embracing arms of their mothers and fathers that will protect them from rain and snow, storm, and frost.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The underground alarms are ringing on the Resplendence, the highest-level threat looming. Locked and loaded, the Annihilation Gang has assembled thousands of warships and is ready to peel open this fruit of "Preservation" &mdash; eat its flesh and bone, while grinding its seeds to dust.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The high walls of the Architects can finally demonstrate their role under close scrutiny. People praise you for your vision, but you can't help but feel a shred of loneliness deep inside. You, the builder of this fortress, are also the one who least wishes to see it put into action.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' In the blink of an eye, fierce artillery rains down on the barrier protecting the planet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fight back.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stay your ground.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' A deafening roar was accompanied by violent tremors, signifying that the first line of defense had been breached. The shield covering the sky shattered under the withering attack, showering voluminous shards onto the second protective barrier.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' No longer under the sky dome's protection, the densely-packed weaponry on the second protective barrier unleashed free bursts of firepower on the enemy ships. Attack is the best defense &mdash; even the Architects know that much.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rush to the front line.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Command from the rear.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' For the first time ever, you've truly experienced the anxiety of slowing right down to "bullet time" as the battle rages day and night atop the vaulting walls of Resplendence. A group of Architects rushes up and, when the wall collapses, even more people flood the gap to become a part of the wall's foundation.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The attacks of the Annihilation Gang grow ever fierce &mdash; but you know they have hardly anything left to give and have been forced to go all-in on this desperate battle for survival.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sun's coming up.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' With the sky dome no longer up, resplendence gazes down on the land once more. You dream of Bavelli-3, those fallen smiling as they say goodbye beneath the amber glow.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Architects
|zhs  = 筑城者
|zht  = 築城者
|ja   = {{Rubi|建創者|けんそうしゃ}}
|ko   = 축성가
|es   = Arquitectos
|fr   = Architectes
|ru   = Архитекторы
|th   = ผู้สร้างเมือง
|vi   = Đấng Kiến Tạo
|de   = Architekten
|id   = Architect
|pt   = Os Arquitetos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}