{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' "Ruan Mei has created a living being," [[Herta]]'s voice suddenly rings out. "It's an ordinary human, and I'd like to observe if he behaves differently in the three dimensions. I've decided to name this living being Norbati!"
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|The name's not bad.|You can appreciate this style.}}
::'''Herta:''' "Really?" Herta's lips curl into a mysterious expression, leaving you uncertain whether she was suppressing a laugh or expressing surprise. "Well, this is really..."
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "He was consumed by Amoeba Slime Molds right after he was created," [[Ruan Mei]] sighs. "I'll have to try again."
::'''Origin Universe:''' ...
::'''Origin Universe:''' According to the records of planets devoured by Cosmic Slime Molds, the so-called 'pre-dinner ritual' was actually a ceremony for the offering to freshen themselves and prepare to be devoured. Some travelers, who misunderstood the true meaning of the totem, reversed their knives and forks and waited for the match to flash three times, only to be consumed by the ancient Amoeba Slime Molds residing within the bellies of the Depth Crawler.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|I think it needs another name...|You don't like it.}}
::'''Herta:''' "I think so too, but it doesn't matter as long as it's fun."
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "He was consumed by Amoeba Slime Molds right after he was created," Ruan Mei sighs. "I'll have to try again."
::'''Origin Universe:''' ...
::'''Origin Universe:''' According to the records of planets devoured by Cosmic Slime Molds, the so-called 'pre-dinner ritual' was actually a ceremony for the offering to freshen themselves and prepare to be devoured. Some travelers, who misunderstood the true meaning of the totem, reversed their knives and forks and waited for the match to flash three times, only to be consumed by the ancient Amoeba Slime Molds residing within the bellies of the Depth Crawler.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
