{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part II
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Screwllum
}}
'''Part II''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Screwllum:''' "The data of the Cosmos is as varied as the stars embellished upon it. The original intent of the universe's creator was to instill patience and love into every ordinary being," [[Screwllum]] asks, "Inquiry, [[Herta]], what's the status of Norbati II?"
:'''Herta:''' "Well... Patience is never my forte. He has ended yet another fleeting life," Herta's voice is tinged with a hint of displeasure. "Everything went well... until he was caught up in some sort of weird war..."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|What kind of experiences did he have when he was alive?|You are curious.}}
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "According to the report... this subject had no significant accomplishments in his life. As for his interests, he loved eating flour-kneaded crust... with spicy tofu filling..." [[Ruan Mei]]'s voice trails off until she doesn't have the heart to continue.
::'''Herta:''' "That stuff is called Xiaolongbao," Herta interjects. "I've tried it before, and it's not bad, although I hate fillings with spicy sesame sauce."
::'''Screwllum:''' "Conclusion: He had a taste for food, which is extraordinary for an ordinary person."
::'''Herta:''' "Come on, Screwy. You're simply too picky about dishes," Herta retorts. "Our refreshments for afternoon tea are always Ruan Mei's pastries and your aristocratic cuisine served with machine oil... I am getting tired of them."
::'''Swarm Universe:''' As you listen to their casual chat, you suddenly realize that... During the calamity that lasted five Amber Eras, the ceaseless battles between the {{Color|Keyword|Two Scourges}} plunged countless star systems into destruction. As for how many lives perished... the actual number is simply beyond your comprehension.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Poor Norbati II.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|How did he pass away?|You are commiserative.}}
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "Life possesses a conceptual beauty, such as the symmetry of its genetic numbers and the structural beauty of its spiral patterns... But life is as fragile as dust," a hint of sadness appears in Ruan Mei's eyes. "And his life is no exception."
::'''Herta:''' "He was just a boring, ordinary man. When the war between the Swarm and beasts broke out, he was buried in a collapsing building with no superheroes coming to save him... He was even working before the earthquake!" Herta seems to have a sudden flash of inspiration. "Hey, Screwllum! Maybe we need some simulated superheroes in the Simulated Universe."
::'''Swarm Universe:''' As you listen to their casual chat, you suddenly realize that... During the calamity that lasted five Amber Eras, the ceaseless battles between the {{Color|Keyword|Two Scourges}} plunged countless star systems into destruction. As for how many lives perished... the actual number is simply beyond your comprehension.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Poor Norbati II.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part II
|zhs  = 其二
|zht  = 其二
|ja   = その2
|ko   = II
|es   = Parte II
|fr   = Partie II
|ru   = II
|th   = ตอน 2
|vi   = Phần 2
|de   = Teil 2
|id   = Bagian II
|pt   = Parte II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
