{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Screwllum
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Screwllum:''' "That great being was devoted to becoming a master pastry chef." [[Screwllum]] turns the gears on his glasses, studying the details of the latest subject's fate. "He declined the help from the superheroes, stating that he would only return to us once he had perfected the art of baking. And he believed that the key to tasty Xiaolongbao was in the thin pastry."
:'''Screwllum:''' "Conclusion: Organic beings can be complex in their minds, which is highly commendable," states Screwllum, in his refined demeanor. "He pounded the crust and refused to leave his bakery shop, even when it collapsed from an earthquake."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Will he return?|You are suspicious.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' He won't be coming! Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow... However long you wait for Norbati, he will not come.
::'''Herta:''' "Why didn't you just ask your superheroes bring him and his Xiaolongbao back together?" [[Herta]] asks. "But don't worry, for Norbati III will carry the will of his predecessors on his shoulders and live on!"
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "That won't be necessary," replies [[Ruan Mei]]. "The experiment ends here. I'll choose another life form next time."
::'''Herta:''' "Is this the end?" Herta's voice carries a hint of reluctance. "Well, I don't think either Screwllum or I know you well... but it doesn't matter. The experiment is over! As for Norbati III... Screwllum will be taking care of him. Well, those screws will take good care of him."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|I want to leave a scathing review.|You can't stand it.}}
::'''Herta:''' "Why didn't you just ask your superheroes bring him and his Xiaolongbao back together?" Herta asks. "But don't worry, for Norbati III will carry the will of his predecessors on his shoulders and live on!"
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "That won't be necessary," replies Ruan Mei. "The experiment ends here. I'll choose another life form next time."
::'''Herta:''' "Is this the end?" Herta's voice carries a hint of reluctance. "Well, I don't think either Screwllum or I know you well... but it doesn't matter. The experiment is over! As for Norbati III... Screwllum will be taking care of him. Well, those screws will take good care of him."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part III
|zhs  = 其三
|zht  = 其三
|ja   = その3
|ko   = III
|es   = Parte III
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;III
|ru   = III
|th   = ตอน 3
|vi   = Phần 3
|de   = Teil 3
|id   = Bagian III
|pt   = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
