<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Boat of Intoxication#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*2
|path2    = Harmony*2
|effect   = "{{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|61000054}}" DMG dealt by ally targets can ignore Weakness Type and reduce {{Color|h|1}} Toughness from enemy targets. In a single attack, this effect can be triggered against each enemy target up to {{Color|h|10}} time(s).
|mentions = Phagousa
}}
'''Boat of Intoxication''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Allow me to tell you of a ludicrous fleet, with the flagship the runk White Siren.<br />Phagousa bless them. They used the honey brew of Mythemis to start a great fire,<br />Every warship was bathed in the enchanted liquor.<br />The drunk sailors clung to the ship's railings, spouting gibberish.<br />The old captain at the banquet started brawling the sea.<br />The deranged warships plunged into the ocean like a whale pod and suddenly surfaced again, sending waves,<br />Smashing sea monsters and enemies into pieces, and leaving enraging allies behind.<br />In the end, the sailors all drifted with the schools of fish, lost in their drunken slumber.<br />My dear captain, along with the White Siren, sank in the amber-colored flames,<br />With the remains of burned monsters and his favorite honey brew.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Boat of Intoxication
|zhs  = 沉醉之船
|zht  = 沉醉之船
|ja   = {{Rubi|陶酔|とうすい}}の{{Rubi|船|ふね}}
|ko   = 심취한 배
|es   = Barca de la embriaguez
|fr   = Bateau de l'ivresse
|ru   = Лодка опьянения
|th   = เรือมึนเมา
|vi   = Con Thuyền Say Sưa
|de   = Schiff des Rausches
|id   = Boat of Intoxication
|pt   = Bote da Intoxicação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}