<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Child of Spiral#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Erudition*2
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = When an ally target's "{{Trait|Brain in a Vat}}" reaches 100%, increases their ATK by {{Color|h|80%}}. After using an attack, deals Additional DMG equal to {{Color|h|80%}} of ATK to the enemy target with the highest HP among the targets attacked, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Child of Spiral''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Gee, please forgive me for my lack of manners. I simply can't stop my work at hand.<br />With the sky and the blazing sun as our measure, we once forged steel birds to fly.<br />In the years before the Helix Workshop burned down, Saku basked in eternal spring.<br />Our creations could rival those made by the cities of the Sky Priest.<br />Even the Nodists came from afar to study the theories we derived.<br />But later the destruction came, and Amphoreus grew dimmer by the day.<br />Yet, the offspring of the Helix Workshop still walk the earth, burdened with heavy backpacks,<br />Traveling through the crumbling city-states to fix broken machines.<br />They are dedicated to reviving the lost technologies, knowledge, and ideals.<br />This world was once blessed by the light of our god.<br />So we shall bring back to them the light of reason and intelligence that once illuminated every corner of it.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Child of Spiral
|zhs  = 螺旋之子
|zht  = 螺旋之子
|ja   = 螺旋の子
|ko   = 나선의 아이
|es   = Hijo de la espiral
|fr   = Enfant de la spirale
|ru   = Дитя спирали
|th   = บุตรแห่งเกลียววน
|vi   = Đứa Con Của Xoắn Ốc
|de   = Kind der Helix
|id   = Child of Spiral
|pt   = Criança da Espiral
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}