<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Disoriented Hermit#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Harmony*2
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = When any ally target used an attack to inflict a debuff on enemy targets, apply {{Color|h|1}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Harmonize|61000053}}" to the enemy targets. If the targets are Weakness Broken, the applied stacks are doubled.
|mentions = Talanton
}}
'''Disoriented Hermit''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Let me share a joke with you. It's Castini, the hilarious fool who dissects fate itself.<br />This blessed one with bright eyes weaves one's destiny into myriad threads,<br />The thread ball that points out directions rolls through the labyrinth of Strife.<br />One end leads to the faint light of survival, while the other is tightly tied to the lost soul in the black tide.<br />When threads snap, they're rewoven, akin to a phoenix rising from the depths of despair.<br />However, Talanton has already balanced life and death on a scale<br />As unyielding as the Empress's law.<br />With each thread's severing, a path and its choices disappear,<br />Blinding the guide and entangling the weaver, until the only options left are death and loss.<br />I'm not certain if this journey holds any true purpose, but, my friend, you stand as the 101st soul.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Disoriented Hermit
|zhs  = 迷途隐者
|zht  = 迷途隱者
|ja   = {{Rubi|迷走|めいそう}}する{{Rubi|隠者|いんじゃ}}
|ko   = 길 잃은 은둔자
|es   = Ermitaño desorientado
|fr   = Ermite désorienté
|ru   = Заблудший отшельник
|th   = ผู้สันโดษที่หลงทาง
|vi   = Ẩn Sĩ Lạc Lối
|de   = Desorientierter Einsiedler
|id   = Disoriented Hermit
|pt   = Eremita Desorientado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}