<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fang of Dying Sun#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*2
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = Increases all ally targets' Effect RES by {{Color|h|20%}} and "{{Trait|Blazar}}" DMG dealt by {{Color|h|40%}}. When resisting debuffs, deals Additional DMG equal to {{Color|h|60%}} of "{{Trait|Blazar}}" to the target. This DMG cannot defeat enemy targets.
|mentions = Aquila
}}
'''Fang of Dying Sun''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Let me tell you about a group of headless beasts,<br />Brigands scorned even by the savage god.<br />The once-noble Bulsa royal family, now stripped of dignity,<br />Watches their land get trampled and their kingdom fall to the dominion of the Kremnoan.<br />The surviving warriors have transformed from protectors to predators, raiding and pillaging between cities.<br />Their survival instincts have twisted and corrupted, turning necessity into a savage passion.<br />The weapons once blessed by Aquila now gleam no more, degraded to mere rusting relics.<br />In a fury of savage acts, they set fire to city-states, as if by such vile means, they could somehow reclaim the lost glory of their ancestors.<br />I can't forgive the brutal slaughter on the burning fields.<br />I killed that despicable brute,<br />But their companions only laughed in defiance.<br />Maybe the true people of Bulsa are long gone,<br />Leaving only monsters in their skins to roam.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fang of Dying Sun
|zhs  = 残阳之牙
|zht  = 殘陽之牙
|ja   = {{Rubi|残陽|ざんよう}}の{{Rubi|牙|きば}}
|ko   = 석양의 이빨
|es   = Colmillo del sol muerto
|fr   = Croc du soleil mourant
|ru   = Клык умирающего солнца
|th   = เขี้ยวอาทิตย์อัสดง
|vi   = Móng Vuốt Hoàng Hôn Tàn
|de   = Fangzahn der untergehenden Sonne
|id   = Fang of Dying Sun
|pt   = Presa do Sol Moribundo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}