<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Foolish Child of Golden Blood#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*2
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = When an enemy target is defeated, increase the Charging Efficiency of "{{Trait|Blazar}}" by {{Color|h|18%}} up to a maximum of {{Color|h|3}} stack(s). Also, restores HP for all allies equal to {{Color|h|30%}} of their respective Max HP.
|mentions = Kephale
}}
'''Foolish Child of Golden Blood''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|I hate those fools and detest the shameful tragedy of mankind turning their weapons against each other.<br />The golden blood bestowed by the gods failed to revive the golden age,<br />And supernatural strength is not a synonym for virtue. Greedy souls ultimately succumb to the power of bloodlines.<br />I've witnessed armored warriors shattering city walls, robe-clad figures halting time,<br />Silent ones awakening molten lava, and the Faceless ascending to the throne.<br />The spears aimed at doom are turned against mankind themselves.<br />Benedictions, far more precious than gold, are traded for glory, wealth, and power.<br />People slay neighboring generals to prove their strength,<br />And destroy thriving city-states to uphold their fame!<br />Clashes among golden blood, wars fought over gold,<br />And prophecies for the Throne of Worlds &mdash; how many conquests have commenced in your name!}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Foolish Child of Golden Blood
|zhs  = 金血愚子
|zht  = 金血愚子
|ja   = 黄金の血を受け継ぐ愚者
|ko   = 황금 피의 어리석은 자
|es   = Necio de sangre dorada
|fr   = Enfant insensé du sang doré
|ru   = Глупое дитя золотой крови
|th   = คนเขลาโลหิตทอง
|vi   = Kẻ Ngốc Máu Vàng
|de   = Törichtes Kind aus goldenem Blut
|id   = Foolish Child of Golden Blood
|pt   = Criança Tola de Sangue Dourado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}