<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Grim Pilgrim#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*2
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = When enemy targets enter battle, they are inflicted with the Bleed effect. While Bleeding, they will take Physical DoT equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of their Max HP at the start of their turn. This DMG cannot exceed {{Color|h|200%}} of all ally targets' total HP.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Grim Pilgrim''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Beware of those fanatics, the monsters I caught a glimpse of on the trails of Hattusili.<br />Their grimy daggers are smeared with foul blood, and their unsteady eyes reflect only a void.<br />They are undoubtedly the unhallowed spawn of golden blood and dark mist, devoid of sanity since birth.<br />Otherwise, how could they assemble in crowds, sacrificing living beings to the realm of death?<br />They falsely declare that the mortal realm has turned into a hellscape, dooming all to a life of unhappiness from the moment of birth.<br />Our true sanctuary lies only in the land where flowers bloom at the end of the west wind.<br />When the last living being ceased to exist in this world, all souls will find within the divine realm of death<br />A return to the endless Golden Age.<br />I have no clue where they are now.<br />Perhaps they've already set sail on their voyage to the nether realm.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Grim Pilgrim
|zhs  = 灰黯朝圣者
|zht  = 灰黯朝聖者
|ja   = {{Rubi|暗澹|あんたん}}たる{{Rubi|巡礼者|じゅんれいしゃ}}
|ko   = 어둠의 순례자
|es   = Peregrino de las tinieblas
|fr   = Pèlerin lugubre
|ru   = Пепельно-серый паломник
|th   = ผู้แสวงบุญที่มืดมน
|vi   = Người Hành Hương U Tối
|de   = Grimmiger Pilger
|id   = Grim Pilgrim
|pt   = Peregrino Sinistro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}