<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hunter of Monstrous Beasts#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = The Hunt*2
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = Increase CRIT DMG by {{Color|h|8%}} for each stack of "{{Extra Effect|Critical Boost|61000055}}." When an ally target uses their Ultimate, inherit this max stack number and receive {{Color|h|2}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Critical Boost|61000055}}."
|mentions = Aquila; Georios
}}
'''Hunter of Monstrous Beasts''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Child, do the long ballads you sing speak of this heroine? The one beneath this gravestone?<br />Her name is Cartites, a warrior of renown long before the heroes in the Flame-Chase Journey.<br />There was the stone giant who once guarded the golden valley, forged of molten rock,<br />Embodying the rare fury of Georios.<br />There was the silver giant eagle that circled over Polis, its piercing cries shaking mortal hearts.<br />She stood tall to fight these fearsome monsters even Aquila dared not challenge.<br />She rerouted the rivers toward the valley, witnessed the giant's form cracked and crumbled as it cooled off in the rushing currents.<br />She stood atop the windmill, used wind blades to tear the diving eagle apart.<br />But now, all people remember was her fall in the war against Aidonia.<br />Regrettably, they've forgotten that her name was once roared across the sea in the hunt for beasts a hundred years ago.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hunter of Monstrous Beasts
|zhs  = 巨兽猎手
|zht  = 巨獸獵手
|ja   = {{Rubi|巨獣|きょじゅう}}ハンター
|ko   = 거대 괴수 사냥꾼
|es   = Cazador de bestias
|fr   = Chasseur de bêtes
|ru   = Охотник на монстров
|th   = นักล่าอสูรยักษ์
|vi   = Thợ Săn Quái Thú Khổng Lồ
|de   = Jäger monströser Bestien
|id   = Hunter of Monstrous Beasts
|pt   = Caçador de Feras Monstruosas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}