<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Judge of the Nightveil#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Remembrance*2
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = When a memosprite disappears, increases all ally targets' SPD by {{Color|h|25%}} and CRIT DMG by {{Color|h|100%}} for {{Color|h|5}} turn(s).
|mentions = Oronyx
}}
'''Judge of the Nightveil''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|As night descends, let me share some tales from my everyday life. May truth shine bright forever.<br />The great blessers foresee the future through the prophecies of Oronyx,<br />Whereas those who are feared and loathed lift the Veil of Evernight to glimpse into the past.<br />The predetermined past is woven into the fabric of fate, revealing the fragments of memories,<br />No sins can escape the piercing gaze of judgment.<br />Murderers have no place to hide, for the miracles revealed by the gods embody the very essence of truth.<br />Thieves vanish into the shadows, for the tapestry of time eventually unveils their hidden traces.<br />Yet people's fear outweighs their reverence, as no secret can escape our vigilant gaze.<br />Cowardice mingles with murderous intent, and love intertwines with ambition. We are summoned, yet we are expelled.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Judge of the Nightveil
|zhs  = 夜帷裁断官
|zht  = 夜帷裁斷官
|ja   = {{Rubi|夜|よる}}の{{Rubi|帳|とばり}}の{{Rubi|裁断官|さいだんかん}}
|ko   = 밤의 장막의 재판관
|es   = Juez del velo de la noche
|fr   = Juge du voile nocturne
|ru   = Судья ночной завесы
|th   = ผู้ตัดสินใต้ราตรี
|vi   = Người Phán Quyết Màn Đêm
|de   = Richter des Nachtschleiers
|id   = Judge of the Nightveil
|pt   = Juiz do Véu da Noite
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}