<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Law's Arbitrators#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = The Hunt*2
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = For every "{{Trait|Murmur}}" Charge that equals to 1% of the clearing threshold, increases CRIT DMG taken by enemy targets by {{Color|h|1%}}, up to {{Color|h|150%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Law's Arbitrators''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Unlike your idle songs, this is a serious matter, a matter of principle.<br />Laws and rules have forged the foundation of Amphoreus, so it mustn't waive.<br />Balance is the way all things work, so it mustn't be distorted.<br />We replace the scales with two swords, punishing injustice in all forms.<br />By the judgment of the city alliance, we assume the duty left by gods long fallen.<br />You and I both know the accused is innocent.<br />But innocence does not absolve him of consequence.<br />Persuasion and reason may have their place, but judgment is no farce. We will hold no votes, no referendum, unlike the citizens' assembly.<br />The stars and moon do not change their course for poetry, and the law sheds no tears for death.<br />Begone. You are not the first to beg for mercy, and you will not be the last.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Law's Arbitrators
|zhs  = 律法裁断官
|zht  = 律法裁斷官
|ja   = {{Rubi|律法|りっぽう}}の{{Rubi|裁断官|さいだんかん}}
|ko   = 율볍의 재판관
|es   = Árbitro de la ley
|fr   = Arbitres de la loi
|ru   = Арбитры права
|th   = ผู้ตัดสินทางกฎหมาย
|vi   = Thẩm Phán Luật Pháp
|de   = Schiedsrichter des Gesetzes
|id   = Law's Arbitrators
|pt   = Árbitros da Lei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}