<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Nodist School#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Erudition*2
|path2    = Harmony*2
|effect   = When ally characters use Ultimate to attack, CRIT DMG dealt increases by {{Color|h|60%}}, and the attack ignores Weakness Types to additionally reduce {{Color|h|5}} Toughness.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Nodist School''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|You must've heard the Amphoreus' proverb, "all knotted on a single thread."<br />But what you might not know is that the Nodists invented it.<br />Those mathematicians buried in calculation drafts are supporters of the Great Unity philosophy.<br />After the careful calculations and extrapolations by the founder of Nodism,<br />they claim that the origin of all things is but a bunch of numbers,<br />and we're different from ants only because the order of our numbers is different.<br />Like knots on a thread, only our placements and how we're tied differ.<br />In line with this philosophy, we're akin to ants, and Titans are akin to us.<br />But I'm rather troubled. If the world is just a bunch of numbers,<br />why do those mathematicians still eat bread and drink honey?<br />They can simply eat their calculation drafts instead, no?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Nodist School
|zhs  = 绳结学派
|zht  = 繩結學派
|ja   = {{Rubi|結縄学派|けつじょうがくは}}
|ko   = 노두스 학파
|es   = Escuela Nodista
|fr   = École nœudiste
|ru   = Школа узелков
|th   = สำนักเงื่อนคำนวณ
|vi   = Học Phái Dây Thừng
|de   = Denkschule des Nodismus
|id   = Nodist School
|pt   = Escola Nodista
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}