<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Passenger of River of Souls#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*2
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = Increases DoT dealt by ally targets by {{Color|h|50%}}. When enemy targets enter battle, they become afflicted with "Observed." At the start of the turn, they take Fire DoT equal to {{Color|h|75%}} {{Trait|base DMG}}. This DMG increases by {{Color|h|1%}} for every stack of "{{Trait|Obsession}}" possessed by all ally targets.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Passenger of River of Souls''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Let me tell you a terrifying nightmare, souls that wander lost in nether realm.<br />As death floods the plains and the River of Souls drowns the mortal realm,<br />The water that should divide life and death now echoes with the calls of ferrymen.<br />The deceased who walk toward you smiles like a chill that cuts into your bones.<br />As the eternal night shrouds the sky, the deceased spirits walk into the dream of a city-state.<br />Come with us, to the end of the west wind.<br />Come with us, board their wooden ships.<br />And soon, the river silently swallows another piece of land.<br />Can the dead tempt the living into their realm? Or is this merely a sweet dream on the verge of death?<br />Leave this place now, lost poet.<br />Do not believe in those whispers, and never look back.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Passenger of River of Souls
|zhs  = 冥河渡客
|zht  = 冥河渡客
|ja   = ステュクスの{{Rubi|船客|せんきゃく}}
|ko   = 저승의 강을 건너는 자
|es   = Pasajero del río Estigia
|fr   = Passager de la Rivière des âmes
|ru   = Идущий по Реке душ
|th   = ผู้ข้ามแม่น้ำอนธการ
|vi   = Người Qua Sông Styx
|de   = Passagier auf dem Fluss der Seelen
|id   = Passenger of River of Souls
|pt   = Passageiro do Rio das Almas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}