<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Red Moon's Messenger#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*2
|path2    = Elation*2
|effect   = Increases "{{Trait|Blazar}}" Base Value by {{Color|h|50%}}. After any ally target launches a Follow-up ATK, the ally target with the lowest current HP percentage restores HP equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of their Max HP.
|mentions = Zagreus
}}
'''Red Moon's Messenger''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|I inscribed those despicable villains onto the stone tablet, so that you may know<br />Why Paestum fell overnight.<br />The messengers of calamity divined of the Thief Star upon the ground, declaring that the end is nigh.<br />Why not live it up, embracing every forbidden delight? Revel in hedonism and plunge into games without reserve!<br />If you have a grudge, pierce your enemy's chests right now.<br />If you have no worries, then scatter your life's savings across the streets.<br />Gamblers wager their souls, and thieves break down doors with bold strides and snatch gold coins with glee.<br />The crimson moon never rises, yet the honest speak lies, the revered choke the life out of their loved ones<br />The children who smiled warmly at others yesterday transform into minions of Zagreus overnight.<br />You ask why I'm still alive? There's only one means to survive.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Red Moon's Messenger
|zhs  = 红月使者
|zht  = 紅月使者
|ja   = {{Rubi|赤|あか}}の{{Rubi|月|つき}}の{{Rubi|使者|ししゃ}}
|ko   = 붉은 달의 사자
|es   = Emisario de la luna escarlata
|fr   = Messager de la lune rouge
|ru   = Посланник красной луны
|th   = ผู้ส่งสารจันทร์สีชาด
|vi   = Sứ Giả Trăng Đỏ
|de   = Bote des roten Mondes
|id   = Red Moon's Messenger
|pt   = Mensageiro da Lua Vermelha
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}