<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sand Scribe#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Erudition*2
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = When characters use Ultimate, gains {{Color|h|2}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Obsession|61000049}}" for themselves and their memosprite, increases SPD by {{Color|h|15%}}, and increases ATK by {{Color|h|70%}}, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Sand Scribe''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|My cousin Titanis is one of the chroniclers who watch over the Hourglass.<br />The fingers of time drew river ways, time flowing through them.<br />The earth quietly stood by, bearing the weight of centuries.<br />The chroniclers gathered grains of sand from the riverbank and put them in the hourglass.<br />Each grain of sand would release a piece of history it bore.<br />Once, it was the short sword of Icatus, swept away by war,<br />Eroded by the River of Souls, lost to the currents for a century.<br />Once, it was a statue from Epos, fallen into the abyss in the wake of conflict, brought ashore by the playful beasts of legend.<br />A benediction from the earth and time enables us to read the past from the sand.<br />They believe that as long as there are those who read the stories of Amphoreus, the world shall never perish.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sand Scribe
|zhs  = 沙粒记述官
|zht  = 沙粒記述官
|ja   = {{Rubi|砂粒|さりゅう}}の{{Rubi|記録官|きろくかん}}
|ko   = 모래알 기록관
|es   = Escriba de las arenas
|fr   = Scribe des sables
|ru   = Песчаный писец
|th   = ผู้บันทึกเม็ดทราย
|vi   = Quan Ghi Chép Hạt Cát
|de   = Sandschreiber
|id   = Sand Scribe
|pt   = Escriba da Areia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}