<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Society of Disappointment#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*2
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = When any enemy targets are defeated, regenerates {{Color|h|5}} Energy for all allies for every Burn, Shock, Bleed, or Wind Shear states they possess.
|mentions = Georios; Janus
}}
'''Society of Disappointment''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|I am the last member and survivor of our society.<br />In Amphoreus, we were the foremost experts on the Titans,<br />Having mastered the twelve rituals and ceremonies of worship.<br />But the golden age has long crumbled into dust.<br />If they indeed forged our world,<br />Why did the creator Janus lose their Coreflame first?<br />The gods we once worshiped have not died, so what purpose does our praise serve?<br />All my life's learning and pursuits have proven to be mere illusions.<br />We once saw the Flame-Chase as a rational means of salvation,<br />And our voices can still be heard even in the countless schemes to slay the gods.<br />Yet, the scars on the land that ravage life<br />Is evidence of Georios' fall.<br />I admit our errors, but the ultimate despair<br />Lies in the realization that perhaps there was never a right path in this world.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Society of Disappointment
|zhs  = 失意结社
|zht  = 失意結社
|ja   = 失意結社
|ko   = 낙담 협회
|es   = Sociedad de la decepción
|fr   = Société du Désespoir
|ru   = Общество отчаяния
|th   = สมาคมความผิดหวัง
|vi   = Hội Thất Vọng
|de   = Frustrationsgesellschaft
|id   = Society of Disappointment
|pt   = Sociedade da Decepção
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}