<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sophist of Gods#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*2
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = After an ally uses an Ultimate, when using the next attack, deals "{{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|61000054}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|240%}} ATK {{Color|h|1}} time(s) to the target.
|mentions = Aquila; Kephale; Phagousa; Zagreus
}}
'''Sophist of Gods''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Allow me to tell you of a group of lunatics, disciples of deception.<br />They were thieves who lived off debate, gambling with a single gold coin,<br />And were eager to see who would cower away first.<br />It's known to the mankind that Aquila reigns over the sky, while Phagousa rules the seas.<br />But they argued that the falling raindrops were the scattered scale powder of butterflies.<br />Is sleep a gentle caress from the death, or the whisper of the night?<br />But they dared claim it was the gift of Zagreus.<br />Blasphemous! How could they have named Kephale the Father of the Earth?<br />They lobbied the city-states to smash the statues of butterflies, reshaping them into spiders.<br />The sages were left speechless before these unreasonable scoundrels, their faces flushed with indignation, shouting and protesting in vain.<br />The gods and their authority were reduced to mere props in their ridiculous performance.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sophist of Gods
|zhs  = 诸神诡辩家
|zht  = 諸神詭辯家
|ja   = {{Rubi|神々|かみがみ}}を{{Rubi|噂|うわさ}}する{{Rubi|詭弁家|きべんか}}
|ko   = 신들의 궤변가
|es   = Sofista de los dioses
|fr   = Sophiste des dieux
|ru   = Софист богов
|th   = นักโต้แย้งทวยเทพ
|vi   = Kẻ Ngụy Biện Chư Thần
|de   = Sophist der Götter
|id   = Sophist of Gods
|pt   = Sofista das Divindades
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}