<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Thief Musician#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Propagation*2
|path2    = Elation*2
|effect   = For every Skill Point used by an ally target, the next attack applies "{{Trait|Aftertaste}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|70%}} ATK to the target, stacking up to {{Color|h|3}} time(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Thief Musician''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Don't blame me for being so harsh. Had it not been for those swindlers, how could we have been so wary?<br />When the shadow of calamity descended upon the village, the minstrels came, singing and dancing.<br />Cloaked in black satin, their beautiful faces carried a tinge of melancholy.<br />They danced barefoot. Their steps echoed in harmony with the harp and the drums.<br />The young girls, irresistibly drawn, danced around the bonfire,<br />While the young boys left their fields, gathering in a circle, shoulder to shoulder.<br />They whispered sweet words to the minstrels, draped themselves in satin,<br />And painted their faces with honey, crafting the same patterns.<br />The music, the dance and the sweet nothings bewitched their souls.<br />The girls and boys followed the minstrels into the deep night, never to return.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Thief Musician
|zhs  = 贼乐师
|zht  = 賊樂師
|ja   = {{Rubi|盗賊楽師|とうぞくがくし}}
|ko   = 도적 악사
|es   = Robamúsica
|fr   = Musicien voleur
|ru   = Вор-музыкант
|th   = จอมโจรนักดนตรี
|vi   = Người Đạo Nhạc
|de   = Diebischer Musikant
|id   = Thief Musician
|pt   = Ladrão Musicista
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}