<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#War Scribes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*2
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = Ally targets' Max HP increases by {{Color|h|40%}}. When entering battle or summoning memosprite, charges "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" equal to {{Color|h|100%}} of each unit's Max HP. Then, when the next turn begins, "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" is not depleted.
|mentions = 
}}
'''War Scribes''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|In Castrum Kremnos where military might is prized above all, there is a unique group of scholars &mdash;<br />they wield pens instead of swords, but still receive high respect from the Kremnoans. They are the war scribes.<br />They lay foot on every blood-soaked battlefield where the chariots have been,<br />carrying scrolls that merely repeat "victory" and "overwhelming victory".<br />Not because they value brevity,<br />but because they would waste no time or parchment on easy victories.<br />They enjoy every disadvantageous battle, carving lessons from cadaverous failures and analyzing lessons learned.<br />And when their enemies finally kneel, they casually scribble "Overwhelming Victory" again.<br />The Grove of Epiphany refuses to acknowledge them as scholars, for they only serve wars.<br />The scribes couldn't care less, for they much prefer to call themselves warriors.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = War Scribes
|zhs  = 战争记录官
|zht  = 戰爭紀錄官
|ja   = {{Rubi|戦争記録官|せんそうきろくかん}}
|ko   = 전쟁 기록관
|es   = Escriba de guerra
|fr   = Scribes de guerre
|ru   = Военные писцы
|th   = ผู้บันทึกสงคราม
|vi   = Quan Ghi Chép Chiến Tranh
|de   = Kriegsschreiber
|id   = War Scribes
|pt   = Escribas da Guerra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}