<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wave-Chasing Siren#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*2
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = Increases the Follow-up ATK DMG dealt by ally targets by {{Color|h|75%}}. After launching a Follow-up ATK, there is a {{Color|h|30%}} fixed chance to recover 1 Skill Point.
|mentions = Mnestia; Phagousa
}}
'''Wave-Chasing Siren''' is a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Well, I never expected to encounter a fellow entertainer here on the sea. Hic.<br />Hey, humans on the ship, you'd better not get startled by my otherworldly appearance.<br />Phagousa was so drunk when they created me<br />That they added too much seaweed and algae for me, making me less charming than my siblings.<br />But I have my own strength. In terms of making music, no one rivals me except Hysilens who stands by your Empress' side.<br />Believe it or not, even Mnestia would call me their master.<br />Hey, what are you doing there? Easy! I won't seek revenge for the fall of that old timer.<br />Before the black tide takes the ocean in, let's revel the night away!<br />I sing, and you will play, that one-eyed bard over there.<br />Let's wager our finest honey brew and see who the guests aboard will cheer for!}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wave-Chasing Siren
|zhs  = 逐浪海妖
|zht  = 逐浪海妖
|ja   = {{Rubi|波|なみ}}を{{Rubi|追|お}}う{{Rubi|海妖|かいよう}}
|ko   = 파도를 쫓는 세이렌
|es   = Sirena persigueolas
|fr   = Sirène chasseuse de vagues
|ru   = Гонящаяся за волнами сирена
|th   = ปีศาจเกลียวคลื่น
|vi   = Siren Săn Sóng
|de   = Wellenjagende Sirene
|id   = Wave-Chasing Siren
|pt   = Sereia Perseguidora de Ondas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}