<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm: Nest Exploration (Third Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19001-4
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 036
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Swarm: Nest Exploration (Third Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Kill them.
|result_1 = Discard 1 Blessing and enter 1 battle.

|choice_2 = Leave hurriedly.
|result_2 = Discard 1 random Blessing(s).

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into a high-tech, streamlined suspended matrix &mdash; a trap you believe to be used only by the most cutting-edge hunter on the Planet Snowland.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You get to your feet and find yourself landing before the entrance of a lair. You draw the curtain open and recognize the Combatobugs. As ground combat units, they traded their flying abilities in exchange for heavy and rigid exoskeletons.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' These Combatobugs make a sucking sound... You hesitate to enter the lair and hunt for them, as you might find yourself coated in the insects' scent and incur more unwanted attention...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Kill them. &mdash; Discard 1 Blessing and enter 1 battle.
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Juvenile Sting*3; Lesser Sting*1}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave hurriedly. &mdash; Discard 1 random Blessing(s).
:;(Discard 1 1-3 star Blessing)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You flee in a hurry, hoping you didn't get the scent of Combatobug's on you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm: Nest Exploration (Third Praetorian)
|zhs  = 虫潮•虫巢探险（三级卫戍）
|zht  = 蟲潮•蟲巢探險（三級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|潮|しお}}・{{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|巣|す}}{{Rubi|探険|たんけん}}（{{Rubi|三級守備|さんきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 곤충 파도•곤충집 탐험(3급 경비)
|es   = Enjambre: Exploración del nido (tercer pretoriano)
|fr   = Exploration du nid de l'Essaim (troisième prétorien)
|ru   = Жужжание: Экспедиция по гнезду (гарнизон ур. 3)
|th   = คลื่นแมลง: สำรวจรังแมลง (กองกำลังระดับ 3)
|vi   = Côn Trùng - Khám Phá Ổ Côn Trùng (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 3)
|de   = Der Schwarm: Nesterkundung (Garnisonsstufe 3)
|id   = Swarm: Eksplorasi Sarang Serangga (Garnisun Tingkat 3)
|pt   = Enxame: Exploração de Ninho (Terceiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}