<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Back in Business (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003205
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Back in Business (II).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Back in Business (II)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Lianyan; Mingxi; Sushang; Trailblazer; Voice Full of Vicissitudes; Yukong
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = Dock Operations (II)
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*5; Lost Crystal*5; Credit*45,000
}}
'''''Back in Business (II)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]] event.

==Steps==
# Speak with Mingxi
# Head to Oldies Depot and learn about the president's viewpoint
# Speak with Yukong

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Mingxi{{subst:void|<!--800320501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|Miss Secretary seems to have something urgent to tell you. It can't be Skott's reckoning, can it?<br />The revival of Aurum Alley is no easy task, and you're beginning to feel the full weight of the efforts demanded.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 186.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' There's been an unexpected change in plans &mdash; I've received word that the president has ordered me to stop all upgrades to the dock immediately.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does he know how important it is to upgrade the dock?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 187.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' There's no way he couldn't know.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe he's an IPC spy?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 188.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Now's not the time for jokes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe he knows when it's time to give up hope.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 189.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Now's not the time for jokes.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 190.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I'm also confused. Let's go have a word with him.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 191.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I sent a message to Sushang telling her to meet up at Oldies Depot.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Oldies Depot and learn about the president's viewpoint{{subst:void|<!--800320502-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|The IPC is trying to stop the revival of Aurum Alley in order to obtain the developmental rights for the area for themselves, but what does the president desire out of this situation? Perhaps only he can explain his own motive.<br />Head to Oldies Depot and ask him. He's been hiding in a shop filled with second-hand goods all this time &mdash; he can't possibly be a second-hand good himself, right?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:<!--2-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 101.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Good, they've arrived.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Madam Yukong, you're here too?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 102.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I also have something I wish to discuss with the Merchant Guild, but I'll wait for you to finish.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're going to pay a visit to the president!
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 177.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Will we actually get to see him this time?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait, I get it... the president doesn't even exist!
:::<!--0.8-second delay-->
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 178.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' What? I hadn't even considered something like that.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} President, get your butt out here!
:::<!--0.8-second delay-->
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 179.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Yeah, we know you're in there. Open the door!
:::<!--3-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 120.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' The president fully appreciates your efforts and knows what you want to ask.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 121.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' He believes that continuing to upgrade the dock, a strategy that is not fundamentally different from that of the IPC, will only destroy the unique character of Aurum Alley.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 122.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' Aurum Alley is a place brimming with personality &mdash; from the delicious food to the cultural antiques. Everything is built around visiting tourists and local residents, and that's what makes it such a special place.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 123.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' Based on historical data, continued development of the shipping operations will turn the area into a giant warehouse. The more the shipping capacity is increased, the less attractions there will be for visitors. Such an outcome is unacceptable for the shopkeepers and community of Aurum Alley.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 180.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...Ugh, historical data isn't my forte. You better be telling the truth!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We have to keep upgrading the dock.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We should ask the merchants about this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I agree with the president in upholding tradition.
:<!--0.8-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 192.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' ...
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 103.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Very well, I believe it's my turn to speak.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 104.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' The Sky-Faring Commission has received a joint request from several merchants concerning the reorganization of the Merchant Guild. Mr. President, the merchants would like you to resign as the president of the Guild.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 101.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' There has come a day... that the merchants of Aurum Alley have betrayed me?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 102.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' I won't give up the vision I've built for Aurum Alley, let alone step down from my duties.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 181.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Is that the president speaking?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 105.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' It is not my intention to interfere with the Merchant Guild's affairs, but as an old friend I would like to remind you that Aurum Alley only exists in the present, not in the past.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 103.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' ...Madam Yukong, the present is always made from the past, is it not?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 106.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I suggest that you make some concessions to appease the merchants. If you don't follow Mingxi's plans for the dock, she will temporarily take over your position.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 104.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' Mingxi, I would like to hear your thoughts.
:<!--0.7-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 193.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' ...President, I hope you understand that I am in no way vying for power over Aurum Alley. I have listened to the president's vision of prosperity since I was a child, and I want to work to achieve that vision. But currently, your ideas conflict with ours.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I suggest you heed the advice of Madam Yukong.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give me a chance to prove you wrong.
:<!--0.8-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 105.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' I understand. I can accept Mingxi temporarily taking over my duties.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 106.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' However, Mingxi must make her decision public, and win the approval of both myself and all the merchants. Since you have shown confidence, those terms should be acceptable to you?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 194.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Yes, I'll do my best, President.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 107.ogg}} '''Voice Full of Vicissitudes:''' You have to remember that even when you're acting in my place, a crisis is still imminent &mdash; you must earn at least the amount of the bidding deposit to even have a chance of thwarting off the IPC.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 107.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Very well, since the president has come to a decision, I will be in charge of calling a public meeting.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 108 f.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' (Trailblazer), Mingxi, I have something for you. When you are all finished here, remember to come and see me.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Yukong{{subst:void|<!--800320503-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|As the overseer of the Xianzhou Luofu's commercial activities, Madam Yukong has also arrived in this humble Aurum Alley to give you some recommendations. Say "thank you" to Madam Yukong, quickly!<br />Some of the Aurum Alley merchants are displeased with the merchant guild, but as you are an outside party, you can demonstrate new possibilities that might win their confidence.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Yukong)
----
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 109.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I heard from Xikui that it was you who became a business advisor and assisted Aurum Alley Merchant Guild in their dispute with the IPC... How versatile. Is there anything you can't do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, for starters, I can't jump...
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 110.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' ...I'm not very good at that either.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Omg, stop it~ You're making me blushhh~
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nope. 'Tis why I'll totally take over the Sky-Faring Commission next.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 111.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' ...Not on my watch.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 112.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' The president is still a hero to Aurum Alley &mdash; he helped it achieve prosperity... but a hero will not be embraced forever.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 113.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I've seen the IPC's approach &mdash; they prioritize efficiency and a standard uniform business model across the galaxy.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 114.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I warned them that their business model wouldn't work on the Xianzhou without adjustments... but the Merchant Guild's overly traditional mindset is a different obstacle.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 115.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Let me put it bluntly &mdash; Aurum Alley Merchant Guild has no chance of succeeding today.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Guild lacks the necessary capital to get to the negotiating table.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 116.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' The IPC does have more capital on hand, but the review criteria are not solely focused on financial resources.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Neither party is ideal, but one has to be chosen.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 117.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' ...And yet all of you now represent a third choice &mdash; different from both the Merchant Guild and the IPC.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 118.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' My advice to you is to visit the shopkeeper Mr. Xiao. He is the one who proposed the reorganization of the Merchant Guild. If you can get his support, you will definitely receive support from the other merchants.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 196.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Thank you, Madam Yukong!
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 119.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I have business to attend to in the Palace of Astrum &mdash; the rest is up to you. Convince the old shopkeeper, and you may just become the new heroes of Aurum Alley.
----

;(Talk to Lianyan)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 124.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' *sigh* ...I wish the president did more of the talking. I'm getting tired of being a mouthpiece.

;(Talk to Sushang)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 182.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' *sigh* This President is kinda stubborn...
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 183.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Is there really no difference between our strategy and the IPC's?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just because the IPC does something doesn't mean it's wrong.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 184.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I've heard that many places in the galaxy that partnered with the IPC have become popular areas for interstellar trade.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 185.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' It makes sense that there are many merchants who oppose the Merchant Guild and support the IPC.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's a difference alright.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 186.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' What kind of difference?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Everything we do is for Aurum Alley?
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 187.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' You're saying that the IPC is in it for the IPC, but we just want what's best for Aurum Alley...
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 188.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...but the president wants what's best for Aurum Alley too, and yet we still disagree with him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We don't earn nearly as much money as the IPC?
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 189.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Shouldn't people choose the side that can earn them money?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 190.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' The streets aren't owned by the Merchant Guild or the IPC... but by those who live here.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 191.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' *sigh* I guess I don't have any special insights. I think... I think we should ask the merchants what they think.

;(Talk to Mingxi)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 195.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Madam Yukong is looking for us. Let's be on our way.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Back in Business (II)
|zhs  = 金戺重喧•其二
|zht  = 金戺重喧•其二
|ja   = 金庭、喧騒を重ねて・その2
|ko   = 다시 부흥하는 금빛•2
|es   = De nuevo en activo&nbsp;II
|fr   = Les affaires reprennent (II)
|ru   = Снова в деле II
|th   = คืนสู่ความรุ่งเรือง 2
|vi   = Huyên Náo Trở Lại 2
|de   = Wieder im Geschäft 2
|id   = Hiruk Pikuk yang Kembali Bergaung 2
|pt   = De Volta aos Negócios (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
