<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Back in Business (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003208
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Back in Business (III).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Back in Business (III)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aurumaton President; Sushang; Trailblazer; Xiaohan; Yukong
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = Dock Operations (III)
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*5; Lost Crystal*5; Credit*45,000
}}
'''''Back in Business (III)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]] event.

==Steps==
# Find out about the merchant guild's recent happenings at Aurum Alley
# Confirm the negotiation materials and speak with Mingxi

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find out about the merchant guild's recent happenings at Aurum Alley{{subst:void|<!--800320801-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|There should be new developments at Aurum Alley. Would you like to go back and check it out?<br />Visit Aurum Alley regularly}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1215901
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1215901
}</pre>

;(Talk to Yukong)
:Yukong's gaze is penetrating, as if she is reminding you that the meeting is about to begin. She will not be biased toward either side.

;(Talk to Lianyan)
:Lianyan smirks but says nothing, simply waiting for the meeting to start.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confirm the negotiation materials and speak with Mingxi{{subst:void|<!--800320802-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|The time of negotiations is drawing near. You should go over your negotiation materials first.<br />Confirm your negotiation materials with Miss Secretary and strive to claim the advantage in the upcoming clash of words.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; Ask0)
:{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebateReturnTestimony"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Ask1)
:{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebateReturnTestimony"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Ask2)
:{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebateReturnTestimony"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Correct)
:{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; Fail)
:{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebateReturnTestimony"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Talk_800320801)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 120.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' I will be hosting this hearing on behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission. Mingxi, are your people all present?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 198.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' We're all here... but where's the president?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 108.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' I'm right here.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 199.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...You're the president?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 109.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' That is correct.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 110.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' I know my appearance is a little unsettling... If the hearing weren't of vital importance to the future of Aurum Alley, I wouldn't attend in person.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 111.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' Still, I didn't expect a reaction like this... Are you so afraid to converse with a piece of metal?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} More surprised than afraid.
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 112.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' Surprised that there's an aurumaton in Aurum Alley?
:::I hope there aren't any children here.
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 113.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' *sigh* If there are any children here, just tell them I'm one of those talking toys...
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 200.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...that's missing the rest of its body.
:::A talking aurumaton head? So cool!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope there aren't any children here.
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 113.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' *sigh* If there are any children here, just tell them I'm one of those talking toys...
:::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 200.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...that's missing the rest of its body.
:::A talking aurumaton head? So cool!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A talking aurumaton head? So cool!
::{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 114.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' Glad you think so.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 121.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Let me remind everyone that we are at a hearing. Mr. President, please share with us your vision for Aurum Alley.
::{{tx}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Aurum Alley Merchant Guild Turnover|20|x=1}})
----
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 208 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 208 f.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' First challenging an IPC rep, and now winning over the president of the guild! (Trailblazer), you're pretty good!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I was looking forward to another public apology.
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 209.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' That won't be necessary...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got lucky, and it was a collective effort.
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 210.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' The materials that Mingxi and Xiaohan provided were super useful.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 125.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Knowing the president, I think he's now ready to entrust you with the future of the Alley.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He wasn't really against us?
:<!--0.8-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 126.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' The president commands the trust of many reputable shops in the Alley. Their support for him was likely to be a big obstacle to your rejuvenation project.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 127.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' His invitation to debate this matter publicly was a chance for the more difficult business owners to hear from you directly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is indeed very wise.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are overinterpreting, Madam Yukong.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 128.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' If you say so.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 211.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I almost feel bad for him. Aurum Alley's enemy should be the IPC, not the president.
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 143.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' What if... the IPC isn't an enemy?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have they decided to drop out of the bidding?
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 144.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' Of course not. We'll win the operating rights to Aurum Alley fair and square.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You still remember Skott, right?
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 145.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' He's been transferred elsewhere. I will be handling things from now on.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 212.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...You're with the IPC!?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx yukong 129.ogg}} '''Yukong:''' Xiaohan is the IPC's operation rep in Exalting Sanctum.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 213.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' You snake!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You back-stabbing little...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't say I'm surprised.
:<!--0.8-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 146.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' My original plan only involved helping you overthrow the current president... but as we progressed, I saw there was more common ground than I'd anticipated.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 147.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' Since we all agree that the dock is vital to Aurum Alley's development, why not take things further and turn the Alley into a full-blown logistics hub?
:{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 148.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' Imagine cargo ships from all corners of the galaxy docking and departing. This place will be transformed into a renowned commercial port, instead of another run-of-the-mill market.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm intrigued.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That isn't progress.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 149.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' When the IPC wins the bidding, I'm sure we can continue to work together for a brand-new Aurum Alley.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 214.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Hey! Not so fast, it's still anyone's game.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx xiaohan 150.ogg}} '''Xiaohan:''' ...Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself. In that case, keep up the good work. I'll see you at the negotiation table.
:{{Black Screen|Xiaohan leaves the dock, the next phase of Aurum Alley's revival has begun.}}
;(Lose {{Item|Aurum Alley Merchant Guild Turnover|20|x=1}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1216001
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1216001
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Back in Business (III)
|zhs  = 金戺重喧•其三
|zht  = 金戺重喧•其三
|ja   = 金庭、喧騒を重ねて・その3
|ko   = 다시 부흥하는 금빛•3
|es   = De nuevo en activo&nbsp;III
|fr   = Les affaires reprennent (III)
|ru   = Снова в деле III
|th   = คืนสู่ความรุ่งเรือง 3
|vi   = Huyên Náo Trở Lại 3
|de   = Wieder im Geschäft 3
|id   = Hiruk Pikuk yang Kembali Bergaung 3
|pt   = De Volta aos Negócios (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
