<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Back in Business (IV)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003212
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Back in Business (IV).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Back in Business (IV)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aurumaton President; Mingxi; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*5; Lost Crystal*5; "Paean of Indulgence"*1 { text = "Paean of Indulgence" }; Credit*45,000
}}
'''''Back in Business (IV)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]] event.

==Steps==
# Find out about the merchant guild's recent happenings at Aurum Alley
# Talk with Mingxi at the docks

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find out about the merchant guild's recent happenings at Aurum Alley{{subst:void|<!--800321201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|There should be new developments at Aurum Alley. Would you like to go back and check it out?<br />Visit Aurum Alley regularly}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Mingxi at the docks{{subst:void|<!--800321202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|Though matters have been resolved, Mingxi still has something to tell you.<br />Go and meet with her again.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 250.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Ah, you're here. I'm the one who dragged you into all this &mdash; I must thank you again.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 251.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Thank you for everything you've done for the guild and the Alley.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's too kind of you.
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 289.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Yeah, all in a day's work.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 252.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' You two have done a lot to help us. You deserve every bit of praise.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fancy giving us some more rewards?
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 290 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 290 f.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' {{MC|f=She|m=He}} meant to say "thank you very much."
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 253.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' You two have done a lot to help us. You deserve every bit of praise.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 254.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Now that I've finally got some free time, I'm starting to reflect on the choices I made and the reasons behind them.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 255.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' The president and Xiaohan had different perspectives because they came from different backgrounds... and I can't help but feel the decisions I made were somewhat restricted by my own background.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 291.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' The same can be said for all of us.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 256.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' If that's true, the only way to get a wider perspective is to leave my comfort zone and look outward. The answer to reviving Aurum Alley isn't necessarily within the Alley itself...
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 257.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' ...and that's why I secured an internship opportunity at Pier Point with the help of Xiaohan. Once I wrap up here, I'll be on my way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's always good to broaden one's mind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who'll look after the Alley while you're gone?
:<!--0.8-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 258.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I plan to entrust the Alley to you two. If you ever need any help, just ask the president.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx huizhang 152.ogg}} '''Aurumaton President:''' That's right. If you wish to continue with the inventory or logistics planning, come and find me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, didn't see you there.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 259.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I hope I can come back with new insights. Bye for now, I'll see you when I get back.
----

;(Talk to Sushang)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 292.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Guess we can say "that's it for today's episode."
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 293.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' "Be eager to help those in need and do one good deed a day..." I like to practice what I preach, but I never thought we'd accomplish so much.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All thanks to your bet with Skott...
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 294.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I couldn't have backed down, could I? Besides, we got him good.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All thanks to your shouting match with Skott...
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 295.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Bailu told me you two heard me yelling before you showed up. Is that true?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All thanks to Bailu looking for trouble...
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 296.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I don't blame her. I got excited when I heard people arguing at the dock... and the rest is history.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 297.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' It feels surreal that everything worked out for the Alley.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pretty crazy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Indeed. The Alley got lucky.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Things worked out because of our hard work.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 298.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Yeah... Everything could have easily gone wrong.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 299.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Sure, there were clashes and distrust, but virtually everyone was acting in the best interest of the Alley. If that hadn't been the case, the whole thing would have fallen apart.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 300.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I say "virtually" because of Skott, of course... Lucky for us, he wasn't as smart as he thought he was.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cheaters won't prosper.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 301.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Exactly. Madam Yukong would never allow malicious competition. If we hadn't taught Skott a lesson, the Sky-Faring Commission would have done so anyway.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If Skott has turned out to be Xiaohan's superior...
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 302.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Then the IPC would've been more brutal, and the situation would've been much harder for us... Thankfully, Xiaohan turned out to be upright and reasonable.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 303.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Taking all that into account, did we get lucky, or was Aurum Alley always destined to pull through?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not sure... but I don't think it matters.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 304.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Agreed!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was all thanks to my literary mind.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 305.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Hmph, I may not be as well-read as you, but my mom taught me a thing or two!
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 306.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I guess the love and care for the Alley brought everyone together, and that's why despite all the difficulties, things turned out for the best.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well said, Sushang.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 307.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Hehe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Never heard so many wise words from you before.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 308.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Ha, better start getting used to it.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 309.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Monologues aside, there's still plenty of work to do to get the Alley back on track. The dock still needs your help.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 310.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Let me know if you run into trouble again, I'll be there. Talk to you later!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Back in Business (IV)
|zhs  = 金戺重喧•其四
|zht  = 金戺重喧•其四
|ja   = 金庭、喧騒を重ねて・その4
|ko   = 다시 부흥하는 금빛•4
|es   = De nuevo en activo&nbsp;IV
|fr   = Les affaires reprennent (IV)
|ru   = Снова в деле IV
|th   = คืนสู่ความรุ่งเรือง 4
|vi   = Huyên Náo Trở Lại 4
|de   = Wieder im Geschäft 4
|id   = Hiruk Pikuk yang Kembali Bergaung 4
|pt   = De Volta aos Negócios (IV)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
