<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Back in Business (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003213
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Back in Business (I).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Back in Business (I)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bailu; Lianyan; Mingxi; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = Dock Operations (I)
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*5; Lost Crystal*5; Credit*45,000
}}
'''''Back in Business (I)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]] event.

==Steps==
# Head to the Oldies Depot and obtain the approval of the Merchant Guild President

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Head to the Oldies Depot and obtain the approval of the Merchant Guild President{{subst:void|<!--800321301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|After accepting Mingxi's invitation, what's left is to formally get an official acknowledgment from the Aurum Alley Merchant Guild. To achieve this, you will serve as the "Aurum Alley Business Consultant."<br />Head to Oldies Depot and speak to the president and... wait, why Oldies Depot?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lianyan)
----
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 147 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 147 f.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Miss Lianyan, please tell the president that I have someone who can help us with the leasing situation at the dock... and also bring Aurum Alley back to its former glory.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hi, I'm (Trailblazer)!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hi, I'm that "someone" who can save y'all.
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 101.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' Well, seems like you have plenty of confidence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hate job interviews.
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 148.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I've already seen your abilities &mdash; there's nothing to be nervous about.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 102.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' I'll go ask the president's opinion on the matter. Please wait a moment.
:{{Black Screen|Lianyan approaches the store's doorway and quietly conveys something to the one within. No one hears what she said to the president.}}
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 103.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' Okay, the president trusts Miss Secretary's judgment, but the applicant still needs to pass a test... You must integrate Oldies Depot into the logistics plan.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'mma flex my skills for you real quick.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't get your hopes up too high...
:<!--0.8-second delay-->
:{{Black Screen|undefined}}
----
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 104 f.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' The president acknowledges your expertise and agrees to confer management responsibilities accordingly.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 105.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' Aurum Alley Merchant Guild would like to issue a formal request... Please help us emerge from this crisis and revitalize Aurum Alley!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will rise to the occasion.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You make it sound so formal.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it too late to back out?
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 169 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 169 f.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Don't mind {{MC|f=her|m=him}}, {{MC|f=she|m=he}}'s talking silly again.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 149.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Now that that's settled, please come see me at the dock when you have time.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 150.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' You'll be able to help the dock workers {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|do the inventory}} and help Heron Express with {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|logistics planning}}.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 151.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I keep tabs on all the goings-on in Aurum Alley, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|including rumors and the latest gossip.}} If we can solve some of the problems in the community, it could help in rejuvenating Aurum Alley.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 136.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' If it involves helping people in need, count me in too.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Could you repeat that?
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 152.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Sure.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 153.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Just come see me at the dock when you have time.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 150.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' You'll be able to help the dock workers {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|do the inventory}} and help Heron Express with {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|logistics planning}}.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 155.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I keep tabs on all the goings-on in Aurum Alley, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|including rumors and the latest gossip}}. If we can solve some of the problems in the community, it could help in rejuvenating Aurum Alley.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So basically I just need to go talk to you at the dock?
::<!--0.8-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 156.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' Anytime you need anything, come find me.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 157.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' The important thing right now is to generate enough revenue before the payment due date.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx mingxi 158.ogg}} '''Mingxi:''' I'll be off to the dock then. Stop by anytime.
::----

;(Talk to Lianyan)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 106.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' I know you want to ask about the president, but I suggest you focus your energy on managing the dock for now.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx lianyan 107.ogg}} '''Lianyan:''' Don't worry, the president is paying very close attention to our progress in Aurum Alley.

;(Talk to Sushang)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 137.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Any problem facing Aurum Alley is also my problem. If you encounter any difficulties, don't hesitate to come find me.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 138.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Also... I should probably ask... Do you really think we'll be able to pay back everything owed on the dock?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You betcha.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 139 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 139 f.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' (Trailblazer), you're the best! You remind me of the friend I made when I first arrived on the Luofu &mdash; she had the same eagerness for saving people, and the same tenacity for solving problems.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't make any guarantees...
::{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 140 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 140 f.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...I understand, (Trailblazer). But even then, it's impressive that you are willing to step up and help!
:{{A|VO side2 jrx sushang 141.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I have a mission from the Cloud Knights, so I have to leave for now. If I have time, I'll definitely come back to Aurum Alley to help out.
----

;(Talk to Bailu)
:{{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 171.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' So strange &mdash; saving Aurum Alley is a critical issue, but the president didn't even make an appearance...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps we haven't won their trust yet.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 172.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Then why would they put you in charge of things at the dock...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps they weren't feeling too well.
::{{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 173.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' If that's the case, I can give them a check-up and prescribe some medicine.
:{{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 174 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 jrx bailu 174 f.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Wow, time sure does fly when you're trying to save the world. (Trailblazer), I need to get back to the Alchemy Commission. Keep up the good work around here!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Back in Business (I)
|zhs  = 金戺重喧•其一
|zht  = 金戺重喧•其一
|ja   = 金庭、喧騒を重ねて・その1
|ko   = 다시 부흥하는 금빛•1
|es   = De nuevo en activo&nbsp;I
|fr   = Les affaires reprennent (I)
|ru   = Снова в деле I
|th   = คืนสู่ความรุ่งเรือง 1
|vi   = Huyên Náo Trở Lại 1
|de   = Wieder im Geschäft 1
|id   = Hiruk Pikuk yang Kembali Bergaung 1
|pt   = De Volta aos Negócios (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
