<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Custom Orders (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003280
|title         = Custom Orders
|image         = <!--Mission Custom Orders (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = Plenty of shops and stores in Aurum Alley have established a collaborative relationship with the docks, and the logistics orders coming in are also more complex than before. Mingxi's expression seems to imply a need for assistance.<br />Head to the docks and see if you can help with anything.
|characters    = Mingxi; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Custom Orders''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]].

==Steps==
# Talk with Mingxi at the docks
# Complete the custom orders
# Talk with Mingxi at the docks

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk with Mingxi at the docks{{subst:void|<!--800328001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|Plenty of shops and stores in Aurum Alley have established a collaborative relationship with the docks, and the logistics orders coming in also more complex than before. Mingxi's expression seems to imply a need for assistance.<br />Head to the docks and see if you can help with anything.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Mingxi:''' By the way, (Trailblazer), I need you to do me another favor. Recently, Yuanfeng from Heron Express suggested that we start "custom orders" to build trust with our customers.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are "custom orders?"
::'''Mingxi:''' Hmm, how to put it...
::'''Mingxi:''' Well, if you walk into a clothing store, you'll see regular clothes on the shelves. They're standard quality, affordable, and suitable for most customers' everyday needs. We call those clothes "general orders."
::'''Mingxi:''' But in fancier stores, they have professional tailors take your measurements to make suits tailored just for you &mdash; those are "custom orders." In short, we need to customize our services to meet the unique needs of our customers.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Build trust?
::'''Mingxi:''' Exactly. Once we start providing custom orders, our customers will really see how good we are and they'll have even more trust in the Aurum Alley Merchant Guild. And that means they'll be more willing to work with us down the line.
::'''Mingxi:''' So basically, you can think of custom orders as special challenges from our customers, and completing them will bring you splendid rewards.
::'''Mingxi:''' Yuanfeng from Heron Express will send us the details for custom orders. By completing them, we'll be able to work even better with our other customers.
::'''Mingxi:''' Anyway, with your amazing skills, (Trailblazer), I don't think these custom orders will be much of a challenge. I'm counting on you.
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByComparePropStateNumber","GroupID":{"fixedValue":{"Value":3}},"PropIDList":[{"fixedValue":{"Value":300001}}],"State":"Open","CompareType":"Equal","CompareValue":1,"TaskEnabled":true,"IsClientOnly":true}-->}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete the custom orders{{subst:void|<!--800328002-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Mingxi at the docks{{subst:void|<!--800328003-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Mingxi:''' Thanks to you, Yuanfeng is very satisfied with our Custom Order service. Now that we've built a long-term relationship with Heron Express and strengthened our cooperation, we'll be able to get more high-end goods in at the dock.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yuanfeng is indeed a reliable partner.
::'''Mingxi:''' Undoubtedly. Heron Express knows their stuff when it comes to shipping and delivery. They've been giving us really helpful advice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can trust be built so easily?
::'''Mingxi:''' I know it might seem like "you just do one simple task and you win their trust," but that's not really how it works.
::'''Mingxi:''' Trust is something that's built up over time, and those merchants have been trusting us for ages. This time, we just need to do something tiny to show that "their trust in us has value."
:'''Mingxi:''' I'm sure there will be even more merchants who want to get in on a deeper business relationship with us, so please keep a lookout for them.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Custom Orders
|zhs  = 客制运单
|zht  = 客製運單
|ja   = 特注伝票
|ko   = 맞춤 운송장
|es   = Pedidos personalizados
|fr   = Livraisons personnalisées
|ru   = Индивидуальные заказы
|th   = รายการขนส่งแบบกำหนดเอง
|vi   = Đơn Theo Yêu Cầu
|de   = Individuelle Bestellungen
|id   = Pesanan Khusus
|pt   = Pedidos Personalizados
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
