<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Merchant Event: Delicacy Pavilion#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003243
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Merchant Event Delicacy Pavilion.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Merchant Event: Delicacy Pavilion]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Mingxi; Short Auntie; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Lost Crystal*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Merchant Event: Delicacy Pavilion''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Short Auntie

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Short Auntie{{subst:void|<!--800324301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Short Auntie, owner of Delicacy Pavilion, to establish a partnership with the guild. However, Short Auntie has encountered some troubles at the moment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Short Auntie)
:{{Black Screen|When you finally have some downtime after serving the customers, Mingxi had already arrived at Delicacy Pavilion.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|When you finally have some downtime after serving the customers, Mingxi had already arrived at Delicacy Pavilion.}}
:{{Black Screen|When you finally have some downtime after serving the customers, Mingxi had already arrived at Delicacy Pavilion.}}
;(If {{F|MissionCV-8003242-undefined}} is undefined 1)
::'''Short Auntie:''' Thanks for your hard work. I heard the chef say that you didn't mess up any orders at all, which was really amazing.
;(If {{F|MissionCV-8003242-undefined}} is not undefined 1)
::'''Short Auntie:''' Thanks for your hard work. There were loads of diners today. It's really hard for one person to do everything you did.
:'''Mingxi:''' Short Auntie just agreed to collaborate with the docks. (Trailblazer), please add Delicacy Pavilion into the logistics plan. This way, the docks can get some new orders soon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's get the planning started.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I love planning stuff. I wanna do it now!
:{{Black Screen|Thanks to your aid, more and more people are visiting Delicacy Pavilion.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|Thanks to your aid, more and more people are visiting Delicacy Pavilion.}}
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>
----
----
:'''Short Auntie:''' Actually... The IPC came looking for me once before, hoping to buy this place. I asked them what they planned to do with it, and they just said they wouldn't stick a diner here &mdash; so I told them that I'd have to think on it.
:'''Short Auntie:''' Delicacy Pavilion might not be as famous as Spices Supreme, but if I just sold out like that, then nothing would be left at all. And wouldn't that be a shame? So I thought, maybe I could make some new dishes like Master Yancui, and earn a little fame and fortune for myself.
:'''Short Auntie:''' But then later on, I figured out that I wanted to cook what I was good at, and I wanted to keep my little diner going... So, (Trailblazer), and Miss Secretary: I hope you can help me make a name for myself.
:'''Mingxi:''' Hmm, don't worry Short Auntie! I hope we can cooperate again in the future. We'll definitely make a name for Delicacy Pavilion.

;(Talk to Short Auntie)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502066102
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CharacterTriggerAnimState",
	"CharacterUniqueName": {
		"Value": "Bird"
	},
	"AnimStateName": "FlyBack",
	"NormalizedTransitionDuration": 0.25
}</pre>
:<!--6-second delay-->
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Merchant Event: Delicacy Pavilion
|zhs  = 商铺事件•美馔阁
|zht  = 商鋪事件•美饌閣
|ja   = 店舗イベント・美饌閣
|ko   = 상점 사건•미선각
|es   = Evento de tienda: Pabellón de las Delicias
|fr   = Événement de magasin&nbsp;: Pavillon des délices
|ru   = Событие магазина: «Дворец яств»
|th   = อิเวนต์ร้านค้า: Delicacy Pavilion
|vi   = Sự Kiện Cửa Tiệm - Quán Ngon
|de   = Händlerereignis: Delikatessenpavillon
|id   = Event Toko: Delicacy Pavilion
|pt   = Evento de Comerciante: Pavilhão das Iguarias
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
