<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003249
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Merchant Event Du's Teahouse.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Boss Du; Mingxi; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Traveler's Guide*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]].

==Steps==
# Provide your tea tasting feedback to Boss Du

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Provide your tea tasting feedback to Boss Du{{subst:void|<!--800324901-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Du's Teahouse to establish a partnership with the guild. However, its proprietor Boss Du has encountered some troubles at the moment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:'''Boss Du:''' Haha, can't argue with that. Everyone loves my tea after all. Anyway, I'm glad to formally establish a cooperation with the merchant guild.
:'''Mingxi:''' Absolutely! I hope that our cooperation will be fruitful and bring your tasty Flaming Potent Tea to an even larger customer base.
:{{Black Screen|Thanks to your aid, more and more people are visiting Du's Teahouse.}}

;(Talk to Boss Du)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502058101-->)
::'''Boss Du:''' Welcome, customer. Would you like a mug of ninety-percent strong Flaming Potent Tea?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You need to explain what is Flaming Potent Tea first.
:::'''Boss Du:''' Flaming Potent Tea is a tea that is combustible. I guess I don't have to explain what "tea" and "combustible" mean, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure! I'm a tea-lover.
:::'''Boss Du:''' Please allow me to remind you that my tea is different from that made by the Sleepless Earl. In case you didn't catch it the first time, I want to emphasize this again &mdash; my Flaming Potent Tea is combustible.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please elaborate what "tea" and "combustible" mean.
:::Boss Du lets out a deep sigh.
:::'''Boss Du:''' ...All right. "Combustion" refers to the chemical reaction that occurs between a combustible material and an oxidizer when the former reaches its ignition point.
:::'''Boss Du:''' As for "tea"... it usually refers to drinks made from plants. Different teas vary in taste. Flaming Potent Tea is characterized by its pungent and burning taste, and a unique process of production that includes fermentation and distillation. Therefore, drinking too much Flaming Potent Tea may be harmful to your health.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. Stop muddling. This is alcohol, isn't it?
::::'''Boss Du:''' No, this is tea.
::::'''Boss Du:''' According to the regulations issued by the Realm-Keeping Commission, we can only sell TEA to customers. I hope you can understand, dear customer.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wonderful! This is exactly what I need.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you say so.
::::'''Boss Du:''' Good, I can tell that you've understood the essence of Flaming Potent Tea. Why bother with its name, or its true composition? Just enjoy your life and drink away all your sorrows... with tea, of course.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. Stop muddling. This is alcohol, isn't it?
:::'''Boss Du:''' No, this is tea.
:::'''Boss Du:''' According to the regulations issued by the Realm-Keeping Commission, we can only sell TEA to customers. I hope you can understand, dear customer.
::'''Boss Du:''' Since you're a new face here, please accept this cup of Flaming Potent Tea as a token of my goodwill. It's on the house.
::'''Boss Du:''' My tea house may be inconspicuous, but the most influential persons in Exalting Sanctum would come here for tea. Of course, you are free to take a seat here and share your stories.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502058101-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502058301
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CharacterTriggerAnimState",
	"CharacterUniqueName": {
		"Value": "Bird"
	},
	"ForceStart": true,
	"AnimStateName": "FlyBack",
	"NormalizedTransitionDuration": 0.25
}</pre>
:<!--6-second delay-->
----

;(Talk to Boss Du)
:'''Boss Du:''' I heard about you from Mingxi of the Merchant Guild. You're planning to use the docks to ship the stores' goods to other delves.
:'''Boss Du:''' For stores like my teahouse, doing business by way of delivery is pretty appropriate. However...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You look upset. What happened?
:'''Boss Du:''' Customers are truly a beast to try and understand &mdash; oh, I'm not referring to you, sorry. I just had to vent.
:'''Boss Du:''' Mingxi shared her thoughts on the merchant guild with me, and I am in agreement with most of her ideas. It's always a good thing to make the pie bigger, right? So I decided to do some market research to get a better sense of what my potential customers are into.
:'''Boss Du:''' But after collecting the results, I realized that their tastes are really polarized. Either they think my Flaming Potent Tea tastes too bland or too strong.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you develop several flavors?
::'''Boss Du:''' Ha! That's a typical layperson's suggestion. I do plan on tweaking my recipe, but I'm not sure how to do it yet.
::'''Boss Du:''' I'm running a small business and my budget is limited. I can't just "develop several flavors"...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, which part of the customers are you going to listen to?
::'''Boss Du:''' See, that's what gives me a headache! Customers' opinions are important, but whose opinions should I prioritize?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Too bland? Just add some alcohol!
::'''Boss Du:''' Hey! Hey, hey! That's exactly what I would be doing if I could!
::'''Boss Du:''' But unfortunately, I can't. According to the regulations issued by the Realm-Keeping Commission, we can only sell tea to customers. You surely know that, right?
:'''Boss Du:''' But now that you're here, why not try my new recipes? Feel free to enjoy them. It's on the house.
:'''Boss Du:''' I happen to have developed three new recipes for Flaming Potent Tea in different ratios. Please try them and tell me how you feel.
:{{Black Screen|Boss Du brings you a mug of Flaming Potent Tea.}}
:'''Boss Du:''' This one, with a ratio of nine to one, is prepared for those who think my tea is too bland.
:'''Boss Du:''' Give it a sip...
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse
|zhs  = 商铺事件•杜氏茶庄
|zht  = 商鋪事件•杜氏茶莊
|ja   = 店舗イベント・杜氏茶荘
|ko   = 상점 사건•두가네 찻집
|es   = Evento de tienda: Casa de té Du
|fr   = Événement de magasin&nbsp;: Salon de thé de Du
|ru   = Событие магазина: «Чайная Ду»
|th   = อิเวนต์ร้านค้า: Du's Teahouse
|vi   = Sự Kiện Cửa Tiệm - Tiệm Trà Họ Du
|de   = Händlerereignis: Dus Teehaus
|id   = Event Toko: Du's Teahouse
|pt   = Evento de Comerciante: Casa de Chá do Du
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
