<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Merchant Event: Elegance Pagoda#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003250
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Merchant Event Elegance Pagoda.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Elegance Pagoda to establish a partnership with the guild. However, its proprietor Boyang has encountered some troubles at the moment...
|characters    = Boyang; Curious Outworlder; Outworlder Passerby; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Lost Crystal*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Merchant Event: Elegance Pagoda''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]].

==Steps==
# Go to Elegance Pagoda and inquire with Boyang about the situation
# Perform an appraisal demonstration with Diting
# Speak with Boyang and prepare for the appraisal demonstration
# Assist Boyang to complete the official appraisal demonstration

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to Elegance Pagoda and inquire with Boyang about the situation{{subst:void|<!--800325001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Elegance Pagoda to establish a partnership with the guild. However, its proprietor Boyang has encountered some troubles at the moment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 198
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300006
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 4,
			"GroupID": 198,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 813250001
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"IsLoop": true,
	"LoopInterval": 12,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>

;(Talk to Boyang)
:'''Boyang:''' You are (Trailblazer), right? It just so happens that I have something...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait, have we ever met before?
::'''Boyang:''' Yeah, we've met a few times at Miss Secretary's office, but perhaps you don't remember me anymore...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, it's you. How can I help?
::'''Boyang:''' To be honest, I was hoping you could do me a small favor. Don't worry. I'll make it worth your while.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hold it. I'm busy.
::'''Boyang:''' Well, I won't take up much of your time. Maybe you'd like to reconsider?
:'''Boyang:''' Here's the thing: My store sells fandangles, but lately, more and more Outworlders have been flooding in, claiming they've bought precious antiques at low prices.
:'''Boyang:''' Over time, people have started to see my store as an antique shop, and even the merchant guild has been recommending that I officially make the switch. To be honest, selling antiques is more lucrative than selling fandangles, and it would give me more time to relax.
:'''Boyang:''' The thing is, if I were to make the switch, it would be like opening a whole new shop, and I'd have to start from scratch and build up a new customer base. I've been thinking about it, but I haven't quite figured out how to do it yet.
:'''Boyang:''' In the end, Miss Secretary came up with a great idea, and now I need someone to help me execute it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's why you've come to me?
::'''Boyang:''' Well, I was planning to ask Sushang for help, but she was too busy. So I was wondering if I could perhaps trouble you instead?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I know nothing about antiques...
::'''Boyang:''' It's simple. I wouldn't have asked you if my little cycrane could do it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This would be a risky leap. Think twice before you act.
::'''Boyang:''' No worries. It'll only take me a dozen years to try it out and see if this plan works. And if it doesn't, I can always go back to selling fandangles.
:'''Boyang:''' Honestly, I've tried it before, but my customer base just slowly disappeared over time.
:'''Boyang:''' At first, I thought it was just bad luck, but then the same thing happened in my fandangles circle as well. So I started asking around, and I found out... tsk...
:'''Boyang:''' It turns out that some ignorant Outworlders have been spreading rumors that I don't know anything about antiques and that I've been selling fake antiques. That's how my reputation got tarnished.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not selling fake antiques, are you?
::'''Boyang:''' Come on! How could I even do that? Even if I wanted to, the Realm-Keeping Commission wouldn't let me get away with it. All the stores on the Xianzhou ship have to follow the rules and regulations.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, you do give off the impression that you know nothing about antiques.
::'''Boyang:''' Hey! It's unfair to judge someone solely based on their appearance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you just close your shop and inherit your family fortune?
::'''Boyang:''' If I were to do that, I wouldn't even have a place for my fellow curio enthusiasts.
:'''Boyang:''' You just don't get it. I mean, I was born and raised on this Xianzhou ship, and I just can't wrap my head around how those Outworlders define "antiques."
:'''Boyang:''' Some fandangles made a few decades ago can have amazing craftsmanship, but those outsiders don't even consider them to be true antiques. Meanwhile, some fandangles made centuries ago are so dilapidated that I have to repaint them to make them presentable, but then those same outsiders accuse me of destroying antiques.
:'''Boyang:''' I mean, what's the big deal between antiques from decades ago and centuries ago? It's all just a fleeting amount of time, isn't it?
:'''Boyang:''' Thankfully, Mingxi heard about my predicament and helped me. She lent me a Diting that allows me to figure out the origin year of my fandangles.
:'''Boyang:''' Now all I need is a little boost in popularity, and that's why I'm planning to host a treasure appraisal event right in front of my store.
:'''Boyang:''' Here's the plan: I'll place the antiques to be appraised at the door and use Diting to figure out their origin year. If they were made just a few decades ago, I'll smash them. That way, only antiques made centuries ago would be left in my store.
:'''Boyang:''' Now I need you to help me with the rehearsal so that I'll know what the real event will be like.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I don't even have antiques. How am I supposed to appraise them?
::'''Boyang:''' No need to worry about that. I've brought out a whole bunch of antiques and ordinary fandangles from my family's warehouse, so you'll have plenty to smash at the upcoming show!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, all I need to do is to smash them all?
::'''Boyang:''' No, no. You'll need to use Diting to find out the true antiques and smash only the fake ones.
:'''Boyang:''' Hold on a second. Let me show you the antiques we'll be using in the event.
----
:'''Boyang:''' Try it yourself and you'll see what it's all about.
:'''Boyang:''' Here, I got this Diting through some connections. This little guy will help you figure out the origin year of objects, so you'll know which antiques to smash.
:'''Boyang:''' Follow its guidance and you won't make mistakes. Well, just try it yourself and you'll see what to do.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P10202_F10202004_G198",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor4",
	"IsActive": true,
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
:'''Boyang:''' Activate your Diting and use its "Appraise" feature on these jars.
:'''Boyang:''' While "Appraise" is activated, the jar that responds is the genuine one, and the other is the fake one.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Perform an appraisal demonstration with Diting{{subst:void|<!--800325002-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; Act_800325050_1)
:----
::'''Boyang:''' Enough! Stop!
::'''Boyang:''' Wow, lucky it didn't get smashed. That's the real deal right there. Thank goodness I labeled it earlier... Remember, smash the fake one!
::----

;(Unused &mdash; Talk_800325002)


;(Unused &mdash; SpecialVisionOpen)
:'''Boyang:''' Well, now you should know which is the genuine antique and which is fake, right?
::'''Boyang:''' Now, smash the fake one. And don't touch the genuine one!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Boyang and prepare for the appraisal demonstration{{subst:void|<!--800325003-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Boyang)
:'''Boyang:''' It's about time to get this show on the road. I'll gather up some folks here. Fingers crossed that this event will be a success...
:{{Black Screen|With the gimmick of a treasure appraisal event, Boyang has attracted a few potential customers.}}
:{{Black Screen|With the gimmick of a treasure appraisal event, Boyang has attracted a few potential customers.}}
:'''Outworlder Passerby:''' What's with the setup? An IPC reality show?
:'''Curious Outworlder:''' No, I don't think it has anything to do with IPC. A local Luofu event, it seems.
:'''Boyang:''' As the saying goes, the fake can never be real! This treasure appraisal event is hosted by Elegance Pagoda! Now, here comes our appraiser, (Trailblazer) &mdash;
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Now it's time to show what I'm made of!)
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assist Boyang to complete the official appraisal demonstration{{subst:void|<!--800325004-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; Talk_800325004_1)


;(Unused &mdash; Talk_800325004_2)

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Merchant Event: Elegance Pagoda
|zhs  = 商铺事件•清玩斋
|zht  = 商鋪事件•清玩齋
|ja   = 店舗イベント・清玩斎
|ko   = 상점 사건•청완재
|es   = Evento de tienda: Pagoda de la Elegancia
|fr   = Événement de magasin&nbsp;: Pagode de l'élégance
|ru   = Событие магазина: «Пагода изысков»
|th   = อิเวนต์ร้านค้า: Elegance Pagoda
|vi   = Sự Kiện Cửa Tiệm - Văn Vật Tự
|de   = Händlerereignis: Elegante Pagode
|id   = Event Toko: Elegance Pagoda
|pt   = Evento de Comerciante: Pagode da Elegância
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
