<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Merchant Event: Mr. Huo#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003241
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Merchant Event Mr. Huo.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Merchant Event: Mr. Huo]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Mr. Huo; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Traveler's Guide*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Merchant Event: Mr. Huo''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Mr. Huo

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Mr. Huo{{subst:void|<!--800324101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Mr. Huo to establish a partnership with the guild. However, Mr. Huo has encountered some troubles at the moment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Huo)
:'''Mr. Huo:''' Hahaha, (Trailblazer)! You're back! I heard from the client that you've delivered the goods as requested. Any problems along the way?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Easy-peasy.
::'''Mr. Huo:''' I get it. You're a very capable one. I know I put you through the ringer with delivering the goods.
::'''Mr. Huo:''' But you even fought off the Cloud Knights just to help me smuggle some goods. You really are reliable!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There was a Cloud Knight who wanna to grab the goods.
::'''Mr. Huo:''' My friend, you even fought off the Cloud Knights just to help me smuggle some goods. You really are reliable!
:'''Mr. Huo:''' Don't worry. That person wasn't a real Cloud Knight, so the Seat of Divine Foresight won't be looking for you. They were just an actor I hired.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't expect you to test me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, basically you don't trust me, huh.
:'''Mr. Huo:''' In this line of business, the most important thing is being cautious. Relax, my friend. You've passed my test and won my trust. I will do as I say.
:'''Mr. Huo:''' I'll cooperate with you as a "sole distributor." I promise you that the docks will be drowning in an unending stream of orders, with each of these orders being "legal" and coming from the shops of Aurum Alley.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds scary. What's the situation?
::'''Mr. Huo:''' Relax, these are perfectly authentic goods.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do the shops know?
::'''Mr. Huo:''' Well, you know... I recommend that you don't ask that. All I can assure you is that they're all legal. You have my word on that.
:'''Mr. Huo:''' Of course, all these orders don't come out of nowhere. You can buy some "costly remedies" from me. A little business between us will be to our mutual profit. How about it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please obey the law as much as possible.
::'''Mr. Huo:''' Of course, of course. I'm a business veteran, you know. Following the law is my forte.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wish you great success.
::'''Mr. Huo:''' You and me, we're both established business people. Sooner or later we'll strike it big!
:'''Mr. Huo:''' Farewell then. If anything comes up later, I'll be relying on your support, my friend.
----
;(Unused &mdash; 8003241_ShowNpc)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; 8003241_HideNpc)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Alright, the "goods" have been delivered. Go back and talk to Mr. Huo.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Merchant Event: Mr. Huo
|zhs  = 商铺事件•霍三哥
|zht  = 商鋪事件•霍三哥
|ja   = 店舗イベント・霍三兄
|ko   = 상점 사건•곽세찌
|es   = Evento de tienda: Sr. Huo
|fr   = Événement de magasin&nbsp;: Monsieur Huo
|ru   = Событие магазина: Господин Хо
|th   = อิเวนต์ร้านค้า: คุณ Huo
|vi   = Sự Kiện Cửa Tiệm - Anh Huo
|de   = Händlerereignis: Herr Huo
|id   = Event Toko: Tuan Huo
|pt   = Evento de Comerciante: Sr. Huo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
