<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003248
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Merchant Event Du's Teahouse.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Du's Teahouse to establish a partnership with the guild. However, its proprietor Boss Du has encountered some troubles at the moment...
|characters    = Boss Du; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Traveler's Guide*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Aurum Alley's Hustle and Bustle]].

==Steps==
# Go to Du's Teahouse and inquire with Boss Du about the situation
# Taste the Flaming Potent Tea, prepared with a ratio of nine to one.
# Taste the Flaming Potent Tea, prepared with a ratio of seven to three.
# Taste the Flaming Potent Tea, prepared with a ratio of one to one.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to Du's Teahouse and inquire with Boss Du about the situation{{subst:void|<!--800324801-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|In order to revitalize Aurum Alley, the merchant guild aims to fully utilize the docks' logistics capacity and establish close collaborations with the stores in the alley.<br />The guild has sent you to persuade Du's Teahouse to establish a partnership with the guild. However, its proprietor Boss Du has encountered some troubles at the moment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Boss Du)
:'''Boss Du:''' I heard about you from Mingxi of the Merchant Guild. You're planning to use the docks to ship the stores' goods to other delves.
:'''Boss Du:''' For stores like my teahouse, doing business by way of delivery is pretty appropriate. However...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You look upset. What happened?
:'''Boss Du:''' Customers are truly a beast to try and understand &mdash; oh, I'm not referring to you, sorry. I just had to vent.
:'''Boss Du:''' Mingxi shared her thoughts on the merchant guild with me, and I am in agreement with most of her ideas. It's always a good thing to make the pie bigger, right? So I decided to do some market research to get a better sense of what my potential customers are into.
:'''Boss Du:''' But after collecting the results, I realized that their tastes are really polarized. Either they think my Flaming Potent Tea tastes too bland or too strong.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you develop several flavors?
::'''Boss Du:''' Ha! That's a typical layperson's suggestion. I do plan on tweaking my recipe, but I'm not sure how to do it yet.
::'''Boss Du:''' I'm running a small business and my budget is limited. I can't just "develop several flavors"...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, which part of the customers are you going to listen to?
::'''Boss Du:''' See, that's what gives me a headache! Customers' opinions are important, but whose opinions should I prioritize?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Too bland? Just add some alcohol!
::'''Boss Du:''' Hey! Hey, hey! That's exactly what I would be doing if I could!
::'''Boss Du:''' But unfortunately, I can't. According to the regulations issued by the Realm-Keeping Commission, we can only sell tea to customers. You surely know that, right?
:'''Boss Du:''' But now that you're here, why not try my new recipes? Feel free to enjoy them. It's on the house.
:'''Boss Du:''' I happen to have developed three new recipes for Flaming Potent Tea in different ratios. Please try them and tell me how you feel.
:{{Black Screen|Boss Du brings you a mug of Flaming Potent Tea.}}
:'''Boss Du:''' This one, with a ratio of nine to one, is prepared for those who think my tea is too bland.
:'''Boss Du:''' Give it a sip...
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Taste the Flaming Potent Tea, prepared with a ratio of nine to one.{{subst:void|<!--800324802-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Taste the Flaming Potent Tea, prepared with a ratio of seven to three.{{subst:void|<!--800324803-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Taste the Flaming Potent Tea, prepared with a ratio of one to one.{{subst:void|<!--800324804-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse
|zhs  = 商铺事件•杜氏茶庄
|zht  = 商鋪事件•杜氏茶莊
|ja   = 店舗イベント・杜氏茶荘
|ko   = 상점 사건•두가네 찻집
|es   = Evento de tienda: Casa de té Du
|fr   = Événement de magasin&nbsp;: Salon de thé de Du
|ru   = Событие магазина: «Чайная Ду»
|th   = อิเวนต์ร้านค้า: Du's Teahouse
|vi   = Sự Kiện Cửa Tiệm - Tiệm Trà Họ Du
|de   = Händlerereignis: Dus Teehaus
|id   = Event Toko: Du's Teahouse
|pt   = Evento de Comerciante: Casa de Chá do Du
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
