<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Become A Drinksmith#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021100
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Become A Drinksmith.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Vignettes in a Cup
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Walk Among the Tombstones]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Siobhan; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|prev          = 
|next          = Morose Monsters (I)
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Become A Drinksmith''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Vignettes in a Cup]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Siobhan

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Siobhan{{subst:void|<!--802110001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|Siobhan, the manager of Dreamjolt Hostelry, offered you an assignment to temporarily take over the job of drinksmith.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Siobhan:''' Hey there...
:'''Siobhan:''' Didn't we already meet before? You should loosen up a bit. The place is quiet, but that's okay &mdash; we can say whatever we want here.
:'''Siobhan:''' Did your conversation with Gallagher last time go well? He might look like he doesn't care about anything, but he actually has a lot on his mind. Otherwise, he wouldn't be a regular here.
:'''Siobhan:''' My place offers nothing but joy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's cut to the chase.
::'''Siobhan:''' Oh, I see you like to be straightforward. It's good to keep things simple, but you might get on people's nerves for being too direct.
::'''Siobhan:''' ...I'm kidding. I like how pragmatic you are.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you ask me out just to tell me that?
::'''Siobhan:''' What do you want to talk about, then?
::'''Siobhan:''' Chatting is just a way to get closer to each other. As long as the conversation fulfills its purpose, it doesn't matter what we actually talk about. Don't you think so?
:'''Siobhan:''' Alright, you seem more relaxed now. I invited you here because I needed your help.
:'''Siobhan:''' Are you interested in the art of mixing drinks, especially after seeing how well Gallagher does it? Something unexpected has come up, and I need to be away for a while. I'm looking for someone to take my place temporarily.
:'''Siobhan:''' I think you've got the talent to ace the job. What do you say?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me?
::'''Siobhan:''' I just go with my gut. Must I have a reason for that?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've picked the right person.
::'''Siobhan:''' I've always had a good eye for talent, and I believe you'll be an awesome drinksmith.
:'''Siobhan:''' Come on and try it. Don't be nervous, I'll guide you step by step.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Show me how.
----
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_802110001_31)
:----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Become A Drinksmith
|zhs  = 成为调饮师
|zht  = 成為調飲師
|ja   = バーテンダーになろう！
|ko   = 음료 제조가가 되다
|es   = Conviértete en barman
|fr   = Mixologue en devenir
|ru   = Стать барменом
|th   = สวมบทบาร์เทนเดอร์
|vi   = Trở Thành Người Pha Chế
|de   = Barkeeper werden
|id   = Menjadi Bartender
|pt   = Se Torne {{MC|f=uma|m=um}} Coquetelista
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
