<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#By Your Side#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021124
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission By Your Side.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Melancholy; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Melancholy's Emoscape]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Melancholy's Emoscape
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''By Your Side''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Vignettes in a Cup]].

==Steps==
# Cheer Melancholy up

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Cheer Melancholy up{{subst:void|<!--802112401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Melancholy's Emoscape|You've entered Melancholy's Emoscape. Hurry and find Melancholy. Stop it from feeling depressed.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Melancholy:''' Nobody likes me. I'm just a standing joke... I'm feeling so cold, so lonely...
:'''Melancholy:''' I've tried to disappear... only to realize that no one cares at all...
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{tx}}
:'''Melancholy:''' Huh? Someone is coming over...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...It's me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} See? I'm coming for you.
:'''Melancholy:''' ...{{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} Drinksmith? How did you get here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I work in mysterious ways.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wherever you are, I'll find you.
:'''Melancholy:''' You, an ordinary person... You're my superhero! It's so touching! Waa... Waaaaahhhh!!!
:{{tx}}
----
----
:'''Melancholy:''' I'm not feeling... so sorrowful anymore. Look, even my wings are starting to flutter.
:'''Melancholy:''' Life feels full of joy since I met you. The tragedy is finally ending, and the comedy is about to begin!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't forget that someone is waiting for you.
::'''Melancholy:''' ...R&mdash;Really!? But how can that be...?
::Embrace your new life, then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Embrace your new life, then.
:'''Melancholy:''' By the way, Lady said she had something for me. She wouldn't be trying to bully...
:'''Melancholy:''' No, no, I should stay positive! I've got to remind myself that everyone likes me!
:{{tx}}
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.DrinkMaker.WorkBook.DrinkMakerWorkBookPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "5"
	}
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 802110406-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.DrinkMaker.Handbook.DrinkMakerNewContentUnlockDialog",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "802110404"
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = By Your Side
|zhs  = 在你身边
|zht  = 在你身邊
|ja   = 傍にいるよ
|ko   = 네 곁에 있어
|es   = Estoy contigo
|fr   = À tes côtés
|ru   = Рядом с тобой
|th   = คอยอยู่เคียงข้าง
|vi   = Bên Cạnh Bạn
|de   = Bei dir
|id   = Di Sisimu
|pt   = Ao Seu Lado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
