<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Day at the Hotel in Dreamscape#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021131
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Day at the Hotel in Dreamscape.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Lady; Melancholy; Mr. Bigwig; Spade; Starlet; Tin Man; Trailblazer; Vitali
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Starlet's Emoscape]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Starlet's Emoscape
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Day at the Hotel in Dreamscape''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Vignettes in a Cup]].

==Steps==
# Head to "that room"
# Look back at the monsters' pasts
# First choice
# Head to "that room"
# Look back at the monsters' pasts
# Second choice
# Head to "that room"
# Final choice
# Head to "that room"

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Head to "that room"{{subst:void|<!--802113101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />Based on its plan, you must now proceed to "that room."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:'''Starlet:''' "This is a dream bubble."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Of course I know that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No need to explain that.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Starlet isn't around. Where is his voice coming from...?)
:'''Starlet:''' "Dream bubbles appearing in the hotel is a sign that the Dreamscape is collapsing."
:'''Starlet:''' "The Nightmare is spreading, and the Sweet Dreams Troupe has been corrupted and become frenzied."
:'''Starlet:''' "For The Family, this is a big problem that must be solved."
:'''Starlet:''' "However, for us, it might not be the same."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you trying to imply?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Where exactly are you?
:'''Starlet:''' "You must reach {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|that room}}."
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' Woof! Let's play Truth or Dare!
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' The person who gets called must choose between Truth or Dare! Once you've completed the challenge, you can select the next one! Woof... who should we start with?
:'''Lady:''' ...I prefer to be passive. I don't want to be the one who confesses first.
:'''Melancholy:''' You're not going to bully me, are you? Well, I know it's a vote, but I'm pretty sure you all agreed to pick on me.
:'''Spade:''' Mwahaha! That's not how you play. Well, let's think of a way. Hee-hee, how about... we start with that tin can?
:'''Spade:''' ...The big one should give way to the smaller ones. Nothing wrong with that!
:'''Tin Man:''' Alright! Let me show you how it's done! Watch this!
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' So, "Truth"? Or "Dare"?
:'''Tin Man:''' I choose... "Truth"!
:'''Spade:''' That's no fun at all! Hee-hee, alright, I'll ask you a question... Who are you most afraid of?
:'''Tin Man:''' ...Siobhan.
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' Woof! That's cheating! It doesn't count!
:'''Tin Man:''' Hey, why not? It's my turn now! I'm going to pick... Hey, you, the red one over there! Step up!
:'''Melancholy:''' I... I'm here!
:'''Tin Man:''' Did I call you? Go back! I mean... yeah, you! Yeah, I'll choose you.
:'''Lady:''' Oh, me?
:'''Tin Man:''' Yeah. Um... now I'm asking... Who's your favorite one to be with?
:'''Lady:''' Hey, I haven't said I choose "Truth" yet. But fine, I guess I can answer this question. My favorite... is... well... you know...
:'''Lady:''' Awww! It's too embarrassing! I'll go with "Dare"!
:'''Tin Man:''' ...Alright, then... blink three times.
:'''Lady:''' That simple? Then I'll start?
:'''Lady:''' Next, I'm going to choose... hmm... who should I choose?
:'''Melancholy:''' Why are you staring at me? Are you trying to bully me? *sigh* I knew it'd always end up like this.
:'''Lady:''' Hey, not at all! Hmph! I'll go with the big guy over there!
:'''Tin Man:''' Hee-hee, are you choosing me?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Why is she pointing at me...? Wait, can she see me?)
:'''Lady:''' Hey, yeah you. "Truth" or "Dare"?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (My choice is...)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I'll go with "Truth."
::'''Lady:''' Alright, here's my question. You must have heard of this famous quote, "For liberty, I will sacrifice my love." If it were you, which one would you choose? Liberty or love?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Liberty.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Love.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'd choose...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ⊂((・⊥・))⊃
::...I'll go with "Dare."
::'''Lady:''' Alright, I'm going to ask you to do this. Can you... perform that trick again?
::...That trick?
::Again? Really?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I'll go with "Dare."
::'''Lady:''' Alright, I'm going to ask you to do this. Can you... perform that trick again?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...That trick?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Again? Really?
:'''Lady:''' Yeah, that trick! Come on. I can't wait.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Well, let me give it a try...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ⊂((・⊥・))⊃
:'''Lady:''' Hehehehe! I haven't had this much fun in ages!
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Look back at the monsters' pasts{{subst:void|<!--802113102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />On your way, you meet the lounge's monsters. Find out what they are up to.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:'''Starlet:''' "Here, you will find two doors."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Of course I know that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's just get straight to the point.
:'''Starlet:''' "The door on the left means 'yes,' and the one on the right means 'no.'"
:{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; P_802113104)
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===First choice{{subst:void|<!--802113103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />Starlet has asked you a question. Your answer is...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to "that room"{{subst:void|<!--802113105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />Based on its plan, you must now proceed to "that room."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:'''Vitali:''' What is wrong with you? Why should I keep your useless self around if you can't even roll the dice right!?
:'''Spade:''' I&mdash;I'm sorry... I won't make this mistake ever again. Do you want... big or small?
:'''Vitali:''' You're asking me big or small? Are you really that stupid!? Can't you see the situation on the table? If most guests bet on the big side, you roll small. Otherwise, roll big! Have you forgotten what I told you!?
:'''Vitali:''' Let the most miserable loser win once every few rounds, and if someone questions us, find an excuse about having a tummy ache. The banker doesn't have to win all the time but must ensure nobody loses too much money! Do you remember now, you buffoon!?
:'''Spade:''' I... I need to use the bathroom...
:'''Vitali:''' I'm asking you to lie to the guests, not to me! You fool! Bring me the whip, and I'll make sure you never forget it!!
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' Woof! Please don't do that!
:'''Vitali:''' Scram, you stupid dog! All you do is chew on your stupid soda bottles. You can't even protect the house without causing losses! Get lost, now!
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' ...Waaaah!!
:'''Lady:''' That's so scary. I... I can't bear to watch such brutal scenes.
:'''Melancholy:''' *sigh* Let me cover your eyes.
:'''Tin Man:''' Master, maybe... forget about it for today...? And do it some other time...?
:'''Vitali:''' Did I ask you anything? Huh? DID I!? This is just a warning. One more word, and you're gonna get it, too!
:'''Tin Man:''' ...I understand.
:'''Vitali:''' Bah. I'm in a bad mood, so I'll take it out on you. You were made for entertainment, but you can't do anything right and keep wasting my money. You're good for being my practice dummy!
:'''Vitali:''' What's the point of owning you? Worthless pieces of junk! Why don't I just smash you up and sell you for parts!?
:'''Spade:''' Boohoooo...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Enough! Stop it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Taking it out on them only makes you look pathetic and useless.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (...Can he hear me?)
:{{tx}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_whip"
	}
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|You try to grab your trusty baseball bat, but it's nowhere to be found. The whip keeps hitting you, not really causing much pain, but the humiliation is so real.}}
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Starlet)
:'''Starlet:''' You've found the ultimate answer.
:'''Starlet:''' What's even more important than freedom... is companionship.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that the answer you were hoping for?
::'''Starlet:''' I don't know. Well, who really knows?
::Have you been waiting for me here for a while?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you been waiting for me here for a while?
:'''Starlet:''' Originally, reaching this room would have been impossible, because the room card was lost.
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Look back at the monsters' pasts{{subst:void|<!--802113106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />On your way, you meet the lounge's monsters again, but the scenario is somewhat different this time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:'''Starlet:''' "It's the same two doors as before."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't we have a different scene for once?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ah, the familiar ceiling.
:'''Starlet:''' "The door on the left means 'yes,' and the one on the right means 'no.'"
:{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; P_802113107)
:'''Starlet:''' We led a miserable life when we served The Family.
::'''Starlet:''' We may be called the Sweet Dreams Troupe, but there's nothing sweet about our dreams.
::'''Starlet:''' Now that you've decided to help Siobhan and make us return to the Sweet Dreams Troupe, do you know what that means?
::'''Starlet:''' We'll lose our freedom and be at the mercy of others again. No one cares about what mere tools like us think.
::'''Starlet:''' Breaking free is the only way to find happiness.
::'''Starlet:''' The Nightmare may be a problem for The Family, but for us, it's our only chance to escape.
::'''Starlet:''' Even if it drives me into a frenzy, I'm willing to risk everything at this point.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about... Siobhan?
:::'''Starlet:''' ...
:::I can't argue with that.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't argue with that.
::'''Starlet:''' Now, go back. You haven't fulfilled your duty yet.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Second choice{{subst:void|<!--802113107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />Starlet has asked you a question. Your answer is...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to "that room"{{subst:void|<!--802113108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />Based on its plan, you must now proceed to "that room."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:'''Starlet:''' "Now, here are the final doors."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this the end?
:'''Starlet:''' "The door on the left means 'yes,' and the one on the right means 'no.'"
:'''Starlet:''' "Riddle me this."
:'''Starlet:''' "Now that you have seen the real past, do you think we should return to the Sweet Dreams Troupe?"
:'''Starlet:''' "The so-called *normal life* is nothing more than just slavery for us."
:'''Starlet:''' "To us, *abnormality* means freedom."
:'''Starlet:''' "If we can't enjoy the sweet dream, why not embrace the other side?"
:'''Starlet:''' "So... what's your choice?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you asking me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you already have an answer?
:'''Starlet:''' "Perhaps..."
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
	"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
		"IsLocalPlayer": true,
		"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
		"AreaName": {
			"Value": "LevelArea_P44303_F44303002_G19"
		},
		"AnchorName": {
			"Value": "Anchor1"
		}
	}
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Weird, why am I back here again?)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_tearinvitation"
	}
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|In the blink of an eye, the gorgeous invitation is torn to shreds. Colors drain from the Dreamchaser's face instantly.}}
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Is this... Siobhan before she became a drinksmith?)
:'''Starlet:''' "That was our first encounter with Siobhan."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you haven't found your answer, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have the heart to leave her, do you?
:'''Starlet:''' "Now, please listen to my question: Do you think we should return to the Sweet Dreams Troupe?"
:'''Starlet:''' "The so-called *normal life* is nothing more than just slavery for us."
:'''Starlet:''' "To us, *abnormality* means freedom."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you've lost something else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's something else worth cherishing.
:{{Black Screen|In an instant, the words start to tremble violently, the strokes cascading off, forming a new sentence entirely.}}
:{{tx}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (...It said it wanted to hear my thoughts, but in the end, it poured out his own heart.)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Let me help him make his final decision.)
;(Unused &mdash; G20_Transfer)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Final choice{{subst:void|<!--802113112-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulations and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />Starlet has asked you a question. Your answer is...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to "that room"{{subst:void|<!--802113113-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Starlet's Emoscape|update|Starlet has prepared a Mindspace for simulation and wants to update you on the status of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.<br />After helping Starlet make a choice, you have finally arrived at "that room."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.DrinkMaker.WorkBook.DrinkMakerWorkBookPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "3"
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Day at the Hotel in Dreamscape
|zhs  = 梦境酒店之日
|zht  = 夢境飯店之日
|ja   = 夢境ホテルでの1日
|ko   = 꿈세계 호텔의 하루
|es   = Un día en el hotel del paisaje onírico
|fr   = Un jour à l'hôtel du Pays des rêves
|ru   = День в отеле Мира грёз
|th   = วันเวลาในโรงแรมแห่งแดนฝัน
|vi   = Một Ngày Ở Khách Sạn Cõi Mộng
|de   = Tag im Hotel der Traumwelt
|id   = Sehari di Hotel Dunia Mimpi
|pt   = Dia no Hotel do Mundonírico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
