<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Morose Monsters (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021101
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Morose Monsters (I).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Vignettes in a Cup
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Become A Drinksmith]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Siobhan; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|prev          = Become A Drinksmith
|next          = Morose Monsters (II)
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Traveler's Guide*3; Lost Crystal*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Morose Monsters (I)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Vignettes in a Cup]] event.

==Steps==
# Continue serving the customers

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Continue serving the customers{{subst:void|<!--802110101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|Siobhan, the manager of Dreamjolt Hostelry, offered you an assignment to temporarily take over the job of drinksmith.<br />Having learned the basics of mixing drinks, it's now time to serve the customers.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I'm about to blow a fuse already just after serving two customers!)
:'''Siobhan:''' ...Is everything going alright?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...This is by far the most infuriating thing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I feel like teaching them a lesson!
:'''Siobhan:''' Haha, it's normal to feel that way in the beginning. Please don't take it to heart. They're just too affected by the nightmare that they can be a bit twisted.
:'''Siobhan:''' When things were all good in the past, they were a bunch of lovely and sensible kids.
:'''Siobhan:''' ...I really appreciate your hard work.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I haven't done much.
::'''Siobhan:''' I'm already grateful because you can accept these monsters and treat them as equals.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I only lend my ear to them.
::'''Siobhan:''' And you respond to their issues well. I'm already grateful because you can accept these monsters and treat them as equals.
:'''Siobhan:''' Hmm, it's time to give you the "advanced lesson."
:'''Siobhan:''' A creative mind is key to mixing drinks. You need to come up with special blends based on the time and your customer's preferences.
:'''Siobhan:''' After I show you the ropes about "Free Mixing," you'll be able to craft drinks that aren't on the menu. This is something every drinksmith has to learn. Things could get boring if you keep dishing out the same recipes.
:'''Siobhan:''' For instance, I want a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|large, extra sweet}} drink that brings back happy memories of my past...
:'''Siobhan:''' Nothing on the menu fits the requirements. What should you do now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm... Let me think about it.
:'''Siobhan:''' Don't panic. Let me show you what to do.
:{{tx}}
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Morose Monsters (I)
|zhs  = 忧伤的怪物们·其一
|zht  = 憂傷的怪物們•其一
|ja   = 悲しき化け物たち・1
|ko   = 우울한 몬스터들•1
|es   = Monstruos melancólicos&nbsp;I
|fr   = Monstres moroses (I)
|ru   = Опечаленные монстры I
|th   = เหล่ามอนสเตอร์ที่เศร้าโศก 1
|vi   = Quái Vật Buồn 1
|de   = Melancholische Monster (Teil 1)
|id   = Para Monster yang Bersedih 1
|pt   = Monstros Taciturnos (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
