<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Morose Monsters (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Morose Monsters (II).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Vignettes in a Cup
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Morose Monsters (I)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Mr. Bigwig; Siobhan; Spade; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|prev          = Morose Monsters (I)
|next          = Morose Monsters (III)
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*150; Stellar Jade*10; Traveler's Guide*4; Lost Crystal*3; Credit*30,000
}}
'''''Morose Monsters (II)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Vignettes in a Cup]] event.

==Steps==
# Head to the Dreamjolt Hostelry
# Continue serving the customers
# Find the source of the argument
# Calm Spade and Mr. Bigwig down.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Head to the Dreamjolt Hostelry{{subst:void|<!--802110201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|Siobhan, the manager of Dreamjolt Hostelry, offered you an assignment to temporarily take over the job of drinksmith.<br />Time to get back in business.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (As expected, Siobhan is not around... Let's open for business.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue serving the customers{{subst:void|<!--802110202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|update|Siobhan, the manager of Dreamjolt Hostelry, offered you an assignment to temporarily take over the job of drinksmith.<br />Let's continue serving the customers.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the source of the argument{{subst:void|<!--802110203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|update|Siobhan, the manager of Dreamjolt Hostelry, offered you an assignment to temporarily take over the job of drinksmith.<br />It appears there's an argument going on in the lounge. What's happening?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Eh? Why is there a commotion...)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' I love this radio, woof! You broke it! I want you to pay for it!
:'''Spade:''' Oh. I'm sorry, and I didn't mean to break it. I just... held it too tightly and crushed it by accident, hahaha! Are you going to cry? More, please!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What happened?
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' Woof! I lent my radio to the dealer out of kindness, but he smashed it on the ground!
:'''Spade:''' There was no smashing of any kind... To be more precise, I only pinched it, and it shattered after I applied a little pressure. How fragile.
:'''Spade:''' Woah, woah, woah. Did you hear him? It wouldn't have happened if the radio was harder than the floor, would it?
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' *whimper*... You're clearly messing with me. I'll tear you into pieces, woof!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No fighting!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm the drinksmith, and I call the shots here!
:'''Spade:''' *sob*... I'm being framed, newcomer. You've got to help me out.
:{{tx}}
----
;(Unused &mdash; DrinkMakerBartendResultDialogClose)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Talk to Mr. Bigwig)
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Eh? Why is there a commotion...)

;(Talk to Spade)
:'''Mr. Bigwig:''' Woof! Drinksmith! Don't just cast me to the side...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Calm Spade and Mr. Bigwig down.{{subst:void|<!--802110208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|update|Siobhan, the manager of Dreamjolt Hostelry, offers you an assignment to temporarily take over the job of drinksmith.<br />Spade smashed Mr. Bigwig's radio, but neither thought they were at fault. Listen to what each of them has to say.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Bigwig)


;(Talk to Spade)

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{tx}}
----
----
:'''Siobhan:''' Hey, I'm back, (Trailblazer)!
:'''Siobhan:''' How'd it go? Did you like being a drinksmith while I was away?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I had a good time.
::'''Siobhan:''' Thanks for your hard work, but your face says it all. Tell it to me straight. What happened?
::All my mind can come up with are sad moments.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All my mind can come up with are sad moments.
:'''Siobhan:''' You look pretty cute when you're sad. What problems did you encounter? I'm all ears.
:'''Siobhan:''' Sharing is so important. It can double our blessings and cut our burdens in half. The work of a drinksmith is all about listening and chatting.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell Siobhan what happened.)
:'''Siobhan:''' So that's what happened. As the collapse of the Dreamscape accelerates, the monsters' emotions become increasingly unstable. Similar conflicts will only keep growing in number. Who knows, maybe we'll have a bigger headache to deal with later.
:'''Siobhan:''' But you did great. You're a bona fide drinksmith. Allow me to thank you on their behalf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this part of a drinksmith's gig, huh?
::'''Siobhan:''' As a drinksmith at "Dreamjolt Hostelry," handling the monsters' interpersonal relationships is all part of the job. Didn't I tell you right when you started? Being a drinksmith here isn't a walk in the park.
::I took the job voluntarily.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I took the job voluntarily.
:'''Siobhan:''' Hahaha. Then I really should thank you. After all... there aren't many people who'd dare work with monsters, and even fewer who'd be willing to treat them with sincerity like you have.
:'''Siobhan:''' Will you do something for me? Please make me a drink.
:{{tx}}
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Morose Monsters (II)
|zhs  = 忧伤的怪物们·其二
|zht  = 憂傷的怪物們•其二
|ja   = 悲しき化け物たち・2
|ko   = 우울한 몬스터들•2
|es   = Monstruos melancólicos&nbsp;II
|fr   = Monstres moroses (II)
|ru   = Опечаленные монстры II
|th   = เหล่ามอนสเตอร์ที่เศร้าโศก 2
|vi   = Quái Vật Buồn 2
|de   = Melancholische Monster (Teil 2)
|id   = Para Monster yang Bersedih 2
|pt   = Monstros Taciturnos (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
