<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#No Fooling Around#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021121
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission No Fooling Around.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Spade; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Spade's Emoscape]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Spade's Emoscape
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''No Fooling Around''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Vignettes in a Cup]].

==Steps==
# Capture the prank-loving Spade

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Capture the prank-loving Spade{{subst:void|<!--802112101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Spade's Emoscape|You've entered Spade's Emoscape. Now, you need to help it change its bad habit of pranking others!<br />But first, you'll need to catch it...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Spade:''' I got you! You fell for it!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Spade:''' You caught me! I&mdash;I'm sorry because I&mdash;I... am not there! Hahaha!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Spade:''' L&mdash;Let me go! ...I know I was wrong. I'm truly sorry, and I'll apologize to every dog around the world who has ever been bullied!
:'''Spade:''' From this moment on, I will be the protector of all dogs! I will make sure no dog ever cries and will do so until the day I die!
:'''Spade:''' I... I...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You want me to teach you another lesson?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this how you apologize?
:'''Spade:''' I... *sob*
:'''Spade:''' Actually... I didn't really do it on purpose. That wasn't it at all... It's just that, well, Siobhan hasn't been around recently. I thought maybe... if I made a scene, she might come back. Siobhan would come rushing back if the monsters were in trouble. I'm sure of it.
:'''Spade:''' So that's why... I smashed that idiot pooch's thing...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not a good reason, you know?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You shouldn't have done that, right?
:'''Spade:''' I know... I know... From here on out, I'll be sure to not bother or make fun of that idiot pooch.
:'''Spade:''' "Idiot pooch!" *slap* See how hard that slap was? It hurt so much I'll never forget!
:'''Spade:''' What if, *sniffle*... you let me off this time?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There won't be any second chances.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If this happens again, you'll get slapped ten times!
:'''Spade:''' Whoa whoa whoa! I've been miraculously revived!
:{{tx}}
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.DrinkMaker.WorkBook.DrinkMakerWorkBookPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "1"
	}
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 802110204-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.DrinkMaker.Handbook.DrinkMakerNewContentUnlockDialog",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "802110208"
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = No Fooling Around
|zhs  = 禁止胡闹
|zht  = 禁止胡鬧
|ja   = バカ騒ぎ禁止
|ko   = 소란 금지
|es   = Prohibido causar problemas
|fr   = Un peu de sérieux
|ru   = Довольно насмешек
|th   = ห้ามก่อความวุ่นวาย
|vi   = Cấm Gây Rối
|de   = Keine Mätzchen
|id   = Dilarang Berbuat Onar
|pt   = Sem Brincadeirinhas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
