<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tin Man's World#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021130
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Tin Man's World.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Vignettes in a Cup
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Lady; Melancholy; Siobhan; Spade; Tin Man; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Tin Man's Emoscape]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Tin Man's Emoscape
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Tin Man's World''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Vignettes in a Cup]].

==Steps==
# Come to the Dreamjolt Hostelry
# Talk to Lady
# Go to the lounge counter and get Siobhan's special drink
# Serve the Tin Man its special drink

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Come to the Dreamjolt Hostelry{{subst:void|<!--802113001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Tin Man's Emoscape|Tin Man wants to show you its dream lounge. Go and take a look at the lounge.<br />You meet up with Spade and Mr. Bigwig. However, they seem a little different from usual...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Tin Man:''' Watch and learn, new blood. This is what a good lounge should be like.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>
:'''Spade:''' Welcome back, Your Excellency, the esteemed and illustrious Lord Tick-Tock.
:'''Spade:''' It is my utmost fortune to have encountered your presence. How shall I extol the sun? Your radiance surpasses the splendor of syrup, and the humble lounge gleams with your arrival. In my heart, you are akin to the...
:'''Spade:''' SoulGlad's bottle cap! Without you, the entire bottle of SoulGlad... No, all joy would lose its meaning.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What's up with this guy?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait, that's not how he usually talks, right?
:'''Tin Man:''' Well said, my loyal servant! Now, I find myself at a crossroads. Show me the answer through your dance steps that portend the future: Which beverage befits this extraordinary journey?
:{{tx}}
:{{Black Screen|Before the sentence was finished, Mr. Bigwig suddenly ran over from a distance, shouting in alarm.}}
:{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; G13_DogRun)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAIMoveTo",
	"EntityInstanceID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 400002
		}
	},
	"GroupId": 13,
	"PointID": 1,
	"MotionFlag": "Run",
	"SkipStartTurn": true
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; G13_DestroyDog)
:<!--0.2-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Lady{{subst:void|<!--802113002-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Tin Man's Emoscape|update|Tin Man wants to show you its dream lounge. Go and take a look at the lounge.<br />How did Lady turn into a Tin Lady? You have no idea what happened. Go and ask about the situation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
----
:'''Lady:''' I beg your pardon. I did not intend to keep it concealed from you, I merely wished to... bring you a surprise.
:'''Lady:''' I have heard of a skilled drinksmith at the lounge, and I desired to pay homage to your greatness. Hence, I came here intending to learn how to craft delicious beverages. Please, I implore you, do not be angered with me.
:'''Lady:''' During your expedition, I gathered numerous accounts detailing your magnificent achievements.
:'''Lady:''' "...Behold! Which great hero led the Sweet Dreams Troupe to triumph against the Trashcan Kingdom?"
:'''Lady:''' "...Which hero trampled the presumptuous Tatalov beneath their feet and raised the banner of freedom and equality?"
:'''Lady:''' "We inquire, who is it? The soda bottles reply: It's His Excellency, Marshal Tick-Tock!"
:'''Lady:''' "We inquire, who is it? The billboards reply: It's His Excellency, Marshal Tick-Tock!"
:'''Lady:''' "We inquire, who is it? Replies the entire Dreamscape: It's His Excellency, Marshal Tick-Tock!"
:'''Melancholy:''' Me, too! Me too! I just wrote a poem for you. Please enjoy it!
:'''Melancholy:''' Behold, the renowned General Tick-Tock! In battle invincible, wisdom profound! Valiant and skilled, a warrior's might! Conquering his foe Tatalov, with his valorous light!...
:'''Tin Man:''' Hahahahahahaha. Such adulation! I was unaware that my renown had spread so far and wide, yet it is only befitting!
:'''Tin Man:''' However, let me enlighten you: That drinksmith is unsuitable. She is but an orphan I took in. She may tend to the tables, yet her ability to create anything of interest is doubtful.
:'''Tin Man:''' If you doubt my words, you...
:'''Siobhan:''' ...G&mdash;Good evening, Mr. Tick-Tock.
:'''Tin Man:''' Looks like you've failed to take heed of the lessons I taught you. When you speak, bow your head, extend your hands, and look up to me!
:'''Tin Man:''' How often have I instructed you to display courtesy to the guests!? But have you ever complied?
:'''Siobhan:''' I... I beg your pardon for my transgression. I've newly arrived at the lounge, and I'm unfamiliar with the rules here. I implore your pardon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey! Something is definitely wrong with her!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Just how much are you afraid of Siobhan?
:'''Tin Man:''' Alas, debating with such an ill-bred servant is a waste of time. Well, bring me beverages and showcase the extraordinary talents of the personal drinksmith in the esteemed service of Sir Tick-Tock, the Illustrious One!
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
	"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
		"IsLocalPlayer": true,
		"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
		"AreaName": {
			"Value": "LevelArea_P44303_F44303001_G14"
		},
		"AnchorName": {
			"Value": "Anchor1"
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the lounge counter and get Siobhan's special drink{{subst:void|<!--802113003-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Tin Man's Emoscape|update|Tin Man wants to show you its dream lounge. Go and take a look at the lounge.<br />It turns out that Siobhan and the group of monsters were pretending to obey Tin Man. It seems like you'll need to put on a convincing performance to resolve this situation as well.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1305800,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Serve the Tin Man its special drink{{subst:void|<!--802113005-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Tin Man's Emoscape|update|Tin Man wants to show you its dream lounge. Go and take a look at the lounge.<br />Siobhan had added special ingredients to that beverage. It will definitely teach Tin Man a good lesson this time!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.DrinkMaker.WorkBook.DrinkMakerWorkBookPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "4"
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tin Man's World
|zhs  = 铁皮人的世界
|zht  = 鐵皮人的世界
|ja   = ブリキマンの世界
|ko   = 양철꾼의 세계
|es   = El mundo del Hombre de hojalata
|fr   = Le monde de Boîte-de-conserve
|ru   = Мир Железяки
|th   = โลกของมนุษย์เหล็ก
|vi   = Thế Giới Của Người Thiếc
|de   = Welt des Blechmanns
|id   = Dunia Manusia Besi
|pt   = Mundo do Homem de Lata
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
