{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part II
|image         = 6.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta
}}
'''Part II''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' The sound of beating wings smash through the Architects' walls, and the clash between them come to a close... A Bigfoot's wife chooses to leave the Architects' group, leaving for distant lands with the gondola.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' You see a familiar Bigfoot Architect leaning against the base of the wall. He feebly laments his own poverty: he would always pick the cheapest hours to eat Nosewalkers grilled by the Furnace with his wife. To make ends meet, they could only live in a bastion room buried by bricks, enjoying scant moments of peace with each other. When they leave the bastion, the gondola just happened to be traversing this star system.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|We meet again!|You are pretty familiar with him.}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Wait with him.|You may need to wait a long while.}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' Time passes slowly. You lean in close to each other. Truly... there is only "waiting." Besides that, there is nothing else to do.
:'''Herta:''' "Time to go, (Trailblazer). Why aren't you still playing in the Simulated Universe?" [[Herta]] suddenly appears. She doesn't know what happened to you.
:'''Ember Universe:''' You wait a while longer, but nothing else happens... All that's left to do is to leave.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part II
|zhs  = 其二
|zht  = 其二
|ja   = その2
|ko   = II
|es   = Parte II
|fr   = Partie II
|ru   = II
|th   = ตอน 2
|vi   = Phần 2
|de   = Teil 2
|id   = Bagian II
|pt   = Parte II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
