{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 6.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' You pass by the foot of the Architects' wall where a sturdy statue can be seen before the city &mdash; except it is breathing. His body is old and massive like a wall, his whiskers grown long as time itself. Travelers passing by thought of setting his beard on fire to clean him up, but he always declined their help.
:'''Ember Universe:''' Finally, he sees you and recognizes you as a familiar friend. His eyes shimmer with a faint ripple of shock, but as an ancient wall statue... he is already too decrepit to move his feet anywhere.
:'''Ember Universe:''' "Outsider... I've been waiting for you. The Trailblaze, I know you." He mumbles. This Architect has been awaiting the return of the gondola all this time, "Three times... I've met you. The Trailblaze can traverse stars for eternity. If you happen to meet her, could I ask you to help me tell her... not to go...?"
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|I can try.|You keep making promises you don't even know if you can keep.}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|I don't think this is effective...|Poverty cannot separate people. Different ideals, however, can.}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' You bid him farewell... and make for the distant stars with his love in tow. He stays where he is... His language is one of an ancient wail: No one knows better than him that, in a sea of wild embers, waiting takes far longer than immortality itself.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part III
|zhs  = 其三
|zht  = 其三
|ja   = その3
|ko   = III
|es   = Parte III
|fr   = Partie III
|ru   = III
|th   = ตอน 3
|vi   = Phần 3
|de   = Teil 3
|id   = Bagian III
|pt   = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
