{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You arrive at the docking bay of the Freon Mechanical Alliance. It is a vast harbor with mechanical attendants everywhere.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A mechanical attendant leads you up a staircase, which you notice is formed by numerous mechanical arms. You keep going until you leave the harbor and see the sign of "Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The place is renovated in a style very much iconic to the IPC... You walk up to the counter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We sell our stuff cheaper at the port. That's it." The mechanical staff doesn't bother to explain too much &mdash; a signal for you to make your own choice.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Ambergris Cheese. &mdash; Curio Obtained: Ambergris Cheese.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio&colon; {{Item|Ambergris Cheese|20|type=Curio}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Casket of Inaccuracy. &mdash; Curio Obtained: Casket of Inaccuracy.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio&colon; {{Item|Casket of Inaccuracy|20|type=Curio}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fruit of the Alien Tree. &mdash; Curio Obtained: Fruit of the Alien Tree.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio&colon; {{Item|Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio}})
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -30 and 0 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Level up your Cognition.|Curio Obtained: Ambergris Cheese. Curio Obtained: Casket of Inaccuracy. Curio Obtained: Fruit of the Alien Tree.}}
:;(Obtain 3 random Curios&colon; {{Item|Ambergris Cheese|20|type=Curio}}, {{Item|Casket of Inaccuracy|20|type=Curio}}, and {{Item|Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio}})
{{Dialogue End}}