<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Battles Without Ninja and Humanity#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1034211
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Battles Without Ninja and Humanity.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Banana Outrage: Battles Without Ninja and Humanity
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Profnana"; Dan Heng; Rappa; Slumbernana Monkey; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Kingdom of Fiends: Moment of Slumbernana]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Kingdom of Fiends: Moment of Slumbernana
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*500; Stellar Jade*60; Traveler's Guide*8; Lost Crystal*6; Credit*80,000
}}
'''''Battles Without Ninja and Humanity''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[Banana Outrage: Battles Without Ninja and Humanity]].

==Steps==
# The Ultimate Hunt! In the quest for Profnana Primon!
# (Optional) Ninja Training: Awaken 40 Slumbernana Monkeys. Progress: 
# (Optional) Advanced Ninja Training: Awaken 60 Slumbernana Monkeys. Progress: 
# Catch up with Profnana Primon and put an end to this inverted dream!
# (Complete) Ninja Training: Awaken 40 Slumbernana Monkeys. Progress:
# Start the hunt and track down Profnana Primon using the pinball machine
# (Completed) Advanced Ninja Training: Awaken 60 Slumbernana Monkeys
# The arrow is ready to be loosed. Continue pursuing Professor Primon.
# Such is the ninja tech! Pursue Profnana Primon using the Bubble Pinball
# The arrow has been released. Continue pursuing Profnana Primon.
# Such is the ninja tech! Pursue Profnana Primon using the Bubble Pinball

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
----
:{{tx}}
----
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 106.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...The '''Banagibberish''' sounds from before have stopped.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 111.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' I shattered the fiendling's deception with my ninja talismans. Has everyone snapped out of their trance?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 107.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Looks like Mr. Reca did tell the truth. Your memory worked in overwriting the Slumbernana Monkeys' influences. Our speech seems to have gone back to normal too.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 108.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Is this the Moment of Slumbernana? This place is crawling with Slumbernana Monkeys. I'm guessing they're the '''Ripe Bananas''' from Paperfold University and Dreamflux Reef.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've been here before!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is the strange dream I mentioned!
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 112 f.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' That is true. This is undoubtedly the illusory realm Ninja (Trailblazer) and I had once visited. There were not as many fiendlings around back then. Looks like more and more people are being afflicted by the sorcery...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 113.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Fiendling Chief... You're behind all of this, aren't you?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 101.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Bana tsk, what a waste. If it wasn't for so many variables disrupting the plan, this place would have been even more bustling.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 109.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' You know what's even more of a waste? Your experiment's on its way to failure.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 102.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Let me make a guess. You want to destroy this place with the virus in her head?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 103.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' But look at all these monkeys! Do you really think that dated manga can replace the most fervent trend in the Dreamscape?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 114.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Of course that wouldn't work. Neither do I have any intentions of pushing ninja initiates to adopt the Way of the Dazzling Ninja.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 115.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' All we need to do is bring those disillusioned fans back to their senses to quell the rogue waves of fiendlings.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 110.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' There's no need to replace Slumbernana Monkeys with ninjas. We just have to snap them back to their senses. That alone is enough to undermine the influence of the memetic virus.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 111.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' And when people no longer blindly follow Slumbernana Monkey, we will be able to easily destroy this Dreamscape.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 104.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Hmph, looks like that Memokeeper gave you guys some '''banatips''' that good students shouldn't know about. In that case...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 105.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' I can only issue the "final exam" to you.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 116.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Bring it on. I'm ready for your challenge.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 117.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Laying down your challenge only to abscond? Despicable!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop right there!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Coward!!!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmph, think you can escape?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 112.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I can't tell what's up his sleeve, but we should take care of these Slumbernana Monkeys as soon as possible. Stopping the memetic virus is still our priority for now.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Ultimate Hunt! In the quest for Profnana Primon!{{subst:void|<!--103421102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Kingdom of Fiends: Moment of Slumbernana|update|The final Grand Hunt has begun! The ninjas, who have entered the hunting grounds, grasp their ninjutsu talisman tight, and shed blood and tears that they have seen &mdash; It's not just the blood and tears of the Dazzling Ninja Hero, but the blood and tears of the billions of victims ruined by Evil Ninja Osaru! This battle is not fought for ninja honor, but for the vengeance that had covered the very stars in the past, and to uproot the seeds of hatred in the future once and for all! Transform into the arrows of the Great Lan, lighting up the night, awakening those affected, and piercing through the fiendish foes!<br />Awaken the bewildered monkeys and pursue the fleeing Profnana! To the death! TO THE DEATH!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:<!--1-second delay-->
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 113.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' There are too many monkeys. It's best that we try to eliminate them.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 119.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' My ninja arts will only send the fiendlings out of this place. Fret not, freely use my ninja fist!
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Ninja Training: Awaken 40 Slumbernana Monkeys. Progress: {{subst:void|<!--103421110-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Advanced Ninja Training: Awaken 60 Slumbernana Monkeys. Progress: {{subst:void|<!--103421111-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Catch up with Profnana Primon and put an end to this inverted dream!{{subst:void|<!--103421107-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 103421111-->)
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 103421110-->)
;(Otherwise)
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 112.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Banahaha... Such perfect experimental results. It would be a waste to use it to eliminate you pests...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 113.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Banahaha... Despite the imperfections in the experimental results, it's more than sufficient for eliminating you pests...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 114.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Bana... The experimental results have been so badly damaged. You're such a bunch of unruly students...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 133.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Fiendling Chief, there's nowhere left to run. It's time to face your punishment delivered by my Dazzling Ninjutsu!
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 115.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 116.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' "AK-A-3," carrying high-quality primate genes selected from 32 civilizations for the atavistic experiment, went astray due to a trainee research ape's erroneous cultivation
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 117.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Moreover, that trainee research ape showed no remorse and even colluded with the Galaxy Rangers, resulting in a devastating loss for the laboratory. In the end, we're only left with an abysmal piece of "failure"...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 134.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' You're a fiendling who only knows how to take orders from the Evil Ninja and go around causing trouble. What right do you have to judge me?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 118.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Of course, it's because of... my dreams.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 119.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Let us continue from where the previous lecture left off: Bananas are plants that propagate asexually. Each rhizome can bear several buds that will grow into a sea of banana trees, thus eliminating hunger problems plaguing planets and perhaps even the entire universe.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 120.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' As for the selfish plants that place emphasis on personality and individuality, they will willfully spread their seeds and grow uncultivated. They only care about whether their genes are passed on but do not know to contribute to the cause of their kind.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 121.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Tell me, on a cosmic scale, which should be eliminated, and which should be left to thrive?
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 135.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Enough! Just shut up.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 136.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' When school started, you encouraged everyone to pursue their desires freely, but now you ridicule what it means to be free. Previously, you judged bananas to be a failed plant, but now you are singing praises of their selflessness.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 122.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Ugh... This... The context is different. You can't generalize it in this manner...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 137.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' When evil people do evil things, they always have a myriad of excuses to try and justify their own actions.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 138.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' You're self-contradictory and unreasonable, only striving to further your own agenda. There's no need to listen to such lessons!
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 139.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Fiendling Chief, rather than continuing to weave lies, why don't you think about your last words!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Class is dismissed!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} School is over!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Time for graduation!
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 123.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Failures... A bunch of failures that cannot be '''cultivated'''.
:{{tx}}

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 131 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 131 f.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' This is the place where I met (Trailblazer) before. It seems like the starting point of this formidable hunt will also be where it shall be concluded. How ingenious fate is...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 132.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' ...for the fiendlings to be here.
----
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::A failed lessonana...
::Unattainable dreams... are just like... the highest-hanging &mdash; OUCH bana!
::Mission. Accomplished!
::Agh!
;(Cutscene ends)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetLoadingStratageType",
	"StratageType": "Plain"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Complete) Ninja Training: Awaken 40 Slumbernana Monkeys. Progress:{{subst:void|<!--103421103-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 monkeys 101.ogg}} '''Slumbernana Monkey:''' Bananana! Bananana!
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 117.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' This bunch of monkeys seems like they are trying to stop us...
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 128.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Then let us snap them all out of their disillusionment!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Start the hunt and track down Profnana Primon using the pinball machine{{subst:void|<!--103421112-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 129.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' The number of Slumbernana Monkeys seems to be declining. The virus must have also been weakened somewhat.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 130.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' There aren't many fiendlings left. This is cause for us to rejoice!
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Completed) Advanced Ninja Training: Awaken 60 Slumbernana Monkeys{{subst:void|<!--103421119-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===The arrow is ready to be loosed. Continue pursuing Professor Primon.{{subst:void|<!--103421104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:<!--0.4-second delay-->
:{{tx}}
:<!--0.2-second delay-->
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 124.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' Are these floating mantras the inner voices of those ninja initiates? It seems the Fiendling Chief's beguiling isn't the only reason they gave up on the way of the ninja.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 danheng 114.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' That's right. Life in Penacony is not as ideal as what is seen on the surface. If someone is standing on the edge of a cliff, even a gentle breeze can easily tip them over.
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 rappa 125.ogg}} '''Rappa:''' We have to stop this breeze from growing. Even if the ninja initiates decide to make the leap, it should be a conscious choice of their own, and not sorcery that coerced them into it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Such is the ninja tech! Pursue Profnana Primon using the Bubble Pinball{{subst:void|<!--103421117-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

===The arrow has been released. Continue pursuing Profnana Primon.{{subst:void|<!--103421105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 39 jiaoshou 110.ogg}} '''"Profnana":''' Hurry up and give chase. Come on, the classroom is just ahead.
:<!--15-second delay-->
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Such is the ninja tech! Pursue Profnana Primon using the Bubble Pinball{{subst:void|<!--103421118-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Battles Without Ninja and Humanity
|zhs  = 无忍义之战
|zht  = 無忍義之戰
|ja   = 忍義なき戦い
|ko   = 인의(忍義) 없는 전쟁
|es   = Batallas sin ninjas ni humanidad
|fr   = Une guerre sans pitié
|ru   = Битвы без ниндзя и жалости
|th   = สงครามไร้วิถีนินจา
|vi   = Trận Chiến Vô "Nhẫn" Nghĩa
|de   = Kämpfe ohne Ninjas und Menschlichkeit
|id   = Perang Tanpa Ninja dan Kemanusiaan
|pt   = Batalhas sem Ninja e sem Humanidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
