<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Martial Arts Novel That Stopped Updating 300 Years Ago#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 203
|partIds      = 190427
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A serialized martial arts novel that was once all the hype in the Xianzhou. What a shame that it hasn't been updated for a long time.
|part1        = A Martial Arts Novel That Stopped Updating 300 Years Ago
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Martial Arts Novel That Stopped Updating 300 Years Ago''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...

In a silent room in the middle of the fleet, a wolf-head Master broke from his meditation and opened his eyes, facing up his fatal enemy.

At the moment, a graceful young lady was standing at the end of the corridor, like a sharp sword unleashing from its sheath. Countless spots of light encircled her, like stars breathing and dancing in the cosmos. If you look closer, you may find that the light spots are sealed in a translucent jar, like shrines immured on walls.

"These Core Esse..." The wolf-head Master uttered, "So they are what you obtained from the divine relic."

"The Master of Immortality only granted us power, but cultivated the seed of the sacred tree in you. How unfair..."

"I put thirty thousand people to death and had the anatomist dissect their live Core Esse for these Esse Shrine. I've made further studies of them."

"My studies have proven me right. The heart is for the sake of sustaining life, and Core Esse is to absorb power from the root. This organ is much more important than the heart. It can be regarded as the 'engine' of the body."

"Now I am using them to propel this fleet, using their organs to destroy their own alliance!"

The wolf-head man lifted off the gorgeous mantle that covered his chest, and revealed a jellyfish-like translucent armor coating his bulging muscles. He inhaled deeply, as if he could consume all the air within this narrow space. In seconds, his hunched body expanded muscle by muscle, and turned into a huge iron tower of flesh. The cracking bones and warping flesh generated a sharp and painful noise during the deformation, and quickly healed.

The wolf-head man has long been used to these pains. As he breathed, a weak glimmer of light overflowed from his mouth, nose, eyes, and ears. His Core Esse started to shine brightly.

"This armor fits well my blood and flesh. It is like it were an organ attached to my body. However, its prowess is yet to be tested."

"My opponents have all turned into balls of flesh with just one blow. Maybe the High-Cloud Quintet can help me know its true limit!"

The lady's eyes were as dark and cold as ice, as if the things happening in front of her were dull and uninteresting.

Thirty thousand soldiers, thirty thousand Core Esse that are kindles of life... She tried not to get distracted by the cruelty of the miracle before her eyes.

The subtle balance between the two sides is hard to maintain. One would take their advantage precisely when they get the chance. The wolf-head man soared forward as a mass of gray storm.

In the next heartbeat, the lady disappeared. The spot she stood before was only left with a sharp footprint. With a flicker of a sword flash, comes a loud sonic boom...

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Martial Arts Novel That Stopped Updating 300 Years Ago
|zhs  = 三百年前断更的武侠小说
|zht  = 三百年前停載的武俠小說
|ja   = 300年前に連載が休止した武侠小説
|ko   = 300년 전 연재가 중단된 무협 소설
|es   = Novela de artes marciales que lleva 300 años sin actualizarse
|fr   = Roman d'arts martiaux qui a cessé d'être mis à jour il y a 300 ans
|ru   = Новелла о боевых искусствах, которая не издавалась триста лет
|th   = นิยายศิลปะการต่อสู้ที่ไม่อัปเดตมาตั้งแต่สามร้อยปีก่อน
|vi   = Tiểu Thuyết Võ Hiệp Đã Dừng Ra Chương Mới Từ 300 Năm Trước
|de   = Seit 300 Jahren nicht mehr aktualisierter Actionroman
|id   = Novel Seni Bela Diri yang Berhenti Update 300 Tahun Lalu
|pt   = Livro de Artes Marciais que Deixou de Ser Atualizado Há 300 Anos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}