<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Advocate legal and reasonable care for animals, strictly prohibit illegal wildlife trade for "releases"#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 179
|partIds      = 190391
|title        = Advocate legal and reasonable care for animals, strictly prohibit illegal wildlife trades for "releases"
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A notice posted by an officer at the Realm-Keeping Commission.
|part1        = Advocate legal and reasonable care for animals, strictly prohibit illegal wildlife trades for "releases"
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Advocate legal and reasonable care for animals, strictly prohibit illegal wildlife trades for "releases"''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Dear Citizens,

It's human nature to love animals. Hoping animals can be freed comes from a sense of compassion. An old Xianzhou saying goes, "A nobleman steers clear of the kitchen." An ancient classic from the Primeval Imperium Age, ''Signs of the Netherealm'', tells of a sage imploring a hunter to release his quarry. Examples would be too numerous to list, all of which demonstrate the traditional virtue of the Xianzhou natives in caring for all living things.

However, we must be careful with how we care for animals. The illegal release of animals back into their natural environs may seem like a meritorious deed, but it actually bears several serious consequences.

In March last year, a criminal suspect Mr. Chai (461 years old) smuggled twenty Nosewalkers he'd purchased into the Ever-Hunt Plains with the intent of release into nature.

Nosewalkers, originated from the planet Hyai'i, have recently been introduced aboard the Xianzhou as a popular alien pet. But this seemingly cute, docile, and harmless pet actually has a dark side: Its size expands with that of its surrounding living space. When the Cloud Knights' hunting squad located the first of the nosewalkers, the largest had already grown to the size of two starskiffs.

Based on data published by the Hyai'i Federal Bureau of Biology and Medicine, the largest nosewalker ever recorded is half the size of the Luofu. Can you imagine the devastating consequences were Mr. Chai to release one of these animals onto the Ever-Hunt Plains? Or stepping back a mile, even if the animal itself isn't harmful, is there any way we can be sure of any unforeseen genetic reactions? We cannot.

Upon arrest, Mr. Chai pled that he was acting in good faith. We believe that most of these animal releases are well-meaning, but it's precisely this kind of goodwill that could bring immeasurable losses to the Xianzhou.

There is also a rumor circulating around the city that only alien species released in Xianzhou are harmful, and the release of Xianzhou-native animals cannot cause any harm.

This idea could not be further from the truth. In July, a criminal suspect Mr. Ling (242 years old) bought schools and schools of lightfish at the farmers' markets, and together with some other animal liberation activists released the fish without authority into the seas at Scalegorge Waterscape.

I trust that anyone with a hint of common sense can immediately realize how ignorant and cruel an act it is to release large volumes of carnivorous fish into the Scalegorge Waterscape waters. Therefore, despite the actions of Mr. Ling and his conspirators bearing out no serious repercussions, they must still be punished to the full extent of the law to serve as an example to others.

The Realm-Keeping Commission reiterates to all citizens: Only professionals are qualified to release animals (officially termed "reintroduction into the wild"), and any private release of animals is illegal &mdash; possibly even criminal!

We hope all citizens understand: Please care for animals rationally and scientifically, because ignorant kindness is often more dangerous than rational malice.

Realm-Keeping Commission Publicity Department

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Advocate legal and reasonable care for animals, strictly prohibit illegal wildlife trades for "releases"
|zhs  = 提倡合理合法爱护动物，严查违法违规「放生」动物
|zht  = 提倡合理愛護動物，嚴查違規「放生」行為
|ja   = 合理的かつ合法的な動物愛護を提唱、動物の違法・不法な「放逐」を厳しく取り締まる
|ko   = 합리적이고 합법적인 동물 애호를 권장하며 위법적인 동물 「방생」을 엄격히 검사한다
|es   = Promoción del cuidado legal y responsable de animales y prohibición tajante del comercio ilegal de fauna para su "liberación"
|fr   = Promotion des soins légaux et rationnels pour les animaux, dénonciation des échanges illégaux d'animaux sauvages dans le but de les «&nbsp;relâcher&nbsp;»
|ru   = Призыв к законному и разумному обращению с животными и строгий запрет на нелегальную торговлю дикими особями «для освобождения на волю»
|th   = ส่งเสริมการคุ้มครองสัตว์อย่างถูกหลักการและกฎหมาย พร้อมทั้งตรวจสอบการ "ปล่อย" สัตว์ที่ผิดกฎหมายอย่างเข้มงวด
|vi   = Đề xướng việc yêu quý, bảo vệ động vật hợp lý và hợp pháp, kiểm soát và nghiêm trị hành vi "phóng sinh" động vật phạm pháp
|de   = Förderung der legalen und angemessenen Pflege von Tieren, striktes Verbot des illegalen Handels mit Wildtieren zum Zweck der „Auswilderung“
|id   = Dukung perlindungan hewan secara legal dan masuk akal, melarang keras hewan liar yang "dilepaskan" secara ilegal
|pt   = Advocar Cuidados Legais e Sensíveis Para Animais, Proibir Estritamente Negociações Ilegais de Vida Selvagem Para "Lançamentos"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}