<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Amnesic Meditation Therapy: A Guide to A Long, Healthy Life!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 158
|partIds      = 190339
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An advertisement that claims to be a therapy to avoid becoming mara-stricken. Heirs to this line of therapy decide to violate the work of their ancestors.
|part1        = Amnesic Meditation Therapy: A Guide to A Long, Healthy Life!
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Amnesic Meditation Therapy: A Guide to A Long, Healthy Life!''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Did you know that over 80% of Xianzhou residents over the age of 800 will suffer from being mara-struck?<br />
Did you know that over 50% of Xianzhou residents fail to celebrate their 900th birthday in a conscious state?<br />
Did you know that fewer than 10% of Xianzhou residents are aware that the amnesic meditation therapy can cure senescence 100% of the time?

The root cause behind mara-struck is the excessive collection of meaningless memories.<br />
Think about it &mdash; Do you really need to remember the names of your childhood buddies? Do you really need to remember dismal work experiences? Do you really need to remember every failed relationship?<br />
All of these unnecessary memories are the main culprits behind being mara-struck!

Scientific research shows that 60% of the human brain's functions are outside of personal control, such as having a heartbeat, breathing, sleeping, metabolism, and '''memory management!'''<br />
However, Dr. Kang Tu, whose family has possessed the secret of the amnesic meditation therapy for generations, has proved to us that the removal of memories '''can be manually controlled'''!<br />
Dr. Kang Tu is 3176 years old, but is still agile of mind and open to new ideas.

The doctor told us: <br />"Every generation of my family has avoided being mara-struck and lived with a clear head for thousands of years &mdash; all due to the meditation practices passed down through my family."<br />
"My elders always warned me not to pass on this secret to the world. It would not be good if all of Xianzhou lived forever."<br />
"However, after witnessing so much pain here, I've decided to go against my ancestors' wishes!"<br />
"Now, all you need to do is buy my amnesic meditation therapy device, and you'll easily forget all the useless memories of yours &mdash; and gain a brain full of peace and quiet!"

'''Patient Interviews'''

Wenjin (2434 years old): "Ever since I started using the amnesic meditation therapy device, I've forgotten all of my awkward school memories! I forgot getting beaten up by that poxy bully, and forgot how the girl I liked back at school ended up dating my junior... I've forgotten them all! A happy demeanor is how to ward off the ravages of mara!"

Sisong (1453 years old): "I started feeling powerless in my daily life as I got older... But since I started using amnesic meditation therapy device, I've forgotten those halcyon days of my youth &mdash; so I feel I'm living out my golden years now! The amnesic meditation therapy device has brought me back to peak condition!"

Huayi (1800 years old): "Lots of people say the amnesic meditation therapy device has got to be fake, and that I fudge my age. All I have say to the doubters and the haters is &mdash; buy a device and try it yourself! Your mind will be clearer, and you'll realize how foolish your doubts were!"

Good news! Good news! The amnesic meditation therapy device is in negotiations with the Ten-Lords Commission to become the first official product of the Xianzhou Mara-Struck Rescue Project! When that happens, you'll all have the chance to shake free from the shackles of mara and enjoy a healthy, eternal life!

Now, to give something back to our customers, Dr. Kang Tu has launched a time-limited pre-order pack. You can have the opportunity to experience the extraordinary effects of amnesic meditation therapy device before it makes it into thousands of Xianzhou households!

As the saying goes, first in, first served. Don't miss out! Pick up your jade abacus and place that order, now! The first hundred lucky customers will also score a nutritious bundle of grains, flour, rice, and cooking oils from NutriTreasures!

Don't miss out! It's now or never!

Please look out for: '''amnesic meditation therapy devices. Stay healthy forever!'''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Amnesic Meditation Therapy: A Guide to A Long, Healthy Life!
|zhs  = 冥想遗忘疗法：健康长生，直到永恒！
|zht  = 冥想遺忘療法：健康長生，直到永恆！
|ja   = 瞑想忘却療法：健康と長寿、永遠に！
|ko   = 명상 망각 요법:영원히 오래오래 건강하게 지내자!
|es   = Terapia de meditación amnésica: ¡guía para una vida larga y saludable!
|fr   = Thérapie de méditation amnésique&nbsp;: Guide pour une longue vie saine&nbsp;!
|ru   = Амнестическая медитация: Путеводитель долгой и здоровой жизни!
|th   = การรักษาด้วยวิธีทำสมาธิลืมเลือน: เพื่อสุขภาพที่แข็งแรงและยั่งยืนตลอดไป!
|vi   = Liệu Pháp Thiền Quên Lãng: Khỏe Mạnh Trường Sinh Vĩnh Hằng!
|de   = Amnesische Meditationstherapie: Eine Anleitung für ein langes, gesundes Leben!
|id   = Terapi Lupa Meditatif: Sehat dan Umur Panjang Selamanya!
|pt   = Terapia de Meditação Amnésica: guia para uma vida longa e saudável!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}