<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#An Appeal from the Vidyadhara#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 199
|partIds      = 190422;190423
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 2
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A letter of appeal from the Vidyadhara Preceptors of the Luofu to the Six Charioteers.
|part1        = (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = (II)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''An Appeal from the Vidyadhara''' is a 2-part [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===(I)===
{{Size|32|'''To the Esteemed Six Charioteers of the Luofu:'''}}

With the great calamity quelled, the voracious enemy subdued, and the treacherous rebels expelled, the Luofu has once again returned to peace. What a joyous day this is.

My people have suffered much in this crisis. The wounded include 12 Preceptors, 253 Pearlkeepers, and 116 alchemists and healers. There are 1285 who have completely perished in this disaster, and over 3000 are still missing.

While we lament these losses, we dared not forget our duty. Since the time of the High Elder Yubie, the Vidyadhara of the Luofu have shouldered the duty of keeping watch over the Ambrosial Arbor. However, when the disaster struck and the seals were loosened, all the elites of my people could not return it to its previous form. Therefore, we beseech the Six Charioteers to ask the Ten-Lords Commission to return the sinner Dan Feng to us, let him restore the seals, and mete out his punishment at a later time.

<div align="right">{{Size|32|'''Yours respectfully,<br />Suguang, Vidyadhara Preceptor'''}}</div>

...<br />...

<div align="right">''"General, the Vidyadhara's letter of appeal is here" &mdash; Qingzu.''</div><br /><div align="right">''"They gave this to the Six Charioteers and not to the Ten-Lords Commission, probably knowing that the Commission would never reply to them, thus deciding to appeal to the Six Charioteers instead. I didn't anticipate my first problem as the general would be something completely unrelated to military affairs..."''</div>

===(II)===
{{Size|32|'''To the Esteemed General Jing Yuan:'''}}

I was alarmed to learn that you had signed an exile order to permanently cast out the sinner Dan Feng from the Luofu. Whereon do you place the reputation of the Luofu's Vidyadhara with this order, general?

According to the deal between the Alliance and Caelorum Venti of the Yaoqing, the sinner Dan Feng was to be spared from death and instead suffer the punishment of molting rebirth. After that, according to Vidyadhara customs, Dan Feng should have been regarded as a new being and his sins forgiven. However, the Ten-Lords Commission detained him under the guise of educating the young man, while keeping him prisoner in truth. We have endured this for so long due to the truly astounding nature of his sin. Were he not to suffer for some days within the Shackling Prison, the multitudes of Luofu residents would not be appeased in their anger.

However, general, you have arbitrarily terminated his sentence and decided to exile Dan Feng. Was this a consensus reached after a discussion with the Six Charioteers? And was this sent to the Marshal to be confirmed? If your action stemmed from your past friendship with Dan Feng, then we regret to inform you that we cannot accept such a sentimental gesture. We Preceptors will appeal to the Alliance and inform the other four High Elders, and we will seek to have you retract this order.

<div align="right">{{Size|32|'''Yours respectfully,<br />Shaoying, Vidyadhara Preceptor'''}}</div><br />...<br />...

<div align="right">''"The Vidyadhara handed us thousands of letters of appeal during the past few centuries... and this one has the harshest wording. They are running out of patience." &mdash; Qingzu''</div><br /><div align="right">''"The exile was approved by the Ten-Lords Commission. Since Dan Feng had already been reborn and his sins are to be forgotten, why won't the Preceptors allow him to leave this troubled place...? Interesting."''</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = An Appeal from the Vidyadhara
|zhs  = 来自持明的诉折
|zht  = 來自持明的訴折
|ja   = 持明からの訴状
|ko   = 비디아다라로부터의 청원
|es   = Apelación de los vidyadhara
|fr   = Un appel des Vidyadhariens
|ru   = Официальные письма видьядхара
|th   = คำร้องเรียนจาก Vidyadhara
|vi   = Lời Kêu Gọi Từ Vidyadhara
|de   = Ein Ansuchen des Vidyadhara
|id   = Permohonan Banding dari Vidyadhara
|pt   = Um Apelo dos Vidyadharas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}