<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Anecdotes from the Wardance Arena#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 397
|partIds      = 190692
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A manuscript about the tournament left behind by an unknown reporter. It is filled with half-truths and exaggerations, describing the amazing exploits of many contestants in a jaw-dropping manner...
|part1        = Anecdotes from the Wardance Arena
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Anecdotes from the Wardance Arena''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Since its inception, the Xianzhou Wardance has consistently showcased a myriad of heroes. Yet, after each tournament concludes, only the winner becomes the talk of the town, and other participants are quickly forgotten. How tragic!

Although I am not a martial artist, I have long held deep sentiments from watching the clashes of heroes and the rivalries of the mighty. Not wishing for these extraordinary tales from the arena to be lost to time and forgotten by all, I have taken up my pen to record their deeds, so that future generations may have a chance to appreciate their predecessors.

'''1. Neutron Swordmaster'''

A nameless swordmaster who showed up at the Wardance alone, carrying a pair of longswords forged from two neutron stars on their back. Each three feet long, these indestructible swords cut through steel like a hot knife through butter. Only masters who have honed both their bodies and skills to perfection can wield them efficiently.

In their first match &mdash; one worthy of being hailed as a clash of the finest heroes and blades &mdash; Neutron Swordmaster faced off against an opponent wielding a blade forged from a white dwarf. The two engaged in a fierce swordfight, thoroughly enjoying themselves as they pitted their skills against each other. Little did they know, however, that the intense clash between neutron star and white dwarf would hammer out a mini-wormhole right in the arena! In an instant, the wormhole swallowed Neutron Swordmaster's opponent whole, transporting them to an unknown corner of the galaxy. The fan-favorite swordmaster was then tasked by the tournament organizers to find the missing contestant, leaving Xianzhou and embarking on a journey across the universe in search of them.

As for what comes after, that's a story for another time.

'''2. Spider-Boy Dodoconey'''

As you may know, the Wardance is not only open to the Xianzhou people but also to the entire universe, often attracting skilled outworlders to compete in it. In my opinion, the most outstanding Outworlder in this year's tournament is undoubtedly Spider-Boy Dodoconey.

By leveraging his biological advantage and undergoing relentless training, Dodoconey can wield eight different weapons simultaneously with his eight arms, each using a combat technique corresponding to the weapon. It is said that before competing in the Wardance, Dodoconey once trained under the galaxy's martial arts grandmaster, Wraithcave. While under Wraithcave's tutelage, Dodoconey traveled to eight planets with extreme environments, where he eventually mastered Octorealm, the famed ultimate technique that made him unbeatable in the arena.

However, Dodoconey ultimately did not make it to the end, instead falling on the stage in his fourth match. The reason? Being a telepathic spider, Dodoconey was well past the age to be called Spider-Boy. You guessed it right &mdash; he died of old age!

'''3. Void Song Whale Ulpo'''

If one were to ask me to name the contestant with the least showmanship in the Wardance, it would undoubtedly be Ulpo, sect master of The Void Song Whale Fist and one of the successors to Xianzhou's ancient pictographic boxing arts. Long before the tournament even began, this Vidyadhara martial artist had already garnered a large following among fellow practitioners due to his outstanding skills and good looks. His famous tagline? "None can withstand a strike of The Void Song Whale Fist. If they do, then knock them out with one more!"

And true enough, Ulpo has perfected this technique. Compared to the eccentric moves of his fellow sect members, Ulpo's battle style is remarkably straightforward. He simply strikes repeatedly with The Void Song Whale Fist, easily overpowering opponents with sheer brute strength.

While I believe that martial arts should not only be practical but also aesthetically appealing, my opinion ultimately did not matter, as Ulpo had to withdraw from the tournament due to family disputes. A true shame!

'''4. Danil and Aurumaton XIV'''

The reason I've grouped these two together is not only because they are both Intellitrons. More importantly, they are both disciples of Wraithcave and possess the special ability to predict their opponent's next move. Their formidable computational power allowed them to cruise through the tournament... until they faced each other.

In their match, Danil went first and started predicting their opponent's next move. In keeping up with Danil, Aurumaton XIV, too, began to predict the former's next move. In turn, Danil went on to predict Aurumaton XIV's subsequent move, and so forth. Eventually, the two Intellitrons entered a logic deadlock where neither made a single move, and the helpless organizers had no choice but to carry them off the arena.

Although the organizers in Xianzhou have expressed that these two contestants will retain their eligibility to participate in the next Wardance despite not finishing their match, I can't help but be concerned nonetheless. After all, even if countless Amber Eras were to pass, their duel would likely remain unfinished. But I suppose this is a fine example of what an ancient Xianzhou martial artist once said:<br />
"Students taught by the same master can never outplay one another."

'''5. Cloudfreed'''

In its long history, the rules of the Luminary Wardance have been changed and refined numerous times. However, there are always situations that defy common sense in this vast universe, putting everyone involved in a dilemma. This is also why Cloudfreed, a contestant unknown to most, has been included in these records.

Cloudfreed's age and race are unknown, and the Cloud Metamorphosis technique they practice is characterized by the obfuscation of the boundary between material and consciousness. The further the practitioner advances in the technique, the more incorporeal their form becomes. Up until this point, readers of these records may be inclined to think that Cloudfreed is but one of the odder contestants in a field of masters. Yet, I would implore you to read on before jumping the gun.

During the final match, Cloudfreed finally attained the ultimate form of this technique. Their corporeal body was stripped away until they fully became a spiritual being. To describe this phenomenon in a scientific manner: They had turned into a memetic entity. Cloudfreed, as a memetic entity, could not attack those with material forms. Similarly, their opponent had no way of hitting them either. The two could only stare helplessly at each other in the arena. According to the competition rules, a memetic entity is ineligible to compete... But what if the contestant had had a corporeal form before stepping into the arena? This lack of clarification resulted in the organizers having a hard time determining the victor of this bout.

Cloudfreed did not take this outcome to heart, however. After yelling "I've finally done it!", he flew away from the arena, never to return again.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Anecdotes from the Wardance Arena
|zhs  = 演武仪典擂台逸话
|zht  = 演武儀典擂台逸話
|ja   = 演武典礼・演武台秘話
|ko   = 연무 의식 연무장 일화
|es   = Anécdotas de la arena de la ceremonia de Habilidades Estelares de Combate
|fr   = Anecdotes de l'arène de la Danse martiale
|ru   = Анекдоты Церемонии боевых искусств
|th   = เรื่องราวเก็บตกจาก "พิธีดวลยุทธ์"
|vi   = Giai Thoại Võ Đài Lễ Diễn Võ
|de   = Anekdoten aus der Kampfkunstzeremonie-Arena
|id   = Anekdot dari Arena Ritual Bela Diri
|pt   = Anedotas da Arena da Dança da Guerra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}