<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Arma Correctional Group Recruitment Notice#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 391
|partIds      = 190686
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Enter the Shackling Prison and find a job!
|part1        = Arma Correctional Group Recruitment Notice
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Arma Correctional Group Recruitment Notice''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Will you end your lives here in prison, fettered like dogs?<br />No!<br />Even fallen into the depths of jail, your lives are still full of infinite possibilities!<br />Join the Arma Correctional Group and join me to help the myriad convicts!

Become one of us, and we promise you:<br />You will be the first to enjoy the Group's latest breakthroughs in research! Can imprisonment really be this entertaining, you say?<br />Become a hero amongst your cellmates! Who will be able to get the best stuff?<br />Own the chance to atone for your crimes with Arma! Freedom is within your reach!

This position requires:<br />Proficiency in basic product research and user profile development.<br />The ability to investigate, evaluate, and sift through partnership opportunities with various industry brands.<br />A willingness to actively communicate with material suppliers to optimize our product and technology.<br />The ability to push for progress and bring partnership product designs and marketing proposals to reality.

We hope that you:<br />Have implanted Synesthesia Beacon or higher education, or were convicted of deception and fraud.<br />(Bonus points to those who were convicted of beguilement!)<br />Have three or more years of work experience, and were the mastermind of at least three or more criminal activities.<br />(No violent crimes please! We're a peaceful organization!)<br />Both your sentence and life expectancy have to be at least two hundred or more years.<br />(We hope you'll work long-term with us!)<br />Death row convicts need not apply.<br />(This is very important!)

The Arma Correctional Group eagerly awaits your participation!



<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Arma Correctional Group Recruitment Notice
|zhs  = 阿合马铁窗集团招聘启事
|zht  = 阿合馬鐵窗集團招募公告
|ja   = アハマ鉄窓グループ求人案内
|ko   = 아르마 철창 그룹 채용 공고
|es   = Notificación de reclutamiento del Grupo Correccional Arma
|fr   = Avis de recrutement du Groupe correctionnel d'Arma
|ru   = Объявление о найме Тюремной корпорации Армы
|th   = ประกาศรับสมัครของ "บริษัทลูกกรงเหล็ก Arma"
|vi   = Thông Báo Tuyển Dụng Của Tập Đoàn Cửa Sắt Arma
|de   = Stellenausschreibung für die Arma-Justizvollzugsgruppe
|id   = Pengumuman Rekrutmen Serikat Lapas Arma
|pt   = Anúncio de Recrutamento do Grupo Correcional Armah
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}