<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Borisin Folk Song Collection#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 271
|partIds      = 190521
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A collection of borisin folk songs, with annotations and editing by the Cultural Anthropology Department of the Grand Virtue Academy.
|part1        = Part I
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Borisin Folk Song Collection''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To the Venerable Ten Lords,

I'm Dr. Zongguang, a doctor in cultural anthropology from the Luofu's Grand Virtue Academy.

Together with a team of twenty-six dedicated researchers and students, we have collected and recorded the cultural phenomenons regarding the borisin tribes and hunting rituals. Our journey led us to scour battlefields in search of war relics, seek out freed slaves, and even conduct field research by infiltrating borisin settlements under the guise of an IPC trade team.

Throughout our research, we lost three researchers, including my own mentor.

Now the research and data compilation effort spanning six decades has drawn to a close, we humbly present this tome titled ''Borisin Folk Song Collection''. Within its pages, you will find a comprehensive compilation of two hundred and fifty-one oral epics and ballads of the borisin, serving as a valuable reference.

<div align="right">Dr. Zongguang, Anthropologist from the Luofu Grand Virtue Academy</div>

...

27. The Birth of Duran [1]

Borisin were short-lived, skinner than most.<br />We dared not move about in broad daylight, fighting for survival in the shadows of night.[2]<br />In clouds came, down rain poured, lightning flashed and thunder roared.<br />A din, a crack, a peal, a crash, and from the sky fell flesh and blood smashed.<br />Muttering prayers with scrape and bows, the great Shaman fell on his knees, repeatedly genuflected,<br />claiming that this was a fortuitous mark, a sign of the Master of Immortality's heart.[3]<br />Seventy-two days later, the tribe's chieftain child was born.[4]<br />Strong and powerful as a wild beast right from the womb born,<br />That was Duran, our first Warhead.

Footnote:<br />[1] This folk song holds significant importance in the ritualistic practices of the borisin. It should be noted that the borisin possess a distorted understanding and interpretation of the concepts embodied by the Plagues Author. Instead of establishing worship for the Plagues Author, the first Warhead, Duran, cunningly utilized this worship to solidify the foundation of the borisin's racial identity.

[2] Current archaeological excavations have verified the authenticity of this aspect. During the era preceding their acquisition of long life, the borisin indeed endured slow progress due to the harsh natural environment of their homeworld.

[3] No concrete evidence supports the occurrence of this plague catastrophe in history. Certain historical sources suggest that the author of these songs fabricated this legend to validate the divine legitimacy of Duran's reign.

[4] The motif of "a baby born after mere days of conception" is a recurring heroic theme in borisin songs and has become an established literary device. According to their songs, nearly all of their Warheads spent only a few days in their mothers' wombs.

...

28. Duran's Pilgrimage to the Master of Immortality [1]

Duran treads the thorny road, seeking the Master of Immortality,<br />that borisin might rule over all creation, from death and suffering given salvation.[2]<br />But the Master of Immortality did not bless all, saying only the strong would never fall.[3]<br />The Master of Immortality commanded the foxian, myriads strong to guard the tree of mystic where the weak didn't belong.[4]<br />Master of Immortality then left Duran with a beast, the Taowu seeking the sweet dew from the treetop, a feast.<br />Duran and the Taowu tore through the ranks, killing thousands upon thousands as their foe's numbers shrank.[5]<br />THEY killed till flesh shards and broken bones filled the air. THEY killed till living foxian would show neither hide nor hair.<br />Duran walked the river of blood to the divine tree, and piously taking the dew from the freshest branch tip, took a knee.<br />Duran, immortality claimed, asked the Master again: "Would you not share your blessing with my fellow kin?"<br />From the clouds the great Master let dew fall to the land, and all creatures now lived till the cosmos's end.[6]<br />Having enlightened existence, the Master of Immortality commanded, that the million foxians vanquished would be by defeat branded:<br />"Conquered by Duran, who conquered the tree, you shall be borisin's slaves for perpetuity."[7]<br />Granting the borisin bodies of steel, he mandated us to conquer the heavens to repay his goodwill.[8]

Footnote:<br />[1] While this folk song is a significant foundation of the borisin's collective racial memory, its historical accuracy is questionable. It indeed portrays several important events in the borisin's history, but does so with a considerable amount of dramatization.

[2] Existing historical and archaeological evidence suggests that the unexpected rise of the borisin can be attributed to the indiscriminate dissemination of the plague catastrophe by the Plagues Author. After all, considering the level of civilization of the borisin during that time, it is implausible that they actively initiated contact with the Aeon.

[3] Even for the Plagues Author, this statement would be a blatantly defamatory remark. It is evident that the borisin interprets the concept of "Abundance" based on their own cultural norms and values.

[4] This folk song fabricates a narrative in which "the Master of Immortality ordered the foxians to test the borisin," using this fictional myth to provide a supposed justification for the borisin's enslavement of the foxians.

[5] Based on current archaeological evidence, it is believed that after the borisin gained longevity, at least two Amber Eras had passed before they created the beast ships they currently use. The reference to "Taowu" in this context should be considered fictional. After all, without the means for interstellar travel, it is impossible for Warhead Duran to embark on a pilgrimage to the Aeon.

[6] This portion is intriguing. According to the story, the Plagues Author did not originally intend to bestow immortality upon all individuals. It was the Warhead who requested this blessing for everyone. This supports the editor's assertion in the commentary in Song #27 that "Instead of establishing worship for the Plagues Author, the first Warhead, Duran, cunningly utilized their worship to solidify the foundation of the borisin's national identity."

[7] The purpose of this part is solely to legitimize the borisin's enslavement of the foxians.

[8] Similarly, the purpose of this part is to legitimize the borisin's policy of plundering and invading other civilizations.

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Borisin Folk Song Collection
|zhs  = 步离人民歌集
|zht  = 步離人民歌集
|ja   = 歩離人民謡集
|ko   = 보리인 민요집
|es   = Colección de canciones populares de los borisin
|fr   = Recueil de chansons folkloriques borissiennes
|ru   = Сборник песен борисинцев
|th   = รวมเพลงพื้นบ้าน Borisin
|vi   = Tuyển Tập Dân Ca Người Boris
|de   = Sammlung von Volksliedern der Borisin
|id   = Koleksi Lagu Rakyat Borisin
|pt   = Coleção de Músicas Folclóricas dos Borisins
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}