<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cloud Knights Against the borisin#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 156
|partIds      = 190331
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A Foxian Drum Chant story that tells of the brutal battle between a Cloud Knights general and the borisin. Famous throughout the Xianzhou.
|part1        = Cloud Knights Against the Borisin
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Lan; Yaoshi
|factions     = Borisin
}}
'''Cloud Knights Against the borisin''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...<br />
(spoken)<br />
The general saw a poor, helpless orphan. Outside the city, the borisin forces laid siege to the city. The general stopped and asked the boy a question.

''"Boy, why aren't you running for your life? You can't blame heaven and earth if you just wait for the borisin to come and kill you!"''

The orphan did not grow timid in the presence of the general, but as soon as he opened his mouth, tears were running down his face.

(sung)<br />
''<div align="center">My good general! Disease and swords were at our doorstep.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">My mother and I escaped to another planet.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">She passed on as we wandered around, homeless and wretched.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">How could my heart not be filled with sorrow!</div>''

''<div align="center">The general cried as he heard the orphan's tale.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">How could one bear to see my family so miserable!?</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">I will cut down the evil monsters by the sacred order.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">Who can endure such loneliness?</div>''<br />
...

...<br />
(spoken)<br />
The general charged onto the borisin ship. Thousands of monsters appeared along the bridge. The general looked at his foes and grinned. He thought to himself:

(sung)<br />
''<div align="center">I will put an end to all our future troubles</div>''<br />
''<div align="center"> to be settled with the Plagues Author!</div>''

(spoken)<br />
I saw him shout as the qi moved from his Well. There is a saying that goes &mdash;

(sung)<br />
''<div align="center">The general shouted on the bridge.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">He shouted so loudly that even the comets reversed their tracks.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">The Reignbow Arbiter gifted me a longsword</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">to cut off your head and break your chains.</div>''<br />
''<div align="center">The day I come to the Hall of Karma, </div>''<br />
''<div align="center">I shall have nothing to hold on to for this life!</div>''<br />
...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cloud Knights Against the borisin
|zhs  = 云骑斗步离
|zht  = 雲騎鬥步離
|ja   = 雲騎と歩離の戦い
|ko   = 운기군과 보리인의 결투
|es   = Nimbocaballeros contra borisin
|fr   = Les Chevaliers des nuages contre les Borissiens
|ru   = Облачные Рыцари против борисинцев
|th   = Cloud Knight ปะทะ Borisin
|vi   = Vân Kỵ Đấu Boris
|de   = Wolkenritter gegen die Borisin
|id   = Cloud Knight Melawan Borisin
|pt   = Cavaleiros das Nuvens Contra os Borisin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}