<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cloudcry Songbook#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 184
|partIds      = 190399
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A collection of Vidyadhara folk songs. Collected and compiled by a harp master.
|part1        = Cloudcry Songbook
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Cloudcry Songbook''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">{{Size|36|"Dreams From a Past Life" (an aria from the "Fateful Rebirth")}}</div><br /><div align="center">Sitting bored on my bed one dusk, </div><br /><div align="center">half the beaded curtain peeled back. </div><br /><div align="center">In no mood to awaken yet no mood to sleep, </div><br /><div align="center">clothes half-worn and eyes half-slack.</div><br /><div align="center">A sudden gust of wind pushes forth the boat, </div><br /><div align="center">in dreams a war with the borisin we wage.</div><br /><div align="center">Knife in hand, black and red horses leap on, </div><br /><div align="center">Alongside my husband's warship, in fight I engage.</div><br /><div align="center">Two twittering orioles land on their branch, </div><br /><div align="center">with karma past doth this life's grief cast.</div><br /><div align="center">Ten times reborn, with all its love and hate, </div><br /><div align="center">how hard can one take of a husband lost.</div><br /><div align="center">Gazing up I now see daylight through that verdigris,</div><br /><div align="center">those past loves and past lives seen only in reveries.</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|36|"Eternal Regrets of A High Elder" (an aria from the "Dragontooth Tales")}}</div><br /><div align="center">When the dragon turns red, then the green pines shall shed.</div><br /><div align="center">Cast by the wind of a cold morning,</div><br /><div align="center">Feeling the weight of your suffering.</div>

<div align="center">When the dragon turns red, then the green pines shall shed.</div><br /><div align="center">Spinning our glory through time and space,</div><br /><div align="center">When will I next come to see your face?</div>

<div align="center">When the dragon turns red, then the green pines shall shed.</div><br /><div align="center">Wantonly drinking the silver moon,</div><br /><div align="center">How many times must we be entombed?</div>

<div align="center">When the dragon turns red, then the green pines shall shed.</div><br /><div align="center">Pass like a dream out of sight and mind,</div><br /><div align="center">six hundred years in this mortal bind.</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cloudcry Songbook
|zhs  = 云吟谱
|zht  = 雲吟譜
|ja   = 雲吟譜
|ko   = 운음보
|es   = Cancionero himnonube
|fr   = Livre de chansons d'hymnuage
|ru   = Облачный песенник
|th   = ลำนำแห่งหมู่เมฆ
|vi   = Vân Ngâm Phổ
|de   = Liederbuch der Wolkengesänge
|id   = Partitur Cloudhymn
|pt   = Livro de Músicas das Nuvens
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}