<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Guinaifen's script for videos regarding visiting restaurants#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 242
|partIds      = 190483
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The script for shop visit videos, written by the Xianzhou online celebrity Guinaifen. Her dedication and thoroughness is evident.
|part1        = Guinaifen's food vlog script
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Guinaifen's script for videos regarding visiting restaurants''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
[Scene] Spices Supreme shopfront<br />[Camera No.] 01<br />[Images] Shop signboard<br />[Shot] Medium shot<br />[Synopsis of Dialog] N/A<br />[Duration] 2 seconds<br />[Music/SFX] Light music

[Scene] A night market street<br />[Camera No.] 02<br />[Images] Street shots of people coming and going in the night market outside the shopfront<br />[Shot] Long shot<br />[Synopsis of Dialog] N/A<br />[Duration] 2 seconds<br />[Music/SFX] Light music

[Scene] Spices Supreme front door<br />[Camera No.] 03<br />[Images] Opening the door, walking to the counter and reserving seats<br />[Shot] Close-up shot<br />[Synopsis of Dialog] Briefly introduce the Spices Supreme's reviews and the history of Aurum Alley.<br />"Aurum Alley is the place most steeped in everyday life aboard the Luofu."<br />"I've wanted to check out this store for ages and finally come with a friend."<br />[Duration] 5 seconds<br />[Music/SFX] Boom mic, SFX sounds for opening titles

[Scene] Spices Supreme interior<br />[Camera No.] 04<br />[Images] Show the menu and a finger swiping to make selections from a flexible display.<br />[Shot] Close-up shot<br />[Synopsis of Dialog] Explain the flavors of signature dishes, focusing on orders being personal preference.<br />"The signature dish at Spices Supreme is their Granny Chen's Tofu. That soft slimy tofu goes down a treat."<br />"The boss slices the pork belly fresh to order, and one mouthful is enough to make you cry. You don't want to miss out on this bestseller!"<br />[Duration] 8 seconds<br />[Music/SFX] Boom mic, SFX sounds for flexible display touchscreen

[Scene] Spices Supreme interior<br />[Camera No.] 05<br />[Images] Camera pans during reservation process to reveal diner interior design.<br />[Shot] Medium shot<br />[Synopsis of Dialog] N/A<br />[Duration] 2 seconds<br />[Music/SFX] Light music, fast-forward SFX

[Scene] Spices Supreme interior<br />[Camera No.] 06<br />[Images] Serving of dishes. Hold food up to the camera and chat while eating.<br />[Shot] Extreme close-up<br />[Synopsis of Dialog] N/A<br />[Duration] 15 to 30 seconds<br />[Music/SFX] Boom mic, remember to switch to headset mic!!!

...<br />...<br />...

[Title Selection] <br />1. Blitz Aurum Alley with your besties! And find that flavor that makes her weep<br />2. Where's the universally renowned Granny Chen's Tofu? Join our 1-day tour of Aurum Alley!<br />3. Gorge down 18 meals til you get stomach can't take it &mdash; and you'll still want more...<br />4. Delicacies only available in Aurum Alley! Are meatballs really still made by hand?<br />5. Lose yourself in 5 minutes flat in the mouth-watering paradise of Aurum Alley...

[Reminder]<br />Arghhhh it's too delicious my mouth yum oh this vid is totally overtime and so much content wow but it's so delciious I can't stick to the script at all anymore

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Guinaifen's script for videos regarding visiting restaurants
|zhs  = 桂乃芬的美食探店台本
|zht  = 桂乃芬的美食店家測評腳本
|ja   = 桂乃芬の美食探索台本
|ko   = 계네빈의 미식 탐방 시나리오
|es   = Guion para los videos de exploración gastronómica creado por Guinaifen
|fr   = Script de Guinaifen pour les vidéos de visites de restaurants
|ru   = Сценарий гастротура от Гуйнайфэнь
|th   = สคริปต์รีวิวร้านอร่อยของ Guinaifen
|vi   = Kịch Bản Khảo Sát Tiệm Ẩm Thực Của Guinaifen
|de   = Guinaifens Drehbuch für Videos über Restaurantbesuche
|id   = Naskah Kunjungan Kuliner Guinaifen
|pt   = Roteiro de Guinaifen dos Vídeos de Visitas a Restaurantes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}