<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#History of the Xianzhou: Errata#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 180
|partIds      = 190392;190393;190394;190395
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 4
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A collection of original histories from the Xianzhou Alliance and an important footnote to the evolution of the alliance.
|part1        = History of the Xianzhou: Three Sufferings &mdash; Fragmented Vol. 1
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = History of the Xianzhou: Three Sufferings &mdash; Fragmented Vol. 2
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Summary of the Chronicles of the Sky-Faring Commission: 3287 Star Calendar &mdash; Vol. 3
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = Xianzhou Alliance Declaration: A Preface (Digital Rubbing)
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''History of the Xianzhou: Errata''' is a 4-part [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===History of the Xianzhou: Three Sufferings &mdash; Fragmented Vol. 1===
...

[Year 2605 Star Calendar]<br />At the end of the year, the Luofu introduced its Yellowjacket Census and Almanac, advising of all death revitalizations on Xianzhou for this year.

[Year 2606 Star Calendar]<br />In July, the Xianzhou fleet sailed into the Connant-Farrell star system.

[Year 2607 Star Calendar]<br />In April, homeostasis was completely paralyzed in three of the Xuling's delves, delivering catastrophic flooding, mass deaths, and uncountable losses. The Xuling nobles ordered grain transfer and opened state coffers for the rescue effort. Each Xianzhou dispatched reinforcements, and a new lease on life was won.<br />In December, the Yaoqing, the Zhuming, and the Fanghu all introduced their own Yellowjacket Census and Almanacs, advising of all death revitalizations on Xianzhou for this year.

[Year 2608 Star Calendar]<br />No major incidents this year.

[Year 2609 Star Calendar]<br />At the end of the year, the Yuque, the Yuanqiao, the Cangcheng, and the Xuling all introduced their own Yellowjacket Census and Almanacs, advising of all death revitalizations on Xianzhou for this year.

[Year 2610 Star Calendar]<br />In June, the Luofu held a celebration in search of endless lifespans, granting amnesties and reveling in wine for 30 days. Each Xianzhou dispatched delegations to celebrate together.

...

[Year 3061 Star Calendar]<br />In May, the coarse rioted on the Yuque and was suppressed by nobility.

[Year 3062 Star Calendar]<br />In April, the Yuanqiao coarse rebelled, and the nobles suppressed them.<br />In July, the Yuque coarse rebelled again, and the nobles suppressed them.

[Year 3063 Star Calendar]<br />In August, a businessman was assassinated aboard the Yaoqing, plunging everyone into turmoil.<br />In November, the coarse rebelled again, attacking and killing elites. Troops later quelled the riot.

...

[Year 3198 Star Calendar]<br />In February, the Xianzhou fleet was embroiled in chaos.<br />The coarse master messaged each ship in denouncement: "The venerable have long feasted on their blessings of Abundance, holding the balance of power and enjoying exclusive wealth with their long life, high status, hearty meals, and secret ways &mdash; and you view us coarse and young as worse than animals. You suffer from mara, and the whole world is riven by chaos and disaster. You righteous ones should not sit there, doing nothing, but instead rise up to effect radical reform, for the good of all peoples."<br />So they launched an assault on the Zhuming, holing up in a delve with an expeditionary force to fight against the nobles. Each Xianzhou was shaken to the core, and as more reinforcements arrived, the situation grew worrying.

...

===History of the Xianzhou: Three Sufferings &mdash; Fragmented Vol. 2===
...

[Year 3287 Star Calendar]<br />In November, the Xianzhou Yuanqiao was destroyed during the Civil War, plunging the world into mournful sorrow. With both sides in bereavement, a ceasefire was reached.<br />In December, the remaining aurumatons revolted, slaughtering the coarse and the venerable indiscriminately in volumes never seen again.

[Year 3288 Star Calendar]<br />In February, both sides joined forces to defect the aurumatons, and dispatched envoys to negotiate peace.<br />A peace agreement was reached in April, and military affairs were curtailed. Troops were reorganized to defeat the aurumatons.

...

[Year 3290 Star Calendar]<br />In May, Zhige, the master primus of the aurumaton, led a force of brave fighters aboard the Yaoqing. The combined forces teamed up and launched an offensive operation, smashing them to smithereens.

...

[Year 3292 Star Calendar]<br />In July, all of the homeless aurumatons were herded into the arsenal and dealt with. This suppression marks the end of the aurumaton rebellion.

...

[Year 3294 Star Calendar]<br />By September, a century of internecine strife had engulfed the Xianzhou fleet. Families were riven asunder, and lives were laid waste. A plan was thus hatched to curb the military and let the people rest. Since the endowment of the Abundance and the eradication of death, industries could hardly meet the important needs of raising the long-life species.

...

[Year 3300 Star Calendar]<br />In August, the Xianzhou fleet together drafted the Treaty of Harmony, defining laws and punishments, promoting loyalty, and supporting the needy. Order was gradually restored, just as in the legend of the great unification during the Primeval Imperium days.<br />A policy on reproduction and settlements was also drafted, allowing any of the seven ships to settle on fertile planets unpopulated by short-life species to build self-sustaining colonies.

...

===Summary of the Chronicles of the Sky-Faring Commission: 3287 Star Calendar &mdash; Vol. 3===
[Date] November 21, Year 3287 Star Calendar<br />[Volume] 3<br />[Vessel No.] Caladrius-I<br />[Tag] Fly ship; combat record; Xianzhou Yuanqiao; Civil War.

[Voice Transcription]

...

3287/11/21 1401 Caladrius-I<br />Calling Astrum. The system space I'm located in is all-clear with obvious stellar wind currents. No other celestial objects are within visual distance, except a red giant star.

3287/11/21 1402 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />Received. No other flight activity has been detected in your system space. Stellar winds may cause temporary loss of communications. Please steer clear of turbulence and ensure flight stability.

3287/11/21 1402 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />You're approaching the Yuanqiao now. Prepare to contact the Yuanqiao on channel 351.017. Do you need a space tug?

3287/11/21 Caladrius-I<br />No, thank you. Passing through the system space from left to right.

...

3287/11/21 1527 Caladrius-I<br />Target location achieved. No response from the Yuanqiao. Repeat, no response from the Yuanqiao.

3287/11/21 1529 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />*heavy sigh* darn it *crackle* to heck! I thought it was true.

*long crackling of white noise*

3287/11/21 1534 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />Calling Caladrius-I. Please report in about the Yuanqiao's damages.

3287/11/21 1535 Caladrius-I<br />*sigh* It's very, very bad.

3287/11/21 1536 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />Please give details.

*long crackling of white noise*

3287/11/21 1540 Caladrius-I<br />*Heavy sigh* I *crackle* had enough! You know they're beyond hope. Isn't that guy who escaped and told *crackle* enough for you!?

3287/11/21 1541 Caladrius-I<br />*silence* The exterior of the Yuanqiao looks fine. But they couldn't have survived. Their engines stalled, and they're drifting toward the red giant star.

*long crackling of white noise*

3287/11/21 1545 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />We could have saved them... Just by establishing this line of communication! Half a dual-hour is good enough, *crackle*!

3287/11/21 1546 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />How on earth did things *intense crackle* come to this? How did things get to this *intense crackle* point!?

3287/11/21 1547 Caladrius-I<br />*long silence* It's all because of the cursed Abundance. Gee, what a blessing longevity turned out to be...

3287/11/21 1550 The Luofu Palace of Astrum HQ<br />*long silence* It's all because of the *intense crackle* wars, and the *intense crackle* power.

*long crackling of white noise*

3287/11/21 1629 Caladrius-I<br />Calling Astrum. The Yuanqiao has disappeared from line of sight toward a position of twelve o'clock and into the red giant star.

3287/11/21 1630 Caladrius-I<br />*heavy sighing* The Yuanqiao is now confirmed as missing.

...

===Xianzhou Alliance Declaration: A Preface (Digital Rubbing)===
We, the people of the Xianzhou, hereby pledge to pass this resolution

To save future generations from war and bloody dispute,<br />To rid the world of suffering and safeguard equally the dignity and sacred rights of all people,<br />To reaffirm and appeal to justice and magnanimity,<br />To forsake plunder, suppression, exploitation, and torture,<br />To revert to mortality, eradicate the ambition of a deathless doom: We shall not rest.

Round-the-clock diligence is hereby implemented

Restart the watchful sleep, rotating shifts, to be disbanded afterward to avoid officialdom.<br />Build the Cloud Knights to maintain the peace, cleanse all crimes, and defend the seven ships.<br />Form the Ten-Lords Commission, keep night vigils, punish criminals, and hold evil accountable.<br />Initiate the Six Charioteers, respect meritocracy, revere governance, and defend the Alliance.

This informs the world that, from Reignbow to the Ten Lords, above lie vast and remote galaxies, and below lie martyrs sacrificed to the three sufferings. So we hereby pledge!

Thus, the seven ships gathered with the Xuling messenger to authenticate, share content, and review the details. This declaration is the final product, hereby creating the Xianzhou Alliance.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = History of the Xianzhou: Errata
|zhs  = 《仙舟通鉴》拾遗
|zht  = 《仙舟通鑑》拾遺
|ja   = 『仙舟通鑑』拾遺
|ko   = ≪선주통감(仙舟通鉴)≫ 여록
|es   = Suplemento a la Historia de Xianzhou
|fr   = Histoire de Xianzhou&nbsp;: Errata
|ru   = История Сяньчжоу. Дополнение
|th   = ส่องสะท้อน Xianzhou: ภาคเสริม
|vi   = Bổ Sung "Xianzhou Thông Giám"
|de   = Geschichte von Xianzhou: Irrtümer
|id   = Wawasan Xianzhou: Suplemen
|pt   = História do Xianzhou: Errata
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}