<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Jiaoqiu's Follow-Up Medical Report#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 398
|partIds      = 190693
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable 3.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A diagnosis of the physical condition of the counselor of the Yaoqing, Jiaoqiu.
|part1        = Jiaoqiu's Follow-Up Medical Report
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Jiaoqiu's Follow-Up Medical Report''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Name: Jiaoqiu<br />Gender: Male<br />Birthplace: The Yaoqing<br />Race: Foxian

'''Patient's Injuries'''<br />1. Bite wounds that extend over a large area, from the patient's neck to his chest. Toxins in the wounds have caused the surrounding flesh to decay and atrophy. Patient is in acute shock due to severe blood loss. Fractured clavicle observed.<br />2. Patient had consumed Tumbledust, resulting in disturbed blood circulation, massive internal bleeding, neurological atrophy, and optic neuropathy, leading to function blindness.<br />3. Damage to liver and kidney functions and impaired lymphatic and immune system due to toxins in the body.<br />4. Severe blood loss, compounded by myelosuppression. Inflammation observed.<br />5. Patient had dilated pupils and an abnormally low body temperature when first discovered.

'''Treatment Plan'''<br />1. Clean the wounds with Pathovore Bugs, apply medication, and dress the wounds. Topically apply Jade Marrow Diffusion to the bone fracture and stabilize it with a fixator.<br />2. Use concoctive acupuncture to stimulate 36 major and minor acupuncture points, including the Yuji, Zhongfeng, Taichong, and Dazhui. Then, activate meridians using incense walker to encourage detoxification. As a complementary treatment, use Vonwacq leeches to drain residual extravasated blood caused by internal bleeding of the organs.<br />3. Have the Vidyadhara High Elder personally inject Draconic Ichor dewdrops, which promote skin and muscle regeneration and healing, into the patient.<br />4. The patient can also ingest tonics that promote tissue regeneration and have blood nourishment effects. This will help the patient regain his strength. Herbal baths are also recommended to help flush toxins from the body. When taking an herbal bath, the patient should take care to protect the wounds from direct contact with the bathwater while immersing his entire body.

<br />'''Current State'''<br />1. Patient is in good spirits and has a good appetite. Although generally sleeping well, he experiences occasional nightmares. Use of Dreambranch Incense to calm the mind is recommended. Wounds are healing slower than expected, but there are no signs of infection so far.<br />2. Vital signs are normal. No lycanthropic symptoms have been observed so far.<br />3. Past consumption of Tumbledust has resulted in the patient's reduced ability to coagulate blood. Make sure to keep sharp instruments out of patient's reach.<br />4. Patient's vision is severely impaired, likely due to optic nerve damage that led to pathological changes in the eye. Treatment to be decided after further examination.<br />5. As the patient's condition meets the basic requirements for discharge and he has requested to be discharged, he is now declared medically fit for discharge.

'''Doctor's Post-Discharge Advice'''<br />1. If the patient experiences nightmares caused by residual Lupitoxin in the body, he may use fragrances that calm the mind to help him fall asleep more easily.<br />2. Avoid spicy foods at all costs! The patient should adhere strictly to the advised dietary restrictions if he doesn't want his wounds to become inflamed.<br />3. Patient is to regularly report on how his wounds are healing. In view of the patient's plans to return to his homeland, assistance from the Yaoqing's Alchemy Commission in further diagnoses would be highly appreciated.

<br /><div align="right">Lingsha, Alchemy Commission</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Jiaoqiu's Follow-Up Medical Report
|zhs  = 椒丘的复诊报告书
|zht  = 椒丘的複診報告書
|ja   = 椒丘の再診報告書
|ko   = 초구의 재진 보고서
|es   = Informe médico de Jiaoqiu
|fr   = Suivi du rapport médical de Jiaoqiu
|ru   = Медицинское заключение Цзяоцю
|th   = เวชระเบียนของ Jiaoqiu
|vi   = Báo Cáo Tái Khám Của Jiaoqiu
|de   = Jiaoqius medizinischer Bericht
|id   = Laporan Pemeriksaan Lanjutan Jiaoqiu
|pt   = Relatório de Acompanhamento Médico de Jiaoqiu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}