<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Majima's Labor Contract#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 240
|partIds      = 190481
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The labor contract Majima signed with Shihong. Shihong evidently did not read it properly.
|part1        = Majima's Labor Contract
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Majima's Labor Contract''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">*Labor Contract</div><br />Party A: Majima<br />Party B: Shihong

1. Purpose<br />The purpose of this contract is to clarify the rights, obligations, and responsibilities between Parties A & B regarding security works, and to ensure the legal rights of both Parties.

2. Work<br />1. Party B will be hired as Party A's security personnel, responsible for performing security-related tasks.<br />2. Party B must wear the helmet and armor of a Luofu Cloud Knights Officer during work hours to ensure safety and efficiency of work services.<br />3. Party B must be physically strong and able to handle fighting and carrying tasks to ensure an appropriate response to sudden and emergency situations at work.

3. Place of Work<br />1. Shifts are set based on Party A's location and must not be called into question.

4. Remuneration and Benefits<br />Party B's salary will be paid according to remuneration standards set by Party A.

5. Confidentiality Clause<br />1. Party B may encounter third-party interrogation in the line of work, and must keep in strict confidence all work content. Leaking of information to a third party is forbidden.<br />2. Upon resignation, Party B must continue to undertake obligation of confidentiality.<br />3. Party B will not read the terms and conditions of this contract carefully, and won't even notice this condition.

6. Breaching Contract<br />1. If Party B fails to perform the duties and obligations stipulated in this contract, Party A retains the right to take corrective measures and summarily punish or dismiss Party B.<br />2. Party A shall bear no legal ramifications should Party B be arrested for illegal activities.

7. Termination<br />1. The contract period is three (3) days only. Party B shall not terminate the contract without authorization.

8. Other Terms<br />1. This contract is in duplicate, with Parties A & B each retaining one (1) copy both of equal effect.

Decisions should be made in accordance with relevant legislation from the Interastral Peace Corporation®.

<div align="right">*Party A: Majima</div><br /><div align="right">*Party B: Shihong</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Majima's Labor Contract
|zhs  = 真志摩的劳动雇佣合同
|zht  = 真志摩的勞動雇傭合約
|ja   = 真志摩の雇用契約書
|ko   = 마지마의 근로 계약서
|es   = Contrato de trabajo de Majima
|fr   = Contrat de travail de Majima
|ru   = Трудовой договор Мадзимы
|th   = สัญญาจ้างงานของ Majima
|vi   = Hợp Đồng Lao Động Của Majima
|de   = Majimas Arbeitsvertrag
|id   = Kontrak Kerja Majima
|pt   = Contrato de Trabalho de Majima
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}