<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Memorial to the Illustrious Officials Xiao and Hong#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 246
|partIds      = 190491
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = In the battle against the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, a pair of foxian brothers bravely sacrificed their lives. Their comrades wrote obituaries in traditional foxian manners to express their grief and to commemorate the two martyrs.
|part1        = Memorial to the Illustrious Officials Xiao and Hong
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Memorial to the Illustrious Officials Xiao and Hong''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Xiao and Hong were a pair of foxian twins from the Dufang Delve of the Luofu. All their family members were Cloud Knights. When Xiao and Hong were 27 years old, their parents joined a military campaign against the borisin and perished. After that, they enlisted in the military and became pilots.

Sanctus Medicus led a rebellion when Xiao and Hong were 55. When Sanctus Medicus rode a starskiff to attack the Sun Delve, Xiao and Hong tried to fight him off, but met their heroic ends.

May heaven mourn their passing! Xiao and Hong faced the challenge fearlessly and sacrificed themselves for the greater good. How saddening to see two brothers joined in death as they were in life!

Today, let us honor the two noble men whose achievements were as glorious as the stars and bring their spirits back to the Verdantia. We will offer them our humble tribute and continue to commemorate their noble deeds.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Memorial to the Illustrious Officials Xiao and Hong
|zhs  = 祭晓虹二公文
|zht  = 祭曉虹二公文
|ja   = 暁虹二公弔文
|ko   = 효와 홍을 기리는 공문
|es   = Homenaje a los oficiales Xiao y Hong
|fr   = Hommage aux illustres officiers Xiao et Hong
|ru   = Памятник выдающимся служащим Сяо и Хуну
|th   = หนังสืออนุสรณ์ไว้อาลัยแก่เจ้าหน้าที่ Xiao กับ Hong
|vi   = Văn Tế Xiao Và Hong
|de   = Denkmal für die ehrenwerten Beamten Xiao und Hong
|id   = Tulisan Peringatan untuk Pilot Xiao dan Hong
|pt   = Memorial para os Ilustres Oficiais Xiao e Hong
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}