<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#New Londinium Freight Check Report#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 380
|partIds      = 190675
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable 3.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The report issued after the check on the transport vessel New Londinium's cargo.
|part1        = New Londinium Freight Check Report
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Yaoshi
|factions     = New Londinium
}}
'''New Londinium Freight Check Report''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Inspection Date: August 7, Year 8100 Star Calendar

Craftsman in charge: Artisan &mdash; Geng

Assigned Department: Sky-Faring Commission Nautical Division

Inspection Target: New Londinium Transport Ship Cargo

Reason for Inspection: <br />1. Starskiffs did not submit a docking report. <br />2. The cargo carried by the starskiff is suspected to be dangerous and was not reported.

Inspection Level: Scanning Inspection

Inspection Items: <br />1. Appearance and weight inspection<br />
2. Material and craftsmanship inspection<br />
3. Power and armament inspection<br /> 4. Signal and biochemical inspection

Inspection Results:<br />
1. The machine is 13 feet tall and weighs 6,404 pounds.<br />
2. It resembles a werewolf in form, with a single horn on its head.<br />
3. Its entire body is covered in alloy, making it extremely tough, durable, and completely immune to attacks from regular swords.<br />
4. It has long arms with razor-sharp claws, capable of easily slicing through anything.<br />
5. Its reverse-joint feet structure features exceptionally fine craftsmanship at the joints, enabling high-speed mechanical maneuverability.<br />
6. It has a thick tail, presumed to help maintain balance.<br />
7. The power source is unknown. A slight energy overflow is detected, but the specific location cannot be pinpointed.<br />
8. It is in a dormant state, unable to respond to external stimuli.<br />
9. Nerve signal detection is positive, indicating the presence of neural-like structures.<br />
10. Trace amounts of bodily fluids were extracted from the joints, with positive protein tests indicating some characteristics of carbon-based life forms.

Handling Recommendation

Based on its design, materials, and craftsmanship, there's no doubt that it is a type of weapon. My guess is that it's one of those weapons you control with "wetware." Now, what did the rules of your Sky-Faring Commission say again? The penalties vary from complete forfeiture to expulsion from the port, depending on how risky it is.

By the way, this thing has faint nerve signals and protein tissues. Frankly, I find this very unsettling. Just after the incident with the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, there's been a directive to thoroughly inspect all incoming biological products. You know, who's to say this isn't the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus trying to stir up trouble once more?

I suggest we stash this stuff away for now. Don't ask me where. It's best to get a judge to figure that out.

The technical principles behind this thing are beyond my expertise. I suggest you find a professional healer to examine it carefully as well.

In conclusion, this report only provides a basis for judgment. Let the Sky-Faring Commission decide what to do with this thing.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = New Londinium Freight Check Report
|zhs  = 新伦蒂尼恩号货物检查报告
|zht  = 新倫蒂尼恩號貨物檢查報告
|ja   = ニューロンテネオン号貨物検査報告書
|ko   = 뉴론디니움호 화물 검사 보고서
|es   = Informe de la revisión del cargamento de Nuevo Londinium
|fr   = Rapport sur la cargaison du New Londinium
|ru   = Отчёт о проверке груза на «Новом Лондинии»
|th   = รายงานการตรวจสอบสินค้าบนเรือ New Londinium
|vi   = Báo Cáo Kiểm Tra Hàng Hóa Tàu New Londinium
|de   = Frachtkontrolle-Bericht für Neu Londinium
|id   = Laporan Pemeriksaan Kargo New Londinium
|pt   = Relatório de Conferência da Carga da Nova Londinium
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}