<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Official Announcement on the Origins of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 210
|partIds      = 190440
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A pamphlet penned by the Judges of the Ten-Lords Commission to educate public official on the truth of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.
|part1        = Official Announcement on the Origins of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Official Announcement on the Origins of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
In recent times, the organization calling themselves Disciples of Sanctus Medicus has grown and caused trouble within the Xianzhou Alliance. Although the so-called "master primus" of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus has already been incarcerated, there are still many die-hard followers who stubbornly pursue revenge or revival.

In this context, the Ten-Lords Commission believes it is necessary to publish a manual that succinctly helps officials of various departments and spiritfarers to recognize the true nature of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus and make it easier for everyone to help turn back those who have gone astray.

<div align="center">{{Size|36|1. What is the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus?}}</div>

In short, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus &mdash; who are currently acting indecorously in the Xianzhou Alliance &mdash; are a criminal organization that uses an ancient name and has been established for less than thirty years. Everyone should remember this and not be deceived by their wild claims of "thousands of years of history."

After the Three Sufferings Era, the Xianzhou Alliance completely banned the belief in the Plagues Author and strictly prohibited the spread of the calamity of eternal life. Those who nostalgically longed for the Traces of Abundance of the Theophany Era founded a retrogressive religious group called the "Disciples of Sanctus Medicus."

The followers of Disciples of Sanctus Medicus believe that they have inherited the knowledge and legacy of the Theophany Era, and with doubts about the goals of the alliance, they seek spiritual answers and continue to believe in the Abundance.

In the development following that, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus gradually crossed the line, following the Emanators of the Plagues Author and widening their influences by accepting unsavory characters into their ranks. Among them were not only individuals with political dissent and religious fanatics, but also traitors turned by Denizens of Abundance and overzealous outworlders with the intent of obtaining elixirs of immortality.

Before everything spiraled completely out of control, the Marshal made the decision to ban the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. After a long and arduous process of prohibition, the organization finally came to an end.

Thirty years ago, the third Abundance War broke out. The brutal war brought an indelible wound to the Xianzhou Alliance that could not be erased within a short time. Most people chose to carry this pain and continue moving forward. However, some with ulterior motives blamed the catastrophe orchestrated by the Plagues Author on the cruelty of the Alliance and the Reignbow Arbiter. The idea of overthrowing the Xianzhou Alliance arose. They gathered around a so-called "master primus," twisted ancient texts, and claimed to be continuing the spirit of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, seeking to lead the people of Xianzhou back into the embrace of the Plagues Author.

The so-called "master primus" founded the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus not to revive the beliefs of the olden days, but to begin a new one under the guise of the ancient belief. If you read the classics that the disciples regard as their tenet, you will find that what they read and believe in is almost unrelated to the original Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.

For example, the ''Thousand-Handed Merciful Medicus' Salvation'' that their followers recite daily is not even a classic text written by the eradicated Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. According to the investigation by the Ten-Lords Commission, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus of the past valued texts such as the ''Scripture of Yellow Pneuma Yang Essence'' that provide guidance for spiritual practice, while the ''Thousand-Handed Merciful Medicus' Salvation'' is a later forgery.

<br /><div align="center">{{Size|36|2. Is the confrontation between the Xianzhou Alliance and the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus a conflict of beliefs?}}</div>

Yes, and no.

Yes, the Xianzhou Alliance is acting in accordance with the Reignbow Arbiter's edict, placing the destruction of the Plagues Author and their abominations as the prime priority. However, the conflict between the Xianzhou Alliance and the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus is not merely a conflict of beliefs.

Of the Ten Unpardonable Sins stipulated by the Ten-Lords Commission, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus has committed seven of them, including Involuntary Immortalization, Immortality Theft, Mara Ensnarement, Phratry Murder, Illicit Espionage, Sowing Discord, Incitement to Riot.

In the face of such a vicious criminal organization, even if there is no conflict of belief, even if the banner they hold high when committing crimes is the Reignbow Arbiter's, they must not be allowed to go unpunished.

Additionally, the Xianzhou Alliance is an open and inclusive civilization. Any outworlders &mdash; as long as they can abide by the Xianzhou laws, respect the Xianzhou customs and traditions, and not hurt the feelings of the Xianzhou people &mdash; regardless of their beliefs, is welcome through the doors of the Alliance.

In fact, among the short-life species residing within the Xianzhou Alliance, some came from civilizations where the Plagues Author is worshiped as a positive deity. The Alliance treats them fairly, protecting their lives and property, and upholding their rights to fair trade in the Alliance. Most of the outsiders who believe in the Plagues Author are also willing to reciprocate and show respect for the Alliance's beliefs and culture.

Despite having such sharp and irreconcilable conflicts, the Xianzhou Alliance can still set aside disputes with these outworlders and progress together. This is a manifestation of the open and inclusive spirit of the Xianzhou Alliance.

However, at the same time, the Ten-Lords Commission also hopes that some outworlders understand that the openness and inclusiveness that the Xianzhou Alliance displays does not mean it is weak and easy to bully. Regardless of the purpose, the Ten-Lords Commission will severely punish anyone who colludes with, funds, shelters, or harbors followers of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.

<div align="center">{{Size|36|3. What do I do when I meet a Disciple of Sanctus Medicus?}}</div>

The remnants of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus are all desperadoes, and even the Cloud Knights and judges may be endangered when confronting them. Ordinary people should avoid direct conflicts with them at all cost.

Therefore, we recommend that our colleagues in the commission follow the following advice:

First, you shall not believe a single word that these disciples uttered. Every single sentence they spout are plain lies.

Second, when necessary, you can deceive them and pretend to have the intention to join them. When they let their guard down, you can seize the opportunity to escape or report them to the authorities.

Third, if a situation arises where a direct confrontation is unavoidable, one should gather the courage to fight back. Statistics from the Realm-Keeping Commission show that in such life-or-death situations, those who actively resist have a greater chance of survival.

Fourth, immediately contact the nearby Realm-Keeping Commission office or the Cloud Knights and spiritfarers stationed in the area after escaping. Do not go home directly, as this may attract unnecessary trouble.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Official Announcement on the Origins of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus
|zhs  = 「药王秘传」追源及斥谬
|zht  = 「藥王秘傳」追源及斥謬
|ja   = 「薬王秘伝」の起源探求及び誤謬
|ko   = 「약왕의 비전」 기원 및 논리에 대한 반박
|es   = Anuncio oficial sobre el origen de los Discípulos de Sanctus Medicus
|fr   = Annonce officielle sur les origines des Disciples du Sanctus Medicus
|ru   = Происхождение Учеников Санктус Медикус и их заблуждения
|th   = ต้นกำเนิดและความชั่วร้ายของ "สาวก Sanctus Medicus"
|vi   = Thông Báo Chính Thức Về Bí Truyền Dược Vương
|de   = Über die Ursprünge der Jünger des Sanctus Medicus und eine Widerlegung ihrer Lehren
|id   = Asal Mula "Disciples of Sanctus Medicus" dan Penolakan Ajaran Mereka
|pt   = Anúncio Oficial Sobre as Origens dos Discípulos do Sanctus Medicus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}