<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sanctus Medicus Devils Criminal Evidence Records#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 273
|partIds      = 190523
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A discovery report related to the Alchemy Commission's archive cleanup, submitted to the Ten-Lords Commission.
|part1        = Sanctus Medicus Devils Criminal Evidence Records
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Yaoshi
|factions     = 
}}
'''Sanctus Medicus Devils Criminal Evidence Records''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Your Excellency,

I have been tasked by the Seat of Divine Foresight and the Ten-Lords Commission to re-compile and re-organize the archives of the Alchemy Commission, specifically focusing on the remaining records regarding the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus after Dan Shu's rebellion.

During the tenure of the traitor, Master Primus Dan Shu, numerous covert biological experiments were already carried out within the Alchemy Commission. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus aimed to replicate fantastic creatures made by the celestials in previous millenia. These experimental creations closely resembled the military war beast documented in ancient records, both in terms of nomenclature and physical characteristics.

However, there is one particular experiment that took place during the tenure of Dan Shu's predecessor, whose current whereabouts are unknown. All names of individuals involved have been erased due to the disappearance of the previous chief alchemist. Given the current uncertainties, and being unable to inquire the people involved regarding the purpose of the experiments, I have prepared a concise summary.

The experiment involved the injection of Vidyadhara blood and marrow fluid into various species, including those with scales, feathers, fur, long-life volunteers already exhibiting signs of being mara-struck, some short-life species, and outworlder volunteers. The objective was to observe the reactions of these organisms in both their normal state and mara-struck state.

The supplementary data is outlined here (For further details, kindly refer to the attached document.)

"Subject No. 4. Class Scaled, Genus Osteichthyes. On the day of injection, the subject exhibited molting of its existing scales, with the growth of a cuticle observed on the head. Secondary bone development occurred in the head, and noticeable enlargement of the mouthparts was observed. Hair growth was also observed near the dorsal fin and gills of the test subject..."

"Subject No. 8. Class Furred, Subspecies Canis... On the following day, the subject displayed signs of mania, with gradual shedding of nails and teeth. However, the corresponding organs grew back even sharper on the subsequent day. Keratosis developed on the subject's neck and tail. The subject was killed and its body destroyed after attacking and wounding two alchemists..."

"Subject No. 1-E. Class Feathered, berrypheasant. After being injected with █ drops of marrow fluid, the subject experienced the shedding of feathers and its symbiotic berries within half a day. The subject's entire torso underwent stretching and elongation, while its head acquired characteristics resembling those of other creatures. An organ resembling a forelimb emerged from its chest. The subject was subsequently terminated..."

"Subject No. 1-F. Class Furred species, yellow boulder oxen... Two days later, the subject's skin exhibited signs of mutation that resembled scales, joint reflexes were observed, a sarcoma developed on the forehead, and accelerated growth of horns and hooves took place. The subject was subsequently terminated..."

"Subject No. 2-C. Xianzhou human. Long-life species. The subject already displayed early signs of being mara-struck, and both the family and the volunteer consented to participate in this experiment. Following the injection of marrow fluid, no significant relief from the mara was observed. However, it is worth noting that after the subject became fully mara-struck, the subject's self-consciousness remained with remarkable clarity compared to other mara-struck individuals. Their level of sanity was comparable to that of a normal person. Subsequently, the subject unilaterally believed themselves to have been cured and refused further ███████, and the Commission had to undertake necessary measures to ███████ the subject."

"Subject No. 4-B. Outworlder. Short-life species. The subject, in a short-life species' middle/old age, willingly participated in the experiment after learning its purpose. After being injected with marrow fluid, the subject's cellular activity was activated, resulting in significant improvements in bodily functions. The original deteriorating body experienced revitalization, with restored vision, liver and kidney functions, and alleviation of pain caused by certain joint diseases. The subject exhibited no adverse reactions, except for localized scaling of the skin...<br />
...However, an accident occurred during the experiment. After █ weeks, the subject's body displayed reverse growth, regressing from a middle-aged state to a childlike form. The subject's mental faculties deteriorated significantly. Eventually, after ██, their body ██ liquified, ███████ temporarily recorded the conclusion of the experiment as 'having disappeared due to unknown reasons' in the report."

"Subject No. █-█. Short-life species, race ██████. The subject was deceased when delivered, and the body was donated posthumously for experimentation. We administered marrow fluid into the subject's body with the assistance of ██████. The marrow fluid even exhibited a revitalizing effect on the deceased body, resulting in profuse hair growth and skin molting. Horn-like cuticula emerged on the head, indicating ████████.<br />
However, the subject did not revive as anticipated. Instead, it seemed as though the physical body was unaware of the brain's demise and continued to proliferate in a disorderly manner. The presence of Vidyadhara bone marrow was so mighty even in a deceased body... The test did not achieve ██████ desired expectations. As a precaution, the subject was promptly terminated before ████████."

Due to the content being damaged and space constraints, I will refrain from providing further elaboration on reports of a similar nature to the ones mentioned above. The remaining information primarily concerns dosage, injection timing, cycles, variations among experimental subjects, and related details. The aforementioned original reports have been enclosed with this letter.

Furthermore, I would like to inquire whether it is the intention to investigate the original objectives of these experiments in order to conduct a comprehensive assessment of their risks?

██ of the Alchemy Commission

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sanctus Medicus Devils Criminal Evidence Records
|zhs  = 药王妖寇罪证稽录
|zht  = 藥王妖寇罪證稽錄
|ja   = 薬王妖寇罪証記録
|ko   = 요사스러운 약왕의 범죄 증거 기록
|es   = Registros de la evidencia criminal de los Discípulos de Sanctus Medicus
|fr   = Recueil de preuves des agissements criminels du Sanctus Medicus
|ru   = Перечень улик злодеяний Учеников Санктус Медикус
|th   = บันทึกหลักฐาน การกระทำความผิดของ Sanctus Medicus
|vi   = Ghi Chép Chứng Cứ Phạm Tội Của Yêu Khấu Dược Vương
|de   = Aufzeichnungen über die Verbrechen der Sanctus-Medicus-Teufel
|id   = Bukti Kejahatan Penjahat Sanctus Medicus
|pt   = Registros das Evidências Criminosas dos Demônios do Sanctus Medicus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}