<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Spices Supreme's Perfect Reviews#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 239
|partIds      = 190480
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The ten-out-of-ten review the Outworlder Mukogaoka left at Spices Supreme in Aurum Alley.
|part1        = Spices Supreme's Perfect Reviews
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Spices Supreme's Perfect Reviews''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Username: Mukogaoka <br />Review Level: Honorary Member Lv. 23<br />Location: ██ Star System ████████ City

[Diner Review] Spices Supreme (Aurum Alley, Xianzhou Luofu flagship store)<br />Rating: ★★★★★ (5/5)<br />Title: A sumptuous feast, truly worthy of the name!

Details:<br />This was my favorite food while touring around the Xianzhou Luofu. Unfortunately, this streamer (y'know, the one with red hair? I dunno if she's from the Xianzhou, but she seems to know everything about the Xianzhou) made the place go viral with her videos, so it was packed out with people and doing great business. I barely got a table when I came, and had to wait so long.

The menu squeezed so many options onto it that it was really hard to order. My breathing sped up and I started to have a panic attack when I looked at the menu. But whatever I ended up ordering, it was delicious.

Really, it was so delicious that I couldn't really think of any more adjectives to describe it. Every bite off the fork (sorry, I haven't mastered the art of using chopsticks yet! But luckily they have other cutlery) was its own surprise. The Garlic-infused Pork was yum, the Granny Chen's Tofu was yum, and the Crisped Melon and Diced Chicken was yum, too. Every dish was so delicious and it felt like I was exploring new flavor sensations in my mouth over and over again. It's hard to imagine what kind of beast the meat here is cut from. Definitely super fresh and gamy, but also hearty.

The Chili Oil Beef Offal Stew was unforgettable &mdash; the real meaning of a "master chef." You could see the boss lady (who is also the head chef) personally performing knife work, whizzing to slice perfect strips of beef offals. Here, the chili oil slowly boiled soaked into the beef offal just so. I meant to ask the boss lady whether she was five thousand years old or something, seeing as I heard everyone on the Xianzhou lives so long. She must have honed that knife technique of hers over thousands of years. Otherwise, she must be a martial master with the knife that conceals her fame in this ordinary place!

Different from Starskiff Haven, Aurum Alley's feeling is strange and very deceptive &mdash; just like its name, I have no idea why "aurumatons" would lend their name to this district. Spices Supreme is the same: It looks normal enough just walking by. But inside it's sparkling clean, and the boss lady is friendly and scrupulous as she cooks up a meal. There're meatballs from some beast called "999 Handmade Meatballs," and the boss lady insists on pounding out the mincemeat 999 times before me, promising me this method is the real deal. Luckily, I'm not running a kitchen back home. Otherwise, I would chew them out like, "See, you guys are all chefs, right? Why is there such a big gap in skil!?"

All in all, I'm very satisfied with everything about this place. If you want to try fresh, special and unique Xianzhou meals, I highly recommend you give this place a go. This restaurant absolutely deserves a 5-star rating!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Spices Supreme's Perfect Reviews
|zhs  = 「尚滋味」收到的满分好评留言
|zht  = 「尚滋味」收到的滿分好評留言
|ja   = 「尚滋味」の満点好評コメント
|ko   = 「자미성」 5점 만점 리뷰
|es   = Comentario de calificación perfecta para Especias Supremas
|fr   = Avis dithyrambiques sur Épices suprêmes
|ru   = Высочайшая оценка и комментарий о ресторане «Величайшие специи»
|th   = รีวิวคะแนนเต็มที่ทาง "Spices Supreme" ได้รับ
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Đánh Giá Điểm Tối Đa "Gia Vị Thượng Đẳng" Nhận Được
|de   = Höchstbewertung für Das Höchste der Gewürze
|id   = Komentar Penilaian Sempurna "Spices Supreme"
|pt   = Resenhas Perfeita do Explosão de Temperos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}