<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Star-Picking Tours: Aurum Alley Travel Guide#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 238
|partIds      = 190479
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A travel brochure produced by the Exalting Sanctum travel agency. You don't have to read it, but you must have it.
|part1        = Star-Picking Tours: Aurum Alley Travel Guide
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Star-Picking Tours: Aurum Alley Travel Guide''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''<div align="center">*A travel brochure produced by the Exalting Sanctum travel agency &mdash; Star-Picking Tours*</div>''

{{Size|32|Aurum Alley: Urban Impressions}}

Aurum Alley is one of the oldest areas in Exalting Sanctum, and also features as one of the 35 model suburbs considered a showcase a concentration of Xianzhou's folk culture. In recent years, the Luofu has built up more external trading links, turning Aurum Alley into a fashion hot spot. Several immersias have been shot here, and many Outworlders also list it as a must-see attraction aboard the Luofu.

Thousands of years ago, Aurum Alley was actually a prestigious suburb for the rich and famous of Exalting Sanctum. Lots of celebrities and dignitaries lived here, from commissioners at the Realm-Keeping Commission to counselors at the Seat of Divine Foresight. From literary masters to artistic Archsmiths &mdash; every street throughout Aurum Alley has left its mark on history.

{{Size|32|Aurum Alley: Shopping Guide}}

Tourism has existed as a social phenomenon since ancient times. With eight thousand years of voyaging, traveling has risen to be at the forefront of Xianzhou activities. Tourism in Aurum Alley, with its historical origins as a commercial zone, is impossible to separate from commerce &mdash; shopping and eating in Aurum Alley are particular tourist highlights.

Star-Picking Tours has curated several well-known prestigious shops to share with all friends visiting from afar.

[Spices Supreme]

Spices Supreme is a famous traveler's restaurant in Exalting Sanctum with an endless stream of patrons. The head chef, Yancui, is a master of Xianzhou Xingyuan-style cuisine held in high esteem among locals.

The Xingyuan-style cuisine has its origins in the ''Treasures of the Xingyuan Dynasty'', and it's a school that matches different ingredients with different seasonings and spices, favoring spicy, sour, and strange flavors. Representative dishes include: Garlic-infused Pork, Crisped Melon and Diced Chicken, Pork Slices in Fish Sauce, Chili Oil Beef Offal Stew, and Granny Chen's Tofu.

Locals claim Master Yancui has practiced martial arts since childhood, "insisting on integrating punches and kicks into her cuisine," often producing new meals that the locals have never tried before. If you're lucky enough to come across Yancui during a moment of culinary inspiration, be sure not to miss it.

[Artistry Hardware]

Times they are a'changing, and most Luofu residents have no idea why Exalting Sanctum's commercial district is named "Aurum Alley" in the first place. Back when aurumatons were still in everyday use, this eating and shopping street was packed with aurumatons running errands for their owners. Remnants of the aurumaton culture linger at the Aurum Alley's Artistry Hardware.

The current owner of Artistry Hardware, Mr. Xiao, is an ex-artisan from the Artisanship Commission who once worked with Yingxing, the legendary Furnace Master. His craftsmanship is peerless. Today, civilian use of aurumatons has reduced to vanishingly low numbers, and Artistry Hardware remains one of the few proud workshops able to independently craft and maintain aurumatons.

Branching out into new industries has seen a rave reception among model lovers for the 1/12 size Aurumaton Gatekeeper series &mdash; if you're interested, then drop by the front desk at Artistry Hardware to make inquiries.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Star-Picking Tours: Aurum Alley Travel Guide
|zhs  = 摘星社•金人巷旅游攻略
|zht  = 摘星社•金人巷旅遊攻略
|ja   = 摘星社・金人巷旅行案内
|ko   = 별을 따는 여행사•금 조각상 거리 여행 책자
|es   = Viajes Buscaestrellas: guía del Callejón Aurum
|fr   = Comptoir touristellaire&nbsp;: Guide de l'allée des Aurums
|ru   = Агентство «Ловцы звёзд»: Путеводитель по Переулку ауруматонов
|th   = Star-Picking Tours: คู่มือท่องเที่ยวตรอก Aurum
|vi   = Hội Hái Sao - Hướng Dẫn Du Lịch Phố Kim Nhân
|de   = Sternpicker-Tours: Reiseführer für die Aurum-Allee
|id   = Star-Picking Tours: Panduan Jalan-Jalan di Aurum Alley
|pt   = Passeios de Colheita de Estrelas: Guia de Viagem do Beco Aurum
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}