<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Summary of the Luofu's Ambrosial Arbor Crisis#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 268
|partIds      = 190518
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Summary of the investigation records by the Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission regarding the Ambrosial Arbor Crisis.
|part1        = Summary of the Luofu's Ambrosial Arbor Crisis
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Yaoshi
|factions     = 
}}
'''Summary of the Luofu's Ambrosial Arbor Crisis''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...<br />
...

As we are well aware, following the destruction of the Ambrosial Arbor by the Arbiter's divine arrow and how it was discarded by the people, the Alchemy Commission and everything it stood for underwent a profound transformation. However, over time, we started neglecting the perils of the past, despite being long-life species who retain memories. The re-allocation of power from the Alchemy Commission to other organizations was never fully complete, and we have lacked in monitoring and correcting the behavior of Alchemy Commission's members. These oversights were the fundamental cause of the crisis surrounding the Arbor's resurrection.

A significant portion of the apprehended Disciples of Sanctus Medicus in this operation were affiliated with the Alchemy Commission. Our inquiries among innocent members of the Commission revealed an atmosphere permeated by nostalgia for past authority and status, coupled with discontent with the current status quo, and a sympathy toward Sanctus Medicus and its mastermind, Dan Shu. The deep-rooted origins of the Sanctus Medicus scourge must not be underestimated.

From the accounts of her accomplishments, Dan Shu appeared remarkably virtuous, even considered exemplary among healers on the Xianzhou. She authored medical texts, formulated prescriptions, and received numerous accolades. Following the banishment of the previous Cauldron Master of the Commission, Yunhua, amidst a dispute regarding the Vidyadhara, Dan Shu assumed practical leadership of the Alchemy Commission in the Luofu. If not for this incident, she might have become the actual Cauldron Master of the Commission.

I am aware that the other Six Charioteers want to see a Luofu Alchemy Commission without a nominal head, perhaps believing it the only way to ensure the Commission stays harmless. However, it is precisely within the context of a leaderless Alchemy Commission that nefarious leaders like Dan Shu can emerge.

My assistants and I have thoroughly examined all administrative documents of the Alchemy Commission spanning the past seventy years. The records of Dan Shu's inhumane experiments and her correspondence with suspected Vidyadhara Preceptors indicate that this incident was not an impulsive rebellion by individuals masquerading in the name of an ancient cult, as it may seem, but rather a meticulously organized conspiracy.

To prevent further turmoil, I implore the Ten Lords to issue a decree for further dissolution and monitoring of the Alchemy Commission, to apprehend and interrogate the Vidyadhara Preceptors implicated in this incident, and recall the former head Yunhua for further investigations.

...<br />
...

<div align="left">''"The Ten-Lords Commission does not have the authority to intervene in the appointment of government officials. Let the Six Charioteers decide on Yunhua on their own. As for the Vidyadhara... there is also very little we can do. As the situation is already turbulent enough, it would be unwise to escalate the conflict at this point. Besides, the suspects have already surfaced and have been identified, have they not?" &mdash; Hanya, Judge of the Interrogation Division''</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Summary of the Luofu's Ambrosial Arbor Crisis
|zhs  = 罗浮若木灾异始末考摘要
|zht  = 羅浮若木災異始末考摘要
|ja   = 羅浮若木災異の始末に関する考察・摘要
|ko   = 나부 신수 재난에 대한 고찰 요약
|es   = Resumen de la crisis del Árbol de la Ambrosía del Luofu
|fr   = Rapport sur la crise de l'Arbre d'ambroisie du Luofu
|ru   = Краткое изложение бедствия Древа амброзии на Лофу
|th   = บทสรุปของวิกฤติ Ambrosial Arbor ใน Luofu
|vi   = Tóm Tắt Tai Họa Nhã Mộc Luofu
|de   = Zusammenfassung der Himmelsbaum-Krise der Luofu
|id   = Ringkasan Krisis Ambrosial Arbor Luofu
|pt   = Resumo da Crise da Árvore Ambrosiana do Luofu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}