<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Pearlkeeper's Communication Stele#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 229
|partIds      = 190461
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable 4.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Vidyadhara Pearlkeepers are tasked to keep watch of Vidyadhara eggs in the ancient sea, and this is the stone monument they left behind.
|part1        = The Pearlkeeper's Communication Stele
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''The Pearlkeeper's Communication Stele''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|36|This monument was erected at the bottom of the Lunarescent Depths for the Pearlkeepers to leave messages during underwater investigations. Unauthorized contact is strictly forbidden.}}

Bozhi from Serpent Team 7 has left a message: Why do we have to engrave messages on a stone tablet? Don't you all have a jade abacus?

Agu, captain of Serpent Team 7, has left a message: Because this isn't used for instant messaging, but for the long-term and consistent retention of important information. Remember, long-term retention. So refrain from engraving idiotic nonsense here.

Xiaoqian, deputy of Serpent Team 7, has left a message: We may have seen centuries of peace over here, but the Fanghu has been sending over inspectors recently. Make sure you've made all necessary preparations on the surface.

Linxi, head of the Fanghu's inspection team: Are you sure these are the messages you want to leave on the stele?

Lishu from Serpent Team 7: I apprehended a few of the Unshackled recently who confessed to releasing hundreds of Sweetsand Startoads. They're not dangerous, but are still an invasive species. We've been through several times with the Realm-Keeping Commission to clean things up, but we must have missed some. Please pay extra attention during patrols.

Agu, captain of Serpent Team 7: A certain Bernini from the Intelligentsia Guild and a Vidyadhara archaeologist wanted to explore these depths of Scalegorge Waterscape. The Preceptors agreed and I could scarcely refuse, so I had to escort him on a tour of the seabed. I really can't trust these nosey outworlders, so please pay extra special attention during patrols right now. I'm worried that he's up to something when we're not focused on him.

Xiaoqian, deputy of Serpent Team 7: I found a metal receptacle, a foreign object on the seabed. Maybe it's a kind of detector left behind by Bernini? I've reported it to the Realm-Keeping Commission and let's all keep an eye out for things.

Agu, captain of Serpent Team 7: Whosoever dares bring a lunchbox underwater will get booted out of the squad! Eating lunch underwater is crazy!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Pearlkeeper's Communication Stele
|zhs  = 护珠人通信碑
|zht  = 護珠人通信碑
|ja   = 珠守り人の通信石碑
|ko   = 진주 지킴이 통신 비석
|es   = Monumento a la comunicación del guardián de las perlas
|fr   = Stèle de communication de Gardien des perles
|ru   = Коммуникационная стела хранителей жемчуга
|th   = จารึกสื่อสารของผู้พิทักษ์ไข่มุก
|vi   = Tấm Bia Liên Lạc Người Bảo Vệ Ngọc
|de   = Stele zur Kommunikation der Perlenwächter
|id   = Monumen Komunikasi Pelindung Mutiara
|pt   = Estela de Comunicação do Guarda-Pérolas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}