<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Luofu Cauldron Master's Report to the Six Charioteers#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 395
|partIds      = 190690
|title        = 
|image        = Item Xianzhou Parchment.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An official document submitted by the newly appointed Cauldron Master of the Luofu Alchemy Commission.
|part1        = The Luofu Cauldron Master's Report to the Six Charioteers
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Yaoshi
|factions     = 
}}
'''The Luofu Cauldron Master's Report to the Six Charioteers''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
I am writing this letter to report on the recent changes and upcoming plans of the Alchemy Commission:

Since Dan Shu's rebellion, the reputation of the Luofu Alchemy Commission has taken a major hit and we have lost the trust that people had in us. There are many voices of criticism toward the Alchemy Commission. As the Cauldron Master of the Alchemy Commission, I will implement three measures that aim to lead the Alchemy Commission out of this troubled state.

Firstly, considering the previous isolation and corruption of the Luofu Alchemy Commission, I propose that we break down this wall and invite renowned healers from both within and outside the Alliance to visit and share ideas. At the same time, we will increase the quota of people we dispatch in exchange, encouraging healers and alchemists from the Commission to learn from the outside and enrich their treatment methods.

Secondly, I will introduce and impart the incense walker technique of the Xianzhou Zhuming as a form of treatment in the Luofu Alchemy Commission. For frontline soldiers who are constantly battling against the Abominations of Abundance, it is common for them to suffer trauma, and the chances of them becoming mara-struck during and after battle are far greater than the commonfolk. This is a reason why they have frequently been targeted by the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus' temptations. The treatment of the Zhuming focuses on using volatile medication to calm the patient's emotions and temper their physical condition. This has shown great efficacy in slowing down and suppressing the process of becoming mara-struck.

To do so, I will establish a dedicated team within the Alchemy Commission. They will conduct an in-depth analysis of the mechanism for incense treatment and aim to combine it with existing treatment methods employed in the Luofu. They will also optimize the preparation and application processes to ensure the treatment is safe and effective. In the future, alchemists will also be sent to the frontline to treat wounded Cloud Knights and provide them with medicines and medical training. We hope that this can reduce the prejudice that people have toward the Alchemy Commission.

Thirdly, the Alchemy Commission will strengthen our cooperation with other commissions. We will send members to other commissions to support their work and exchange ideas.<br />
We can assist the Sky-Faring Commission by providing supplementary medical training regarding common illnesses that outworld tourists may face and seek treatment for.<br />
We can assist the Realm-Keeping Commission in setting up offline treatment clinics for the residents of the various delves to alleviate the stress on the medical system.

I hope that the abovementioned measures will lead to closer cooperation between the Alchemy Commission and the other commissions and for us to regain the trust of all throughout the Luofu.

Yours Respectfully,

<div align="right">Lingsha, Cauldron Master of the Alchemy Commission</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Luofu Cauldron Master's Report to the Six Charioteers
|zhs  = 罗浮司鼎上六御书
|zht  = 羅浮司鼎上六御書
|ja   = 羅浮司鼎上六御書
|ko   = 6각료에 올리는 나부 사정의 보고서
|es   = Informe de la líder del Luofu para los Seis Aurigas
|fr   = Rapport de la maîtresse des creusets du Luofu aux Six Auriges
|ru   = Доклад Мастера котла Лофу Шести Колесничим
|th   = รายงานของผู้อำนวยการ Luofu ต่อหกหัวเรือใหญ่
|vi   = Báo Cáo Của Sở Trưởng Luofu Trình Lên Lục Ngự
|de   = Bericht der Leiterin der Alchemiekommission der Luofu an die Sechs Wagenlenker
|id   = Laporan Master Tungku Luofu pada Enam Nakhoda
|pt   = O relatório da mestra do caldeirão do Luofu aos Seis Cocheiros
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}