<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Undestroyed Notes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 216
|partIds      = 190448
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Notes that were not destroyed in time. It seems to be trying to obtain relevant information regarding the Luofu Ten-Lords Commission.
|part1        = Undestroyed Notes
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Undestroyed Notes''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...<br />...

Beyond the Cloud Knights, the existence of the Ten-Lords Commission has always been a great concern before taking any action.

Although everyone on Xianzhou knows the name of the Ten-Lords Commission, no one knows where its base is, who controls it, or how many members it has. Even though there are written records like the ''Ten-Lords Commission's Book of Imprisonment'' that can be consulted, ordinary people might not even know that this office is not included in the Six Commissions.

An opponent who openly bears arms can be guarded against. However, an opponent like the Ten-Lords Commission, who seems familiar but is actually mostly unknown, is truly terrifying. Its nebulous status proves that its members blur people's cognition of them further using some unknown means.

I must ascertain the details before taking further action... but unfortunately, time is running out.

...<br />...

Spiritfarer

Rumor has it that, before the people of the Xianzhou fall into mara, the spiritfarers would come to guide them. Such rumors have always portrayed them as messengers of death with the ability to foresee the future and always appearing at the right time, but this is entirely groundless.

The large number of mara-struck victims that I witnessed, testified for, and even dissected, proves that even the spiritfarers are powerless to deal with this phenomenon. It is only when it comes to collecting the remains and determining the cause of death that all the documents and research results disappear without a trace, as if swallowed by an invisible black mouth.

Who are the spiritfarers? Where are they recruited from? What is their salary? Are they flesh and blood, or ingenium marionettes? Will they also be afflicted with mara like all Xianzhou natives?

There are no answers.

...<br />...

Judge

As the saying goes, "Better to lose gold and jade than to enter the Shackling Prison. Better to suffer disaster than to face a judge."

When a judge appears, the cycranes all malfunction and ignore their commands, so none can capture their image. But I have collected many more eyewitness accounts of the judges than of the spiritfarers. Perhaps their appearance signifies that things have deteriorated to an irreparable point, and their commotion and traces are so conspicuous that they cannot be concealed.

According to reliable eyewitness accounts, the judges are responsible for capturing, subduing &mdash; and when necessary, killing &mdash; the long-life species that violate the Ten Unpardonable Sins in the ''Xianzhou Legal Code''. Such targets are extremely dangerous, so the judges possess incredible instruments of punishment and sorcery, far superior to the Cloud Knights' weapons and armor. A sister among the disciples once described to me one of the judge's brushes &mdash; it could write talismans out of thin air, which would make the written words come true.

Everyone claims that the Cloud Knights are the backbone of the Xianzhou's protection. In my opinion, that is just a front. The judges have far greater authority and power.

As our brethren move deeper, the judges will surely try to obstruct them. If, regardless of cost, we can capture or dispose of one of them then study their instruments, we may gain a deeper understanding of the Ten-Lords Commission.

...<br />...

The Shackling Prison

Committing any of the Ten Unpardonable Sins means becoming an enemy of the Xianzhou. It is believed that those who do so will be imprisoned in the bottomless dungeon called the Shackling Prison by the Ten-Lords Commission.

Some say the Shackling Prison is located at the bottom of the Xianzhou, in a vacuum where temperatures are near Absolute Zero. Some say the Ten-Lords Commission strings the dungeon delves together like beads and carries them under strict supervision by the judges. Others believe that the Shackling Prison is one of the six Xianzhou ships, dedicated to permanently suppressing prisoners.

As for the types of prisoners being held, the information begins to become mysteriously muddied. Speculations abound in tales of extraplanar beings fiercely repressed by the judges, indestructible long-life abominations, ancient aurumatons who can overturn the Xianzhou, or even Denizens of Abundance who once fought bloodily against the Xianzhou &mdash; it's almost an encyclopedia of conspiracies.

These tales are bizarre and none of them should be believed. The only common thread among all the tales is that the Shackling Prison houses extremely dangerous prisoners.

This makes one wonder if one could use the prisoners as weapons against the Ten-Lords Commission, if the entrance to the Shackling Prison could be found...

This is not just a whimsical idea, but a feasible one. For in the near future, I will fix my regrets and witness the return of celestial traces. Those great evils will also become ants under my control.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Undestroyed Notes
|zhs  = 未被销毁的笔记
|zht  = 未銷毀的筆記
|ja   = 処分されなかった筆記
|ko   = 폐기되지 않은 노트
|es   = Notas sin destruir
|fr   = Notes non détruites
|ru   = Уцелевшие заметки
|th   = บันทึกที่ไม่ถูกทำลาย
|vi   = Bút Ký Chưa Bị Hủy
|de   = Unzerstörte Notiz
|id   = Catatan yang Belum Dihancurkan
|pt   = Anotações Intactas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}