<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Undestroyed Letter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 215
|partIds      = 190447
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable 3.png
|world        = The Xianzhou Luofu
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A letter of correspondence that was not destroyed in time. It seems to talk about forbidden prescriptions and sorcery.
|part1        = Undestroyed Letter
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Undestroyed Letter''' is a [[readable]] found on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Your Highness,

The clamor of battle has abated, yet much remains, awaiting in disrepair. We are grateful for your constant protection, ensuring that all above and below do not falter. We cannot express our appreciation enough for your watchful eye and steadfast care.

Criminals exiled, secret arts lost, lineage broken, and generations of knowledge wasted. We have no choice but to entrust that young girl to your esteemed commission in pursuit of knowledge. This is our sincerest intent. Though young and not chosen by selection, she possesses remarkable potential. Placing her under your tutelage will facilitate careful observation and documentation of her growth. We hope that with time and guidance, she may become a powerful support for you.

Your esteemed commission has inherited and undertaken a great legacy. Regrettably, the present times are perilous, and the scepter of power has fallen aside. Though possessing the talent to change the tide, the opportunity to do so was not present. Now that the obstacles have been removed, that opportunity has arrived, we have faith that you can revive what has been lost and reverse the course of events!

With this letter, I send a servant to deliver ten samples for your experimentation. May the tidings of good fortune arrive swiftly.

Also, I understand that it may be difficult for us to communicate via letters. However, this old-fashioned method is more secure and reliable, as there is no fear of surveillance. Once the letter is received, you may find a trusted individual to read it aloud to you. I greatly apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.

<div align="right">Your Obedient Servant,<br />Gouchen</div>

...<br />...

Dear Gouchen,

I have received the samples that were sent. However, after transplanting and cultivating them, all the samples turned to powder. It is likely that they were constantly constrained by the waters of the ancient sea, causing them to lose their vitality upon separation from their original body. After all, both the samples and the ancient waters are mystical celestial traces and are elusive to comprehension.

However, I have already devised a plan to solve this mystery. I shall search the Elixir Research Terrace for ancient prescriptions and techniques, or seek the help of skilled individuals from beyond our borders.

To this end, I have met with the messenger. She has agreed to provide me with what I desire. Once the Seed is found, she will send someone to deliver it to the Xianzhou. I am not sure how she plans to accomplish this, but it was a condition of our agreement, so I shall wait and see.

As for the girl, she has learned quite well under the supervision of my predecessor, but she lacks sufficient experience and tends to be overly rebellious. The servant you sent must watch her every move. There is no need to worry, as she is not likely to break free from our control in the foreseeable future.

There is no need to send new samples after receiving this reply. Back then, we unintentionally created the miracle of Bloomborn Scion, but there is a limit to mere luck. Until I make further progress in my research, such a miracle is unlikely to occur again.

What we are trying to achieve is difficult. It could change the fate of countless people and even lead us to disaster. However, if we succeed, we will no longer be trapped in the predicament that has plagued us for thousands of years.

<div align="right">*signed only with a casually drawn talisman*</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Undestroyed Letter
|zhs  = 未被销毁的信笺
|zht  = 未銷毀的信箋
|ja   = 処分されなかった手紙
|ko   = 폐기되지 않은 편지
|es   = Carta sin destruir
|fr   = Lettre non détruite
|ru   = Уцелевшее письмо
|th   = จดหมายที่ไม่ถูกทำลาย
|vi   = Lá Thư Chưa Bị Hủy
|de   = Unzerstörter Brief
|id   = Surat yang Belum Dihancurkan
|pt   = Carta Intacta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}