{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find a lone swarm juvenile. It is huddling in the jungle depths of planet Anaru, looking up at you with pity in its three pairs of compound eyes as its teeth clack out a crisp cry. Its scattered spores cause your heart to start racing.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You look at its tender mouthparts. It has never had anything to eat since the day it was born. Who could bear to see such a cute and innocent little guy suffer from the cold and hunger?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Despite the feeding of wild animals being illegal, nobody is going to see anything, right? So how about secretly feeding it some trash?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Best to be cautious. &mdash; Discard a maximum of 1 Negative Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The larva rapidly grows under the influence of the Curio. Its wings break through the milky-white skin and split into several independent units which begin attacking you.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Just as I expected. &mdash; Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain 2 Blessing(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Here. Eat some more. Don't get hungry. &mdash; Discard a maximum of 2 Negative Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The larva suddenly mutates under the influence of the Curio, and a huge monster lets out a threatening roar before baring tooth and claw to pounce on you.
::{{DIcon|Star}} You asked for this! &mdash; Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity and 1 random Curio(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Eat whatever you want! Have it all! &mdash; Discard all Negative Curios.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The larva continues to swell and mutate under the influence of the Curio, its molted shell exploding again and again until the entire jungle sky is covered up by it.
::{{DIcon|Star}} This battle is unavoidable. &mdash; Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Enhanced Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity and 3 random Curio(s).
{{Dialogue End}}