{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Akivili;Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' Don't forget you're playing as [[Akivili]]. Turning into a mortal and hiding in the crowd is what you do best. Don't worry. Just close your eyes and relax your limbs, and you will find your senses in the middle of a gallery of a plethora of colors... Then, you start browsing the changing scenes quickly...
:'''Origin Universe:''' You open your eyes and find yourself in Lepismat, where there's no humanity but a swarm of flat insects crawling at your feet. Your instinct screams at you, telling you that this is the beginning of everything! However, you realize that strange and anachronistic items constantly appear and are calculated into being from the loopholes in the Simulated Universe. For example, a manuscript copy of the research of {{Color|Keyword|Finality}} composed by Genius Society member #? has unfolded automatically before you.
:'''Origin Universe:''' You calm down and observe it, knowing that the end of all things is recorded in it. The scribbling writes, "...Tayzzyronth, an Aeon that ascends amid hatred and loneliness. From the words {{Color|Keyword|the Finality}} mutters in their sleep, [[Tayzzyronth]]'s death predetermines their birth. Throughout their whole life, they will be imprisoned in the Path of Propagation. If you're interested, you can learn about its abnormality, its separation, and how it is played by fate..."
:'''Origin Universe:''' This page of the manuscript starts burning by itself after you finish reading it. It carries out a strict self-destruction procedure. The next page contains a handwriting that is even more messy. You believe it will burn after you read it, too...
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Review those geniuses' manuscripts.|It's not like research reports can just jump up and hit you, unless, of course, you secretly want them to?}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' A genius left behind a manuscript before being murdered by Polka Kakamond. His writing style is as vague as his speech: "A&mdash;An Omen Van&mdash;Vanguard successfully interpreted the somniloquy of the Finality, those words sounding like an enigma being played backwards? ...He then traveled around only to share his findings with others... Th&mdash;There are no means to find out... whether the Omen Vanguard's action was effectiv&mdash;ve..."
::'''Origin Universe:''' "Th&mdash;That darn fictitious pills... It claimed... to be able to cure... stuttering disorder... caused by lack of self-confidence... Now... even my writing is... af&mdash;affected..."
::'''Origin Universe:''' As you look elsewhere, the manuscript suddenly jumps and gives your head a *punch*! You are dumbfounded! Before you know it, it is back to where it was lying again.
::'''Origin Universe:''' You wonder whether you were hallucinating just now.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Let's burn them up!|Burn before reading!}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' As you look elsewhere, the manuscript suddenly jumps and gives your head a *punch*! You are dumbfounded! Before you know it, it is back to where it was lying again.
::'''Origin Universe:''' You wonder whether you were hallucinating just now.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
