{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part VII
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part VII''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' The scent of blood pierces your nostrils, jolting you awake! You find yourself amidst an unprecedented massacre and the onset of all that was to follow. If only everything could halt at this instant, but regrettably, no one can freeze the passage of time...
:'''Origin Universe:''' You caress the Elydichnan army insignia affixed to your chest... Your regiment has just erupted into conflict with bounty hunters... And yes, you know well that you are on Lepismat, for where else would you be surrounded by countless sandworms?
:'''Origin Universe:''' You discern that certain insects are being utilized by the army as weapons due to their self-replication features. Some insects are reproducing on the battlefield like a legion that regenerates infinitely, while some colossal insects are purging the surface of all hostile entities.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|I will put down my gun.|This is not what I want to do.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' You think you can stay out of this? Think again! You must learn to defend yourself... both on the battlefield and in your life.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Death surrounds you, with corpses of both humans and insects littering the landscape. It's better to be the hunter than the prey! But to your amazement, in the midst of the battle, the Swarm abruptly ceases its flight and begins to reproduce. This moment may herald the advent of a new age of cosmic organisms! You never imagined that such a wondrous sight could occur right before your eyes.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Trembling, you suddenly spot the last of the Coleoptera on Lepismat, which hurtles into the sky with a shattered carapace and trails of mucus, leaving behind the chaos, carnage, and the unending flames of war. An otherworldly entity appears to be observing everything with its colossal eye.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|I wanna populate my insectoid index!|It's just a simulation game!}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' Yes, you have to convince yourself that this is not a game.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Death surrounds you, with corpses of both humans and insects littering the landscape. It's better to be the hunter than the prey! But to your amazement, in the midst of the battle, the Swarm abruptly ceases its flight and begins to reproduce. This moment may herald the advent of a new age of cosmic organisms! You never imagined that such a wondrous sight could occur right before your eyes.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Trembling, you suddenly spot the last of the Coleoptera on Lepismat, which hurtles into the sky with a shattered carapace and trails of mucus, leaving behind the chaos, carnage, and the unending flames of war. An otherworldly entity appears to be observing everything with its colossal eye.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part VII
|zhs  = 其七
|zht  = 其七
|ja   = その7
|ko   = VII
|es   = Parte VII
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;VII
|ru   = VII
|th   = ตอน 7
|vi   = Phần 7
|de   = Teil 7
|id   = Bagian VII
|pt   = Parte VII
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
