{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part IV
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta
}}
'''Part IV''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' You are no stranger to the sudden darkness that envelopes you... for you have experienced too many inexplicable things, time and time again... This time, three shadows appear before you. Those who have once lived and perished may occasionally appear here. Their features flicker and waver, at times taking the form of insects resembling Melchiez's adopted sons... Perhaps they possess different souls.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|A certain nobleman once recorded before he fell into a crazed state...|You're starting to feel a little *crazy* too.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' "The formidable army spawned by the self-replication and division of the Sand King originates from the Lepismat system. Some units of the Swarm have transformed into ground combat units... They have sacrificed flight for colossal size and hardened carapaces... These units often serve as the shock troops of the Swarm Invasion, using their massive bodies to break through defenses..."
::'''Origin Universe:''' You have become madder.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|A certain traveler with an active imagination murmurs to himself behind the glass wall after being confined...|You try to enter his mind.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' "I have seen wonders beyond the scope of human imagination... I have seen dozens of insects intertwine and give birth to entirely new offspring, which in turn weave themselves together like a shape-shifting rose with countless interlocking petals. The reproductive cycle of the Swarm is akin to a flower emitting pheromones and various scents... a breathtaking combination of monstrosity and beauty..."
::'''Origin Universe:''' Understanding someone else's thoughts is never an easy task... You are starting to get drowsy.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|A piece of evidence left behind by a certain Armed Archaeologist before they were murdered...|You feel sorry.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' "Lepismat was once a site of flourishing biodiversity, where insects of multiple biological sexes may have coexisted with each serving their own unique functions within the Swarm. However, it remains unclear which branches of the Swarm were responsible for reproduction during this era. However, at some point, the ancient insects gradually drifted toward the brink of extinction."
::'''Origin Universe:''' You are more curious about why he was murdered... But unfortunately, it seems he doesn't care about himself.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Leave.|Looks like [[Herta]] needs to do some bug fixing for the Simulated Universe.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part IV
|zhs  = 其四
|zht  = 其四
|ja   = その4
|ko   = IV
|es   = Parte IV
|fr   = Partie IV
|ru   = IV
|th   = ตอน 4
|vi   = Phần 4
|de   = Teil 4
|id   = Bagian IV
|pt   = Parte IV
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
