{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part II
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part II''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' When you look up, you find yourself on an isolated island with coconut trees and ocean currents. The inhabitants are dressed in animal hide in the most primitive form. Forced to live in isolation, it suddenly occurs to you that it is the *place of destiny*. The first world the Propagation descended upon after their ascension seemed to be predetermined. Several Amber Eras ago, this place was gradually isolated due to geographic and ocean current changes. Loneliness thickens, mixes, and stirs, and the island is like a handful of soil waiting to be sown.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' You have nothing to do, and there is only an odd-looking flame on the wasteland before you. You put out the colorful flame with seawater, and a rather charred photo frame emerges... There is a drowned knife next to it.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Speak with the photo frame.|This is something you often do... Does everyone have that many friends?}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' There is something peculiar about this photograph that chimes an irresistible fear within you. As you gaze upon it, you detect how fate expresses itself: The Mandalan islanders draw on photos, creating colorful wings upon the image of their family members' shoulders. That multicolored flame erupting out is the representation of life itself. They connect and embrace each other with flames, culminating in the birth of new life.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' The Mandalan islanders use the continuation of life to resist the fear of loneliness and death - there is nothing else on this isolated island except love and loneliness... Regrettably, this flame will eventually be extinguished, and the island will end up being the initial breeding ground for the Swarm.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Anyone, no one will jump out and become your friend... You make a yawn.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Make a small cut with a small knife!|You don't know why such a thought occurred, but you only live once!}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' A ravenous desire for Destruction smolders in your heart... stoked by your overwhelming fear of annihilation! Your right hand rises uncontrollably as an irresistible fear tinkles through you and forces you to make a decision to commit robbery...
::'''Swarm Universe:''' However, as you touch the knife, countless souls who once caressed this blade appear and dissipate, and stories flood into your mind. For, out of the same fear, a one-armed father once wielded this very knife to protect his daughter. And yet, amidst the warfare that destroyed their village, the grown daughter ended her own life amidst the Swarm...
::'''Swarm Universe:''' ...There is nothing else on this isolated island except love and loneliness... Regrettably, they will end up being the initial breeding ground for the Swarm.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Anyone, no one will jump out and become your friend... You make a yawn.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part II
|zhs  = 其二
|zht  = 其二
|ja   = その2
|ko   = II
|es   = Parte II
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;II
|ru   = II
|th   = ตอน 2
|vi   = Phần 2
|de   = Teil 2
|id   = Bagian II
|pt   = Parte II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
