{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part V
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part V''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' At the hospital on Mandalan Island, your ears are filled with raucous cries... The number of newborns has peaked at an all-time high. In the days that follow, they rushed out of the isolated island, and as a result, Swarms emerge in the skies all over Lapole Major.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' You hold out with the doctors at the hospital for twenty-one days until the Lapole Major government officially announces the planet's fall and requests interstellar rescue. As transport ships arrive to evacuate the first batch of survivors, you hear whispers among some of the refugees, urging a distraught woman to flee the area. She refuses to open the door, and her window lies shattered.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' Driven by a sudden urge, you leap through the broken window and give her a good grimace! For her, this will be a *better* solace than those fools' comforting words.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' She is startled by your bold move! For a moment, you're unsure who is the *madder* one between you and the woman. Satisfied, you glance around the room and spot the toddler shoes scattered on the floor, a heartbreaking revelation of the woman's cruel fate...
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Tell her about the fate that she must accept.|Her children have all left, which also means they will never return.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' She winces... as if her blood has stopped flowing through her veins. Then, she asks you to leave.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Later, on the twenty-fourth night of the Swarm Invasion, she discovers an insect crawling through a slit in her window and raises it as her own child. She teaches it to walk, to put on shoes, and even to speak with all her heart. Seven days later, her house becomes flooded with her new offspring... although none of them can put on shoes for themselves.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' You rub your feet uneasily, sadly reaffirmed about your ability to move your own feet.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|It's better to seal the window up.|You are unwilling to tell her what you saw.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' You accept the woman's reprimand in silence and take this chance to seal the broken windows in her room before leaving.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Later, on the twenty-fourth night of the Swarm Invasion, she raises an insect that comes in through a slit on her window as her own child. She teaches it how to walk, how to put on shoes, and even how to speak with all her heart and so. Seven days later, her house is flooded with her heirs... although none of them can put on shoes for themselves.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' You rub your feet uneasily, sadly reaffirmed about your ability to move your own feet.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part V
|zhs  = 其五
|zht  = 其五
|ja   = その5
|ko   = V
|es   = Parte V
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;V
|ru   = V
|th   = ตอน 5
|vi   = Phần 5
|de   = Teil 5
|id   = Bagian V
|pt   = Parte V
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
