{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part VIII
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part VIII''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' A vast swarm of locusts is once again pursuing you! Their buzzing wings produce such a cacophony that it causes you a headache... You slam the door and barricade them outside! You must find some solace... so you take out your treasured pocket watch and tenderly fondle it to stimulate your senses!
:'''Swarm Universe:''' In the eyes of others, you appear to be fondling and indulging in your pocket watch... But you alone know that the "distress records" frequencies have been inscribed as Morse code and are noted via the minute movements in the watch hands.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' You believe that once you survive this catastrophe, this piece of scrap metal will become priceless! And you shall become the second Louis Fleming!
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Let me hear its voice...|I want to fast-track my progress towards financial freedom!}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' {{Color|Keyword|A signal from an Elothean city guard}}: A soldier who has lost one of his arms is shooing away flies in front of a fruit store, completely unaware that his city will be overrun by locusts in merely three days.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' This is the 1&times; Speed Universe.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' {{Color|Keyword|A signal from the Synesthesia Center on Trashill}}: Residents of Trashill send out a distress signal to the universe, hoping to be rescued within two system hours. When an escort sent by the Order arrives, they find that the entire star system has already succumbed to the Swarm.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' This is the 2&times; Speed Universe.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' {{Color|Keyword|A signal from the microbes on the potted plant "Greenhill"}}: The "Greenhill" was created by a genius just to slake his obsessive desire for observing tiny intelligent beings. He marveled his little subjects as they groomed, nourished, and excreted in a state of ecstasy, until the entire Greenhill was trampled by a single True Sting!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' This is the 10&times; Speed Universe.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Sadly, no matter how many credits you offer, the Swarm outside shows no sign of ebbing. You hear a loud crash as the barricades give way... Now, you have to face the brutal reality.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Break it!|Others' pain shall never become my solace.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Sadly, no matter how many credits you offer, the Swarm outside shows no sign of ebbing. You hear a loud crash as the barricades give way... Now, you have to face the brutal reality.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part VIII
|zhs   = 其八
|zht   = 其八
|ja    = その8
|ko    = VIII
|es    = Parte VIII
|fr    = Partie VIII
|ru    = VIII
|th    = ตอน 8
|vi    = Phần 8
|de    = Teil 8
|id    = Bagian VIII
|pt    = Parte VIII
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
