{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' On planet Zeus Tehtera, where the distinction between day and night has long been blurred by the all-encompassing darkness wrought by the Swarm, the residents have already resigned themselves to their doomed fate. However, the shroud of darkness suddenly lifts &mdash; and the light of dawn breaks through. A triumphant and exultant celebration ensues, lasting for three full natural days and nights. You join in the revelry halfway through, imbibing to your heart's content with the jubilant crowd for eighteen days and nights, until a realization dawns upon you: The daylight has persisted for far too long.
:'''Ember Universe:''' Your gaze falls upon a stone cabinet at the center of the ruins: Some stubborn souls are still clinging to the past.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Give it a knock.|You are still waiting for him to come out of the stone closet.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' You politely knock on it and wait there for eleven whole natural months...
::'''Ember Universe:''' In the end, you lose your patience and pull a naked man out of the cabinet, shouting, "Stop hiding! The Swarm is no more!"
::'''Ember Universe:''' At that moment, a heartrending wail erupts from this miner from the support team, who then clings to the stone cabinet and cries for three days and nights. His grief is so profound that he and the cabinet seem like a pair of bitter lovers forced apart.
::'''Ember Universe:''' ...There's nothing wrong with living in the past.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Leave.|You feel disinclined to interrupt his time inside the closet.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' ...There's nothing wrong with living in the past.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part III
|zhs  = 其三
|zht  = 其三
|ja   = その3
|ko   = III
|es   = Parte III
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;III
|ru   = III
|th   = ตอน 3
|vi   = Phần 3
|de   = Teil 3
|id   = Bagian III
|pt   = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
