{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part IX
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part IX''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' The Swarm recedes, and you return to Lapole Major, only to find it strewn with dead branches and bite marks everywhere &mdash; evidence of Swarm devastation. Suddenly, you notice a wooden hut that is familiar to you. You recall seeing it once, a long, long time ago when its windows were obscured by snow and its wooden shingles exuded the scent of pine nuts.
:'''Ember Universe:''' Eighty-seven tiny garments and over seven thousand pairs of little shoes. They are familiar to you, but you fail to recollect where you saw them before.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Before entering, take a big whiff.|These have never been worn, so they have absolutely no smell.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' The fragrance of love, originating from Melchidek, the last hermit on Lapole Major.
::'''Ember Universe:''' You gaze at the ashes in the furnace, and they seem to speak of Melchidek's past. She had been waiting for her children until her food had been depleted and everything outside had been devastated. She stumbled, opened the door, and cast herself into the darkness that enveloped the sky.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Before entering, take off your shoes!|The ones on your feet are different, try to refrain from smelling them.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' Your manners exude politeness, but manners absent of scent cannot be considered quite so splendid.
::'''Ember Universe:''' You gaze at the ashes in the furnace, and they seem to speak of Melchidek's past. She had been waiting for her children until her food had been depleted and everything outside had been devastated. She stumbled, opened the door, and cast herself into the darkness that enveloped the sky.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part IX
|zhs  = 其九
|zht  = 其九
|ja   = その9
|ko   = IX
|es   = Parte IX
|fr   = Partie IX
|ru   = IX
|th   = ตอน 9
|vi   = Phần 9
|de   = Teil 9
|id   = Bagian IX
|pt   = Parte IX
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
