{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part VI
|image         = 1.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part VI''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' The calamity has ultimately ceased, or at least one must believe so. Ahead lies only those tending to the psychological needs of survivors, their ashen visages not unlike the ruins of their forlorn city now deprived of its former glory in the wake of the apocalypse.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Participate in the psychological intervention and assistance work after the catastrophic swarm in the Elothean Empire.|You will also become slightly *hurt*.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' The psychological assistance center of Elothea is seeking temporary helpers. While there will be no payment, the satisfaction of aiding those in need will be rewarding enough on its own.
::'''Ember Universe:''' Out of love, you harden your heart and bury it.
::'''Ember Universe:''' Merely staying alive is traumatic in itself.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Sitting beside the 14th Emperor and helping him equivocate and embellish...|Narration itself is just a fancy sensory trick...}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' Making up stories is your forte. As the Fourteenth Emperor gazes skyward, watching the Swarm retreat, he implores you to document the phenomenon. Inventing twelve distinct explanations for the ebbing Swarm, you fabricate twelve different versions of prophecies in response to this omen. In the years that follow, the prophecies you created become popular among the trendy Ptarmigans, who use them as a means to divine their character and destiny, masking their unease about the capricious future.
::'''Ember Universe:''' You have become a master astrologer without effort!
::'''Ember Universe:''' Merely staying alive is traumatic in itself.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Leave.|You are in a hurry.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' Merely staying alive is traumatic in itself.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part VI
|zhs   = 其六
|zht   = 其六
|ja    = その6
|ko    = VI
|es    = Parte VI
|fr    = Partie VI
|ru    = VI
|th    = ตอน 6
|vi    = Phần 6
|de    = Teil 6
|id    = Bagian VI
|pt    = Parte VI
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
