<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Critter Pick: Nurture#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8016201
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Critter Pick Nurture.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Critter Pick
|chapter       = Critter Pick
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Helper Robot; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = Critter Pick: Care
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*20; Traveler's Guide*3; Lost Crystal*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Critter Pick: Nurture''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Critter Pick]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Seclusion Zone and talk to the Helper Robot.
# Use the Lifeform Oven to conduct your first round of nurturing
# Chat with your first creation
# Find the lost creation and monitor its condition
# Take the confused creation back to the Helper Robot and chat with the robot
# Use the Lifeform Oven to nurture a rare creation
# Report back to the Helper Robot about your nurturing results
# Keep nurturing creations, and upgrade Research Level to 2

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Seclusion Zone and talk to the Helper Robot.{{subst:void|<!--801620103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|The genius' visit left behind mysterious creations from Ruan Mei on the space station. Asta has tasked you with nurturing these weird little lifeforms, and she's even prepared a Lifeform Oven and Helper Robot for you with Screwllum.<br />How exactly do you nurture creations? Let's ask the Helper Robot first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Helper Robot
:'''Helper Robot:''' Hello! I am the Helper Robot who looks after Madam Ruan Mei's creations. It is a pleasure to serve.
:'''Helper Robot:''' Before we begin with the nurturing, please allow me to explain the process.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's get to it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nurturing how?
:'''Helper Robot:''' The space station is analyzing the genetic components of the creations, and we must nurture more creations due to an insufficient sample size.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the Lifeform Oven to conduct your first round of nurturing{{subst:void|<!--801620111-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSpaceZooMainPage",
	"PageType": "Bag",
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with your first creation{{subst:void|<!--801620105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|Oh, with the Helper Robot's assistance, you manage to use the Lifeform Oven to nurture a new lifeform.<br />What should this new creation call you? How are you going to take care of it? Suddenly, you begin to feel somewhat closer to the parenting experience...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitUIControllerClose",
	"UIControllerName": "SpaceZooMainPage"
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_ruanmei_dousha_scared"
	},
	"EmitterType": "NPC",
	"GroupID": 122,
	"ID": 400001
}</pre>
:<!--0.6-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001
	]
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|It whizzes out before you're even able to see what color its tail is.}}
:{{tx}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the lost creation and monitor its condition{{subst:void|<!--801620110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|The newly nurtured creation is a little shy and fearfully bolts out of your sight. The Helper Robot tells you it's not safe outside, so you should rush after it quickly.<br />But then again, this kind of sifting around through trash like this... Your knees and back are not going to thank you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_ruanmei_dousha_askhelp"
	},
	"EmitterType": "NPC",
	"GroupID": 106,
	"ID": 400001
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take the confused creation back to the Helper Robot and chat with the robot{{subst:void|<!--801620107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|You manage to successfully find the lost creation, and... you discover a mysterious mutation on it for which you have no explanation. Better head back and ask the Helper Robot about it.<br />Does eating trash makes them evolve? Something seems off just thinking about it...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|undefined}} Helper Robot
:{{tx}}
:'''Helper Robot:''' (Trailblazer), thanks to your efforts, many batches of creations have spawned. It's getting lively around here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Ask it to help clean up)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell it what just happened)
:'''Helper Robot:''' I see. Well, they are still young, their minds not yet fully developed.
:'''Helper Robot:''' But these concerns of yours are also reasonable. Even if cleaning is performed daily, similar things will keep happening...
:'''Helper Robot:''' They have plenty of fun like this, but other creations will suffer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If it doesn't work out, they can always be put up for adoption.
::'''Helper Robot:''' That won't work. Even if we put them up for adoption, similar situations will keep happening with other creations.
::'''Helper Robot:''' When the time comes, are you going to try and give away all the creations?
::Maybe we can teach them a lesson?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe we can teach them a lesson?
:'''Helper Robot:''' No, please don't. This is not good.
:'''Helper Robot:''' Different creations have different needs: Some like to have fun, some like to be quiet, some are sloppy, and some are germaphobes...
:'''Helper Robot:''' We can modify this zone and divide them by function to try and meet their needs to the greatest extent possible.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then what should we do?
::'''Helper Robot:''' Simple: Separate them according to their functionality.
::Are you talking about renovating?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you talking about renovating?
:'''Helper Robot:''' It's a similar concept, but it won't be as complicated in practice.
:'''Helper Robot:''' I have run some estimations. Their most basic needs are food and rest, and we have supplies on hand. It is wholly possible to create two separate areas based on that alone, and divide them according to their functions.
:'''Helper Robot:''' In the Dining Area, they just indulge in their meals. After eating, they can play nearby &mdash; everyone's eating, anyway, so they won't care.
:'''Helper Robot:''' Those in the Rest Area should be keeping quiet. Those who are done eating in the Dining Area or who have worn themselves out playing can come here for a good sleep.
:'''Helper Robot:''' This way... any differences or friction between them can be gradually reduced. You just need to teach them how to use the different areas.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do we have to move them around manually?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Should we teach them about all this?
:'''Helper Robot:''' The intelligence levels among creations vary. We need to come up with a comprehensive approach...
:'''Helper Robot:''' Images are the easiest way to get meaning across. You can spray a mark on the ground in the different areas, with graffiti of what the area is for to alleviate any confusion.
:'''Helper Robot:''' But...
:The Helper Robot awkwardly looks at you.
:'''Helper Robot:''' I'm sorry, but my levitation height is fixed and cannot be lowered... so...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine, I'll do it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me!
:'''Helper Robot:''' Then I'll leave it to you. The spray device has been installed. Once you've finished the spraying, you can accommodate the creations in the corresponding areas.
:{{tx}}
----
:{{tx}}
:'''Helper Robot:''' What's going on?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Recount what just happened)
:'''Helper Robot:''' Based on what you have just described, my initial hypothesis is that it has mutated after consuming the trash.
:{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; P_801620105)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the Lifeform Oven to nurture a rare creation{{subst:void|<!--801620108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|"Mutation" is not common among creations. The Helper Robot asks you to keep nurturing it using the approach just outlined and see if you can crack the mystery behind Ruan Mei's creations.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report back to the Helper Robot about your nurturing results{{subst:void|<!--801620102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|So... this kind of "mutation" can actually be generated by a recipe? Your nurturing results have confirmed it. Go report back to the Helper Robot immediately. This will definitely come in useful with the space station's special research into creations.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitUIControllerClose",
	"UIControllerName": "SpaceZooMainPage"
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|You have successfully nurtured a new batch of creations. The traits of this batch are extremely unique.}}
:{{Black Screen|You can't help but wonder where these special traits are actually coming from.}}
:You have successfully nurtured a new batch of creations. The traits of this batch are extremely unique.
:You can't help but wonder where these special traits are actually coming from.
:'''Helper Robot:''' The Department of Ecology's latest research has been downloaded. Loading... please wait...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's that on top of their heads?
::'''Helper Robot:''' That is their sensory organ. Think of it as a "hat" that comes with them.
::How come eating trash leads to mutations?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How come eating trash leads to mutations?
:'''Helper Robot:''' Because it wears a "trashcan" on its head.
:'''Helper Robot:''' I'm sorry, that joke wasn't particularly funny. I have yet to fully master the esoteric rules of human language.
:'''Helper Robot:''' I have seen some creations whose physical traits greatly differ from most of the others. They drift around all over the place. If you get the chance, you might just run into one of them.
:'''Helper Robot:''' It would be very good if you could bring them to me. With sufficient samples, the secrets of their physical traits can be decoded.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is the principle behind the mutations?
:'''Helper Robot:''' I'm sorry, this is not well understood. However, the Department of Ecology has sent two creation species that you can use for nurturing research.
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Helper Robot
----
:{{tx}}
:'''Helper Robot:''' What's going on?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Recount what just happened)
:'''Helper Robot:''' Based on what you have just described, my initial hypothesis is that it has mutated after consuming the trash.
:{{tx}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Keep nurturing creations, and upgrade Research Level to 2{{subst:void|<!--801620109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|There are still several special creations wandering around the space station. The researchers need enough samples to crack the secret behind their physical traits. The weight of this task now rests upon your shoulders...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Critter Pick: Nurture
|zhs  = 异宠拾遗：培育
|zht  = 異寵拾遺：培育
|ja   = わくわくワンダーペット：培養
|ko   = 이색 펫 연구: 육성
|es   = Búsqueda de mascotas exóticas: desarrollo
|fr   = Chasse aux créatures insolites&nbsp;: Élevage
|ru   = Охота на экзотических питомцев: Взращивание
|th   = รวบรวมสิ่งมีชีวิตสุดแปลก: เพาะเลี้ยง
|vi   = Góp Nhặt Thú Cưng: Nuôi Dưỡng
|de   = Exotische Haustiersammlung: Kultivierung
|id   = Budi Daya Makhluk Eksotis: Pengembangan
|pt   = Escolha de Criaturas: Cuidado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
