<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Critter Pick: Reunion#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8016203
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Critter Pick Reunion.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Critter Pick
|chapter       = Critter Pick
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Butler; Helper Robot; Lambda's Friend; Trailblazer; Wisteria Cake
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Seclusion Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Seclusion Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*20; Traveler's Guide*3; Lost Crystal*2; Recipe: Delicious Bean Cake*1 { text = Recipe: Delicious Bean Cake }; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Critter Pick: Reunion''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Critter Pick]] event.

==Steps==
# Go back to the Lifeform Oven and wait for the "surprise" to appear
# Keep nurturing creations and upgrade Research Level to 6.
# Take a group photo of you and your creations
# Send the group photo to Ruan Mei
# Chat with Wisteria Cake to learn what it needs
# (Optional) Use spray paint to touch up the background for the photo.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1222400,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1222400
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801620312,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"isLocal": true,
		"isRange": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go back to the Lifeform Oven and wait for the "surprise" to appear{{subst:void|<!--801620304-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|Asta tells you that there's a "surprise" waiting over for you at the Helper Robot. You decide to head over and see who &mdash; or what &mdash; is awaits you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; P_801620301)
:{{tx}}
::'''Helper Robot:''' (Trailblazer), you're here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Anything wondrous happened lately?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where's the "surprise"?
::'''Helper Robot:''' Well...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And you are?
:::'''Wisteria Cake:''' If we follow the Station Department of Ecology rules of nomenclature, then you can call me Wisteria Cake. Anything lucky enough to inherit these quality genetic traits can be called that, too.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You look like Herta...
:::'''Wisteria Cake:''' You're not the first one to say that.
::'''Helper Robot:''' It is the first creation of Ruan Mei's that's asked to see you.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Let me see this legendary (Trailblazer) then &mdash; show me what in holy heck people see.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take a good look.
:::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Hmm, pretty tall. Nice.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You came just to see me?
:::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Of course, I didn't.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' I didn't just come to see you.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' I'm researching my origin story &mdash; my background, my race, my genes, all of that stuff. Most of it is still blank to me.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Unfortunately, even with this brain of mine I still can't get the answer I'm looking for. My research has hit a bottleneck, and now I need your help.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What bottleneck?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know nothing about science.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Don't worry, just listen to this, so your ignorance doesn't impede my research.
::{{tx}}
::{{Black Screen|Wisteria Cake brings over a companion to you.}}
::'''Helper Robot:''' (Trailblazer), you're here!
::Anything wondrous happened lately?
::Where's the "surprise"?
::'''Helper Robot:''' Well...
::The Helper Robot gestures for you to look at the creation by its side.
::'''???:''' Are you blind? Haven't you noticed how splendidly magnificent I am?
::And you are?
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' If we follow the Station Department of Ecology rules of nomenclature, then you can call me Wisteria Cake. Anything lucky enough to inherit these quality genetic traits can be called that, too.
::You look like Herta...
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' You're not the first one to say that.
::'''Helper Robot:''' It is the first creation of Ruan Mei's that's asked to see you.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Let me see this legendary (Trailblazer) then &mdash; show me what in holy heck people see.
::Take a good look.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Hmm, pretty tall. Nice.
::You came just to see me?
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Of course, I didn't.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' I didn't just come to see you.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' I'm researching my origin story &mdash; my background, my race, my genes, all of that stuff. Most of it is still blank to me.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Unfortunately, even with this brain of mine I still can't get the answer I'm looking for. My research has hit a bottleneck, and now I need your help.
::What bottleneck?
::I know nothing about science.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Don't worry, just listen to this, so your ignorance doesn't impede my research.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Before I inform you about my mighty research project, I'd like to introduce you to a friend...
::Wisteria Cake brings over a companion to you.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' Hello. I'm just here by invite. Don't mind me.
::'''Butler:''' ...Why did Miss Ruan Mei create you? *sniffle* This is not fair.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' Uhh...
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Shut up, you're such a scammer, acting all high and mighty. Don't ever talk to my friend like that again.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' Alright, apart from this arrogant friend of mine who won't quit stalking me &mdash; don't you feel surprised?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks... a little familiar.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like someone I know.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' She and I have very similar traits, which were caused by genetic mutations. But I have no idea as to why I might look like some of these other people you know.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' But I think it all has something to do with you. Isn't that right, (Trailblazer)?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't drag me into this.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' I suspect this is all connected on some kind of spiritual level...
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' But I have far too few samples to research, so that's why I'd like to ask for your help in nurturing more creations with a few more rare traits.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' If you really can't manage that, then nurture some more ordinary creations. I can get by, so long as I have enough samples.
::'''Helper Robot:''' Your research topic is exactly the same as that of the space station.
::'''Helper Robot:''' So, (Trailblazer), can you think of a way to nurture these rare creations? This is the last piece of the puzzle remaining for the space station's research program.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lemme try.
:::'''Helper Robot:''' I believe in you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:::'''Wisteria Cake:''' If you don't reply, should I take that as agreement?
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' It's fine since our goals are aligned. I have some things for you that you might find helpful with your nurturing job.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Keep nurturing creations and upgrade Research Level to 6.{{subst:void|<!--801620305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|The creations that look very similar to Herta and Ruan Mei come to seek out your help. They hope you can keep on nurturing creations and speed up the research process to satisfy their curiosity.<br />The creations don't have to go to work like the researchers do, so you really have no idea why they want to perform research as well. Isn't it better to laze around?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a group photo of you and your creations{{subst:void|<!--801620302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|Wanting to see Ruan Mei. Wanting to convey their longing to her. Wanting her to remember them... These are the wishes of all her creations. Now's the time &mdash; while they're all clustered around you &mdash; to take the big group photo.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400019,
		400020
	],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": []
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; opendecal)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DecalPuzzleStart",
	"DecalConfigIDs": [
		10,
		11,
		12,
		13
	],
	"Title": {
		"Hash": -509757811
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionWayPoint",
	"SubMissionID": 801620302,
	"OverideMissionWayPointType": true,
	"WayPointGroupID": 98
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; DecalPuzzle_Finish)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DecalPuzzleEnd"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; DecalPuzzle_Terminate)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionWayPoint",
	"SubMissionID": 801620302,
	"OverideMissionWayPointType": true,
	"MissionWayPointType": "NPC",
	"OverideWayPointGroupID": true,
	"WayPointGroupID": 98,
	"OverideWayPointEntityID": true,
	"WayPointEntityID": 400012
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Send the group photo to Ruan Mei{{subst:void|<!--801620303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|The group photo has been taken, and you prepare to send it off to Ruan Mei. Who knows what she'll think of it...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1222200,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1222200
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitUIControllerClose",
	"UIControllerName": "SpaceZooMainPage"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1222401,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1222401
}</pre>

{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with Wisteria Cake to learn what it needs{{subst:void|<!--801620309-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|Wisteria Cake still has other things that it wants to bother you with, a constant stream of never-ending demands that reminds you of its lookalike, Herta. Whatever, for the sake of these poor creations....<br />Don't tell me this little one is going to try and build its own mini Simulated Universe.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; P_801620302)
:'''Helper Robot:''' (Trailblazer), thank you for all your hard work over the past few days.
::'''Helper Robot:''' The space station's research has basically been completed. However, there's one last thing I'd like to task you with...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is it?
:::'''Helper Robot:''' Don't worry, this is really easy.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} One last thing, then.
:::'''Helper Robot:''' Yeah.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' To be precise, it's her who wants help with something.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' ...Well, it's me. You may have noticed that I have the same aura and traits as Ruan Mei herself.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' Even the creations here get the two of us mixed up.
::'''Butler:''' You really do look very similar to Miss Ruan Mei. That's actually why I keep following you around...
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' Everyone misses her so much, and I even hear some creations whimper "Mommy"... But unfortunately, I am not Ruan Mei.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' I want to do whatever I can for them...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you want Ruan Mei to pay them a visit?
:::'''Lambda's Friend:''' If she could, that would be best. But knowing her temperament, I don't think she'll be coming back.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you want to do?
:::'''Lambda's Friend:''' I'd like you to take some group photos of everyone.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' You know all the tricks aboard the space station, so I know you must have a way of reaching Miss Ruan Mei.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' We'd like you to take some photos and send them to her.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' First up, here's my official request: A photo of me with her, and you have to send it to her. I'm curious about how she and Herta will react.
::'''Wisteria Cake:''' And then a group photo of all the other creations. You can take a few photos and send her all of them.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' And well, even if she leaves the messages unread, at least we'll be passing on everyone's feelings...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry, she'll definitely check it out.
::'''Lambda's Friend:''' I'm counting on you then.
::{{tx}}
::{{Black Screen|Wisteria Cake and "Lambda's Friend" attract many creations to come nearby, with an aura that seemingly captivates them, or perhaps intoxicates them.}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 0.5
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Use spray paint to touch up the background for the photo.{{subst:void|<!--801620308-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|If taking group photos is boring, you can use some of these rad graffiti patterns. Maybe it'll end up having the unexpected effect of stealing the limelight and bringing joy to everyone...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Critter Pick: Reunion
|zhs  = 异宠拾遗：团聚
|zht  = 異寵拾遺：團聚
|ja   = わくわくワンダーペット：団らん
|ko   = 이색 펫 연구: 단란
|es   = Búsqueda de mascotas exóticas: reunión
|fr   = Chasse aux créatures insolites&nbsp;: Réunion
|ru   = Охота на экзотических питомцев: Воссоединение
|th   = รวบรวมสิ่งมีชีวิตสุดแปลก: อยู่ร่วมกัน
|vi   = Góp Nhặt Thú Cưng: Tụ Họp
|de   = Exotische Haustiersammlung: Vereinigung
|id   = Budi Daya Makhluk Eksotis: Bersatu
|pt   = Escolha de Criaturas: Reunião
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
