<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Beastkin#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = The Hunt*6
|path2    = Propagation*4
|effect   = When no enemy targets on field have "Beast Tongue," "Beast Tongue" is applied to random attacked target after ally targets use an attack. After enemies with "Beast Tongue" receive a total of {{Color|h|8}} attack(s) or are defeated, they take Lightning DMG equal to {{Color|h|4,000%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}}, adjacent targets take DMG equal to {{Color|h|3,000%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}}, and all allies increase CRIT DMG by {{Color|h|60%}} and SPD by {{Color|h|20%}} for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). If in the "{{Extra Effect|Butterfly Soul|61000052}}" state, then it is considered to additionally launching {{Color|h|1}} attack(s).
|mentions = Thanatos
}}
'''Beastkin''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|You surely have never witnessed how the offspring of Clydamas avenged him.<br />The warrior, blessed by the sky father, was strangled by their brother upon returning home.<br />The nightingale heard the breath of Thanatos first,<br />The ten-horned beast sniffed out the murderer, and the dromas mourned its nurturer.<br />They recall the youth once standing on a mountain, raising an eagle to the sky,<br />Summoning a pride of lions on a plain, and carrying forward the heroes.<br />The taste of blood lingered on the tip of the direwolf's tongue,<br />Given by him as they fell into the trap together.<br />Surely you have heard of the hunter who never killed his prey.<br />His arrows flew only toward enemies that harmed the world.<br />The beasts raised by the youth still guard the homeland from afar.<br />Beneath the forest lie the corpses of the unrighteous.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Beastkin
|zhs  = 百兽族亲
|zht  = 百獸族親
|ja   = {{Rubi|百獣|ひゃくじゅう}}の{{Rubi|血族|けつぞく}}
|ko   = 백수(百獸)의 일족
|es   = Clan de las bestias
|fr   = Créature bestiale
|ru   = Из звериного рода
|th   = ชนเผ่าร้อยอสูร
|vi   = Thân Tộc Bách Thú
|de   = Bestienwesen
|id   = Beastkin
|pt   = Familiar das Feras
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}