<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Caprism#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Erudition*6
|path2    = Propagation*4
|effect   = After all allies use their Ultimates a total of {{Color|h|2}} time(s), deals {{Color|h|2}} instances of Wind DMG equal to {{Color|h|600%}} {{Trait|base DMG}} to a random enemy target. This DMG will deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|30%}} of the original DMG to adjacent units. Every time this effect is triggered, increases the number of instances by 1 in this battle and increases the Basic ATK / Skill / Ultimate DMG dealt by ally targets by {{Color|h|12%}}, to a maximum of {{Color|h|15}} time(s).
|mentions = Cerces
}}
'''Caprism''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Don't ruuuun! Helioticus? Perfect timing.<br />Don't just stand there. Help me catch that chimera!<br />It was obedient before, but ever since it tasted a snack from the Lotophagists,<br />It's been restless.<br />Watch out for its claws. It may look small,<br />Its claws are sharper than a Ladon spear.<br />Oh, and I forgot to warn you, its tail has a trace amount of toxin.<br />If it stings you, starting from the wound, your leg might go numb for a few days.<br />I've put a lot of effort into raising this little rascal.<br />When I was guarding by the tree, I recited the name of Cerces a thousand times.<br />Given my success in cultivating such a creature, I think the Grove suits me better than the battlefield.<br />Hey! Didn't you want me to say something? Why are you leaving?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Caprism
|zhs  = 山羊学派
|zht  = 山羊學派
|ja   = {{Rubi|山羊学派|やぎがくは}}
|ko   = 카프라 학파
|es   = Escuela Cabramontesa
|fr   = Caprisme
|ru   = Школа роговедов
|th   = สำนักแพะสิงขร
|vi   = Học Phái Sơn Dương
|de   = Caprismus
|id   = Caprism
|pt   = Caprismo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}