<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cocoon Dressmaker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Propagation*6
|path2    = Harmony*4
|effect   = When entering the "{{Extra Effect|Butterfly Soul|61000052}}" state, inflict "Cocoon" to all enemy targets. They cannot take action in the next turn, are action delayed by {{Color|h|50%}} at the start of the turn, and take Physical DMG equal to {{Color|h|5,000%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}}. While allies are in the "{{Extra Effect|Butterfly Soul|61000052}}" state, enemy targets will become afflicted with "Cocoon" again every {{Color|h|2}} turn(s), and "{{Extra Effect|Butterfly Soul|61000052}}" recovers {{Color|h|4}} attack count(s) after the first time enemy targets become Weakness Broken.
|mentions = Aquila; Kephale; Mnestia; Phagousa
}}
'''Cocoon Dressmaker''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Have you ever seen a garmentmaker of butterfly wings? Ever since the fall of Mnestia,<br />They have become rare to find.<br />Not all beings are as fortunate as the Mountain Dwellers,<br />Born with Kephale as their template.<br />The siren of Phagousa, the wondrous beast of Aquila,<br />And countless creations and Titankins yearning for rebirth,<br />Had once received the guidance of the Gilded One.<br />Just like Mnestia,<br />They were wrapped within cocoons of golden threads,<br />And later, their souls were woven into humanoid forms.<br />The reasons are always frivolous, either love for a mortal<br />Or the desire to duel a hero in the arena.<br />Yet war ultimately destroyed it all. Unable to betray its creator,<br />My beloved shed its shell at dawn and fluttered those enchanting wings.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cocoon Dressmaker
|zhs  = 蛹衣匠人
|zht  = 蛹衣匠人
|ja   = {{Rubi|蛹殻|ようかく}}の{{Rubi|職人|しょくにん}}
|ko   = 고치를 두른 장인
|es   = Sastre de crisálidas
|fr   = Fabricant de chrysalides
|ru   = Швея кокона
|th   = ขุมช่างตัดเสื้อ
|vi   = Thợ May Áo Kén
|de   = Kokonhülle-Macher
|id   = Cocoon Dressmaker
|pt   = Costureira de Casulos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}