<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Flame-Chase Alliance#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Harmony*6
|path2    = Destruction*4
|effect   = When enemy targets take Break DMG, they additionally take {{Color|h|3}} instance(s) of DMG equal to {{Color|h|50%}} of "{{Extra Effect|Harmonize|61000053}}" max limit, and charge all allies with "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" equal to {{Color|h|25%}} of their respective Max HP. This effect can only be triggered 1 time per turn by enemy targets.
|mentions = Georios; Mnestia; Nikador; Zagreus
}}
'''Flame-Chase Alliance''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|You call those flame-chasing marauders heroes? Ridiculous.<br />They're nothing but zealots blindly following a deranged Empress, who indulges her fantasies under the guise of saving the world.<br />A horde of power-hungry, glory-obsessed lunatics, they only add fuel to the fire.<br />Has tearing the wings from the Chrysalis of Gold brought even a touch of beauty to this ugly world?<br />How many lives were consumed by the cracked earth after they took the Coreflame from the Pillar of Stone?<br />The calamity wrought by their flame-chasing is a disgrace greater than the Chrysos War.<br />Even the sins of Nikador and Zagreus pale in comparison to theirs.<br />Helioticus, how did you lose that eye of yours?<br />And what about my daughter &mdash; And the fathers, mothers, and children of everyone in this city?<br />How dare you sing praises for those who have not returned!}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Flame-Chase Alliance
|zhs  = 逐火同盟
|zht  = 逐火同盟
|ja   = {{Rubi|火追|ひお}}い{{Rubi|同盟|どうめい}}
|ko   = 불을 쫓는 동맹
|es   = Alianza buscallamas
|fr   = Alliance des Chasseurs de flammes
|ru   = Альянс Преследующих пламя
|th   = พันธมิตรล่าเปลวไฟ
|vi   = Đồng Minh Săn Đuổi Lửa
|de   = Flammenjagd-Allianz
|id   = Flame-Chase Alliance
|pt   = Aliança da Perseguição às Chamas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}