<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Growth-Ring Carver#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Nihility*6
|path2    = Remembrance*4
|effect   = When enemy targets become afflicted with Freeze or DoT status, there is a {{Color|h|150%}} base chance to Blast this effect to adjacent units. These effects are Blasted back to the original unit when no adjacent units are present. The same effect can only be Blasted 1 time per target per action. When one enemy target has Blasted effects a total of {{Color|h|15}} times or when defeated, deals Ice DMG equal to {{Color|h|2,000%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}} to that target and adjacent targets. Every stack of "{{Extra Effect|Obsession|61000049}}" allies possess increases this DMG by {{Color|h|1%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Growth-Ring Carver''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|I understand you detest the conduct of the Engravers, but please allow me to plead on their behalf.<br />Heroes set out with lofty aspirations, only to return to a world of desolation.<br />They witnessed friends consumed by tsunamis and monsters piercing the chests of their kin.<br />In their hearts, all that remains is helplessness and despair.<br />Trees record history through their rings, while Engravers etch the past out of empathy and aspiration.<br />In their stories, aging heroes never embarked on their expeditions.<br />Lost friends either returned or were merely on a long journey.<br />The collapsed city still stood, sheltering bewildered elders<br />And children speaking the language of their homeland.<br />Through lies, they craft a fleeting dream for heroes trapped in the past.<br />Absurd as it may seem, it is indispensable for this era.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Growth-Ring Carver
|zhs  = 年轮刻工
|zht  = 年輪刻工
|ja   = {{Rubi|年輪|ねんりん}}の{{Rubi|彫刻師|ちょうこくし}}
|ko   = 연륜 각인
|es   = Tallador de ciclos
|fr   = Artisan des anneaux de croissance
|ru   = Резчик годичных колец
|th   = ช่างสลักวงปี
|vi   = Người Khắc Vòng Tuổi
|de   = Schnitzer des Jahresrings
|id   = Growth-Ring Carver
|pt   = Escultor do Anel do Crescimento
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}