<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lazy Fingerjoint#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Harmony*6
|path2    = Nihility*4
|effect   = When an ally target breaks an enemy target's Weakness, afflict them with {{Color|h|20}} stack(s) of "{{Trait|Harmonize}}." After attacking Weakness Broken enemy targets, causes any DoT currently applied on it and "{{Trait|Harmonize}}" to immediately deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|24%}} of the original DMG.
|mentions = Zagreus
}}
'''Lazy Fingerjoint''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Even one as knowledgeable as you have likely never been to the decayed land of Cassacco.<br />There, people lie bedridden year-round, their fingers being the only agile part of their bodies.<br />With a finger's curl, fruit rolls through open windows to their bedsides.<br />A quick clap summons honey brews brought by a Thief's Hand.<br />Fruits are stolen from orchards up the mountain.<br />Honey brews are pilfered from neighbors' cellars.<br />A mystical well, said to bear Zagreus' blessing, never runs dry,<br />Pouring forth nectar and wheat in endless supply.<br />It's a grandiose lie so outlandish that even the boldest liar wouldn't dare to tell.<br />How blissful! You steal from me, I seize from you.<br />Life is effortless, never requiring one to step outside.<br />Cassacco has rotted through countless days and nights. There, even death<br />Requires no more than the snap of a finger.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lazy Fingerjoint
|zhs  = 怠惰指节
|zht  = 怠惰指節
|ja   = {{Rubi|怠惰|たいだ}}な{{Rubi|指|ゆび}}
|ko   = 게으른 손가락
|es   = Articulación inactiva
|fr   = Articulation de la paresse
|ru   = Ленивая фаланга
|th   = ข้อนิ้วที่เกียจคร้าน
|vi   = Khớp Ngón Tay Lười Biếng
|de   = Faules Fingergelenk
|id   = Lazy Fingerjoint
|pt   = Falange Preguiçosa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}