<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Oathkeeper#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Remembrance*6
|path2    = The Hunt*4
|effect   = After turn {{Color|h|12}} (counted as the cumulative number of turns taken by all allies) ends, action advances the first character in the lineup and their memosprite by 100%. For the next {{Color|h|1}} turn(s), grant them an extra turn at the end of the turn. After using an attack in this extra turn, deals Additional DMG equal to {{Color|h|600%}} of the attacker's ATK to the attacked target. Every stack of "{{Trait|Obsession}}" allies possess increases this DMG multiplier by {{Color|h|1%}} of the original multiplier.
|mentions = Talanton; Zagreus
}}
'''Oathkeeper''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Hush, the Oathkeepers of Talanton are coming.<br />May you have lived your life with integrity and never broken an oath,<br />Be it a deal with a workshop, an alliance with a neighboring land,<br />A promise to the Titans, or a miracle prayed for in a temple.<br />The believers of Talanton are everywhere. They are the wind,<br />The shadows, and the shattered stone tablets.<br />They defend all contracts of the world on behalf of the Titans.<br />With daggers, they slay kings who betray allies.<br />With an eagle's beak, they punish gamblers who deceive the Titans.<br />With a rose, they wounded even the cunning Zagreus.<br />Some claim the Oathkeepers are merely the priests' lies,<br />But that is because one cannot see them until one dies.<br />No matter how much you evade, they will always be waiting for you at the end.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Oathkeeper
|zhs  = 护誓者
|zht  = 護誓者
|ja   = {{Rubi|誓|ちか}}いの{{Rubi|守護者|しゅごしゃ}}
|ko   = 서약의 수호자
|es   = Guardián del juramento
|fr   = Gardien du serment
|ru   = Хранитель клятвы
|th   = ผู้รักษาคำสาบาน
|vi   = Người Bảo Vệ Lời Thề
|de   = Eidbewahrer
|id   = Oathkeeper
|pt   = Mantenedor de Promessas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}