<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tearless Garden#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Elation*6
|path2    = Harmony*4
|effect   = After ally targets launch a Follow-up ATK, ignore Weakness Type to additionally reduce {{Color|h|10}} Toughness. When ally targets Break enemy target Weakness, deals {{Color|h|2}} instance(s) of "{{Trait|Aftertaste}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|150%}} ATK to all enemy targets. Every point of Max Toughness the enemy target has increases this DMG multiplier by {{Color|h|1%}} of the original multiplier.
|mentions = Janus
}}
'''Tearless Garden''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|That's right, I'm the one tending this garden,<br />A utopia where only carefree people can settle, a place where no one sheds tears.<br />An isolated haven where the black tide and wars are thrown behind.<br />Why dwell on disasters a hundred years from now? Why fret over the troubles of future generations?<br />We conventionally forget everything about Amphoreus.<br />We sow seeds after a sound sleep,<br />And when weary, we find a stone to sit on and chat.<br />The remaining blessing of the Gate of Infinity protects its ramparts.<br />And as long as people remain attached to this land, it will not fall.<br />You say this is self-deception? But worry changes nothing.<br />So why not make the most of our good years, shed our last tears,<br />And gather by the bonfire to enjoy life's endless banquet?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tearless Garden
|zhs  = 无泪花园
|zht  = 無淚花園
|ja   = ティアレス・ガーデン
|ko   = 눈물 없는 화원
|es   = Jardín sin lágrimas
|fr   = Jardin sans larmes
|ru   = Бесслёзный сад
|th   = สวนดอกไม้ไร้น้ำตา
|vi   = Vườn Hoa Không Rơi Lệ
|de   = Garten ohne Tränen
|id   = Tearless Garden
|pt   = Jardim Sem Lágrimas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}