<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Theater Puppet Maker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Erudition*6
|path2    = Elation*4
|effect   = After the team uses a total of {{Color|h|6}} Ultimate(s) while not under the Overclock effect, gains Overclock: After attacking with an Ultimate, deals {{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|61000054}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|130%}} of the attacker's ATK {{Color|h|3}} time(s). After using an Ultimate, this status will end. The character in position 1 in the current team activates their Ultimate, Charges {{Extra Effect|Brain in a Vat|61000044}} to {{Color|h|200%}}, and uses Ultimate {{Color|h|4}} times before the status ends on them.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Theater Puppet Maker''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Do you come to watch the performance? What a shame, the puppeteer has already gone far.<br />The man had one arm assembled from wood and steel, with the upper arm<br />Still bearing scars upon scars.<br />He carried a divine jar that turned muddy water into clear springs<br />And a wooden bird that hovered in midair, allowing him to travel by flight.<br />Most impressive of all were the puppets that accompanied him,<br />One clad in a long robe, the other wielding a sword,<br />Claiming to be a court magician and a knight.<br />He repaired broken waterwheels and musical instruments, healed the ailments of the elderly,<br />Yet never accept a single coin.<br />He sat among the audience with us, though his gaze never fell on the puppets,<br />Only on the children laughing uproariously, until he departed on his wooden bird.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Theater Puppet Maker
|zhs  = 戏偶师
|zht  = 戲偶師
|ja   = {{Rubi|人形使|にんぎょうつか}}い
|ko   = 인형술사
|es   = Maestro titiritero
|fr   = Marionnettiste
|ru   = Создатель театральных кукол
|th   = ช่างทำหุ่นละคร
|vi   = Người Làm Rối
|de   = Puppenspieler
|id   = Theater Puppet Maker
|pt   = Mestre Titereiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}