<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Whispering Woods#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Nihility*6
|path2    = Erudition*4
|effect   = After ally targets use Ultimates {{Color|h|5}} time(s) in total, "{{Extra Effect|Murmur|61000050}}" deals DMG equal to {{Color|h|60%}} of the original DMG multiplier to adjacent targets. DMG dealt by "{{Extra Effect|Murmur|61000050}}" then additionally increases by {{Color|h|2%}} every time an Ultimate is used.
|mentions = Cerces
}}
'''Whispering Woods''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Please listen to our story. A story about the last scholars of Vitus.<br />Do not mock us for our cowardice, for before we fled, we too raised our weapons.<br />But our mentor fell in a pool of blood over a scroll.<br />Our brothers perished defending the city gates, their bodies never found.<br />Don't look at us that way. It happened even before the black tide came.<br />What's the difference? The black tide, the conflicts, and the city-states of the Era Chrysea.<br />Extinct civilizations took stories with them, but knowledge endures.<br />We swallowed the whispered words of Cerces.<br />Our bones transformed into trees, our flesh into new leaves.<br />The wisdom once nurtured by Vitus all bore fruit on our branches.<br />Pick this seed and let it sprout somewhere far away.<br />A thousand years from now, scholars will still uncover the proofs we have left behind.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Whispering Woods
|zhs  = 垂语森林
|zht  = 垂語森林
|ja   = {{Rubi|教示|きょうじ}}の{{Rubi|森|もり}}
|ko   = 교훈의 숲
|es   = Bosque susurrante
|fr   = Bois des murmures
|ru   = Шепчущий лес
|th   = ผืนป่าเสียงกระซิบ
|vi   = Rừng Sâu Thì Thầm
|de   = Flüsterwald
|id   = Whispering Woods
|pt   = Bosque dos Sussurros
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}