<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wounds of Plenty#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Elation*6
|path2    = The Hunt*4
|effect   = "Maddening Voice" appears in the Action Order: After any ally target launches a Follow-up ATK, advances their action by {{Color|h|5%}}. When taking action, action advances the first ally target in the lineup by {{Color|h|100%}}. After that unit uses an attack, deals {{Color|h|10}} instances(s) of "{{Trait|Aftertaste}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|30%}} of the ally target's ATK, and up to {{Color|h|4}} instances of attacks can take effect. Moreover, all ally targets' "{{Trait|Aftertaste}}" DMG dealt multiplier increases by {{Color|h|100%}} of the original multiplier, and a countdown with {{Color|h|150}} SPD will appear in the Action Order. Effects will last until the countdown's turn begins.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Wounds of Plenty''' is a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|You came too late. The blade of revenge has already carved out the heart of this king.<br />He strummed the melody of the sea, leaving the guards intoxicated in the wind.<br />The maidservants dreamed of boundless riches and indulged themselves in the game of scarf competition.<br />Even though I clutched my sword as I slept, I could not resist the frenzy in my heart.<br />He appeared before me just like this, with a crowd of revelers following behind.<br />The jesters clinked their goblets, as if celebrating my execution.<br />I offered no resistance and drank the honey brew he gifted me.<br />How I wished it had been a cup of poison, so I would not have to feel<br />The cold blade as it claimed my life.<br />Alas, the dirge played for me was utterly dull,<br />Far less enchanting than the melodies Lady Hysilens played before the expedition began.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wounds of Plenty
|zhs  = 满溢之伤
|zht  = 滿溢之傷
|ja   = {{Rubi|耐|た}}えられぬ{{Rubi|傷|きず}}
|ko   = 충만의 상처
|es   = Herida de la profusión
|fr   = Blessure d'abondance
|ru   = Раны изобилия
|th   = บาดแผลท่วมท้น
|vi   = Vết Thương Chi Chít
|de   = Wunden der Fülle
|id   = Wounds of Plenty
|pt   = Feridas Infindas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}