{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Cheating Code (I)
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Occurrence
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Cheating Code (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome to the city of St. Domingo! We sell Cheating Codes here." The mechanical attendant explains without a care in the world. "The kind you were definitely crazy about when you were little. What we have is slightly different, as they are the St. Domingo version."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Use it any way you want. Just make sure you don't get caught by the mechacops," it giggles.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take 100 Cosmic Fragments. &mdash; No risk.
:;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You try it out briefly.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Obtain 2 random Curio(s). &mdash; Some risk.
:;(Obtain 2 random Normal Curios)
:;(Significantly increases<!--weight=300--> the chance of encountering [[Cheating Code (I)]])
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You are careful with it.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Want both Cosmic Fragments and Curios. &mdash; The old gambler appears.
:;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Obtain 2 random Normal Curios)
:;(Greatly increases<!--weight=1000--> the chance of encountering [[Cheating Code (I)]])
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You make a bold gamble! Who knows what will happen next?
:{{DIcon|Star}} You don't need it. &mdash; This game cannot be started.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Cheating Code (I)
|zhs   = 作弊代码（其一）
|zht   = 作弊程式碼（其一）
|ja    = チートコード（その1）
|ko    = 치트 코드 (1)
|es    = Código de trampa (I)
|fr    = Code de triche (I)
|ru    = Читерский код I
|th    = รหัสฉ้อโกง (1)
|vi    = Mã Cheat 1
|de    = Cheat-Code (Teil 1)
|id    = Kode Cheat (1)
|pt    = Código de Trapaça (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
