<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ruan Mei#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 10005
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/HoshinoKami/HoshinoKami_Herta2.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Ruan Mei''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Unknowable Domain]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Cause mischief for Polka.
|result_1 = You'll love these rewards.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You catch a whiff of a familiar confectionery scent adorned with Startled Deer flowers. She is idly standing in the simulated lab as if she knew from the beginning that you would pass by here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So the surprise is here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're finally here.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' It is rare for you to see Ruan Mei without a smile curled at the corners of her lips, "It appears that you've found a terrifying dance partner for the Simulated Universe."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' She nibbles on the cake slowly, "But even the Lord of Silence won't guess that a minuscule slice is hiding in the system's root."
:'''Herta:''' "..."
:'''Herta:''' "I thought you weren't coming."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "I've always been concerned about affairs involving you two." Ruan Mei's fingers rest on the lab bench, their subtle vibrations heralding the advent of a hurricane. She leisurely opens the window, admiring the furious gales raiding near.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Screwllum asked me to send you a message: The {{Rubi|bait|core}} has been laid, and we're just waiting for the prey to bite. I trust you all comprehend this obscure metaphor."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Before leaving, I will give you all something quite powerful, just like how I usually do."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Cause mischief for Polka. &mdash; You'll love these rewards.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Good luck." Ruan Mei transports you all out of the section, disappearing the second before "Death" arrives.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ruan Mei
|zhs  = 阮•梅
|zht  = 阮•梅
|ja   = ルアン・メェイ
|ko   = 완•매
|es   = Ruan Mei
|fr   = Ruan Mei
|ru   = Жуань Мэй
|th   = Ruan Mei
|vi   = Ruan Mei
|de   = Ruan Mei
|id   = Ruan Mei
|pt   = Ruan Mei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}