{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 137-0
|image         = Random Event undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Ruan Mei;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 137-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Nous:''' Their radiance pierces through your body like icy beams without warning. As they gaze into the vast universe, you find yourself unable to touch any of the roots within their calculations. A verdict is given: This is the third moment, and #27 Rubert is dead.
:'''Nous:''' ...Did they already foresee this on the day he gazed at Rubert?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it possible to stop it from happening?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' No.
:'''The Enigmata:''' All of a sudden, they arrive, intending to shatter the concept of moments. The iridescent radiance is gnawing at your senses like dancing stardust, but you understand that everything is certain &mdash; this is their third moment, and #27 Rubert is dead.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it possible to stop it from happening?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' No.
:'''The Equilibrium:''' Next, you sense their presence. With their ancient *dominance*, they make things right with utmost precision and no deviation, only slightly affecting the *angle* at which the robot's chest is incised with a scalpel. You understand that this is their third moment, and #27 Rubert is dead.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it possible to stop it from happening?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' No.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Here it is, Rubert the emperor. You look up at the gargantuan figure, whose ankle is nearby. Yet, its melancholic and biting cold aura prevents you from coming any closer. Amid the frigid mist, the metal emits a glow that cannot be obscured even by war. You look into its eyes...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In an instant, you see everything in the world dissipate. The world awakens, sleeps, revives, and then collapses. Everything occurs as if fated and cannot be reversed. When the last speckle of dust falls on the ground, it signals the end of the third moment.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' [[Ruan Mei]] is silent, but you can discern a mysterious hint of delight in her eyes... She is relishing this faint sense of *excitement*.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Some data has stopped running," she says. "Everything is nothing but particles that congregate and then dissipate. Only the universe can remain ancient forever."
:'''Screwllum:''' "And their gazes are timeless," [[Screwllum]] remarks.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = undefined
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
