{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The Cremators
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Fuli
}}
'''The Cremators''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It is quiet and peaceful inside the cave. The groups of insects jumping in the air look like colorful stars in the sky. A lady with a gray-matter-esque complexion is sleeping in the cave with Noblesse Worms crawling at her feet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' When she opens her eyes and sees you, a colorful flame instantly materializes next to her, spreads along the wall, and soon reaches your feet. You're surrounded by fire in an instant.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Waves of memories gush into your mind, overloading your psyche. You recall the afternoon when you counted with your fingers for the first time in your life, and the first time you saw space ants walking in a straight line. Why do you remember these?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Please stop asking.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are charming.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are missing the country of gray matter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Remembering the trash makes you feel alive." You catch her letting out an icy snort. "Worship {{Rubi| [[Fuli]] |the Aeon of Remembrance}}, and we will burn your dull memories." She says.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give everything to "them." &mdash; Discard a 1-2 star Blessing and obtain a 1-3 star Blessing.
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing in exchange for a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Bear ten carats of trash. &mdash; Obtain 80 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 80 Cosmic Fragments)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = The Cremators
|zhs   = 焚化工
|zht   = 焚化工
|ja    = 焼却人
|ko    = 소각공
|es    = Incineradores
|fr    = Les Crémateurs
|ru    = Крематоры
|th    = The Cremator
|vi    = Người Hỏa Táng
|de    = Die Krematoren
|id    = The Cremator
|pt    = Os Cremadores
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
