{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Express of the Nameless makes a stop at Budley with an abundance of gifts in its rear carriage. A traveler wearing a felt hat is leaning against the front of the carriage. His clothes are tattered and his boots mud-stained.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' He approaches and waves at you. "Akivili had an adventure with us under the guise of a civilian. We exchanged a lot of fun experiences during the journey."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Blessing Reforge &mdash; Discard a 3-star Blessing, and obtain a 3-star Blessing.
:;(Discard a 3-star Blessing(s) in exchange for a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Blessing Exchange &mdash; Discard 1 Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity, and obtain 1 Blessing of 1- to 3-star rarity.
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing(s) in exchange for a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave &mdash; You're not interested.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Exchange your memories.|Discard a 3-star Blessing and obtain three random 2-star Blessings.}}
:;(Discard a 3-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Throw out your story! Then loot the "Fun Experiences" from the car.|Discard 1 Blessing of The Hunt and Enhance up to 4 random Blessing(s) of The Hunt.}}
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing of The Hunt)
:;(Enhance 4 random 1-3 star Blessings of The Hunt)
{{Dialogue End}}