<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Masquerade Duet#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2021803
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Masquerade Duet.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = The Interpretation of Dreams (Companion Mission Chapter)
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Masquerade Duet]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dr. Edward; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Stellar Jade*100; Traveler's Guide*6; Starfire Essence*3; Celestial Section*3; "Challenge to the Reader"*1 { text = "Challenge to the Reader" }; Credit*60,000
}}
'''''Masquerade Duet''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[The Interpretation of Dreams (Companion Mission Chapter)|The Interpretation of Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Dr. Edward

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Dr. Edward{{subst:void|<!--202180301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Golden Hour|This wonderful dream has finally come to an end. Dr. Edward would like to hear your thoughts &mdash; go and talk with him. Oh, don't forget what Black Swan told you at the start: "The nature of this memory is special. Don't ruin the dreamscape experience for anyone else by spoiling the ending."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Dr. Edward
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 101.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Trailblazers from the Astral Express &mdash; Welcome to Dreamscape Sales Store!
:Is that usually how you welcome customers?
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 102.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Please excuse me. I struggle to think of an appropriate way of addressing such esteemed guests as yourselves.
:Long time no see, ol' big eye.
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 103.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Long time no see, diamond in the rough.
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 104.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' You must be here to experience those dream bubbles. I've already made the necessary preparations. Be careful, though &mdash; we did pass the safety inspections stipulated by "Article 027-Damaged Faris" and "Article 076-Real Wasteland..."
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 105.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' ...However, this dreamscape will feature unfiltered and unpolished fresh memories. It will make for a very vivid experience.
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 106.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Veteran gamers call this type of dream a "thrill-dream" &mdash; I don't know if you're into that kind of thing? If you feel any discomfort, please leave the dreamscape immediately and seek professional medical help.
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 107.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' ...Luckily, I just so happen to be an excellent doctor, albeit a psychiatric one, haha! Let us begin. Please close your eyes, and rest your forehead on the dream bubble.
:(Touch the dream bubble)
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 108.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Oh yes, I nearly forgot &mdash; that elegant girl mentioned something before she left&mdash;
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo blackswan 101.ogg}} '''???:''' "The nature of this memory is special. Don't ruin the dreamscape experience for anyone else by spoiling the ending."
:I'm not so sure about this...
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 109.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' If you need time to prepare, we can humbly wait as long as you need.
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 110.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Are you ready to experience Miss Black Swan's dreamscape? Please close your eyes, and rest your forehead on the dream bubble.
:(Touch the dream bubble)
:Hang on a second...
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 111.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' If you need time to prepare, we can humbly wait as long as you need.
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 115.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' That's the end of Miss Black Swan's dream bubble. Are you satisfied with your experience?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How fascinating.
::{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 116.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' I also found this dream suitably fascinating. You've gained joy from it. And Miss Black Swan surely also feels gratified, yes?
::{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 117.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' If we meet again, I will pass your esteemed praise on to her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How boring.
::{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 118.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' I understand. The dreamscape is inherently different for everyone, so inevitably there are some people who it won't suit.
::{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 119.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' But, I also think Miss Black Swan must have her own reason for holding on to this dream bubble. And as an outsider, that is not my place to judge.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was kinda easy.
::{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 120.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' Sure enough, those puzzles are going to be easy for a Trailblazer with the vast experience that you have.
::{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 121.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' But I'm afraid that Miss Sparkle would argue: "We're Masked Fools, not Masked Geniuses!" ...haha.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo turned out to be...
:{{A|VO side3 huahuo edward 122.ogg}} '''Dr. Edward:''' I noticed that the people in your dream were familiar to you. It's worth repeating that dreams are just dreams, and in Penacony dreams can be processed or even tampered with.
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1304100,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1304100
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Masquerade Duet
|zhs  = 假面双人舞
|zht  = 假面雙人舞
|ja   = 仮面幻想曲
|ko   = 가면의 듀엣
|es   = Dueto enmascarado
|fr   = Mascarade à deux
|ru   = Вальс на маскараде
|th   = คู่เต้นรำสวมหน้ากาก
|vi   = Vũ Điệu Mặt Nạ Đôi
|de   = Maskerade im Duett
|id   = Tarian Topeng Duet
|pt   = Dueto Mascarado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
