{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Intelligentsia Guild
|image         = Random Event 8.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Abnormal
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Dr. Ratio;Nous
}}
'''Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Intelligentsia Guild''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome to the Cogito Hair Salon of the Mechanical City!" Charon ties up their hair and taps twice on the bar table with their knuckles. "We can adjust 'Intra-Cognition' here. You can become whatever you want to be, no? Oh, just look at that doctor next to you."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You size up the new *guest* beside you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Dr. No.5 is enjoying Charon's hair-cutting service so much that he does not even realize Charon is cutting his beard. He speaks confidently, "Do you know how to improve the extent of your knowledge?"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The Intelligentsia Guild engages in discussions regarding the Genius Society from time to time, during which I often present arguments to prove myself to be a genius. Through experiments, I've blended good and evil into one to show that I'm compatible with both." Says the doctor. "Even better, I've also tried separating them using a potion! Which of the two would you choose?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I choose "Good." &mdash; Increase Intra-Cognition by 20.
:;(Increase Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "That's right. After the experiment succeeded, my good self took over my body." He guffaws, "Through such a deranged pursuit of knowledge, we can reach a more liberated and higher-dimensional consciousness!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "One day, [[Nous]] will notice me!" He continues as if hysterical, "But [[Dr. Ratio]] thinks I'm an idiot &mdash; he sees everybody that way! If you ever meet him, remember to make your choice. No, no, no... You'd better make the choice right now!"
::{{DIcon|Star}} Agree with Dr. No.5. &mdash; Obtain 1 cheat chance(s).
::;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
::{{DIcon|Star}} Agree with Dr. Ratio. &mdash; Obtain 1 point(s) in the countdown.
::;(Obtain 1 point in the countdown)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You watch the doctor constantly shift between two states and ultimately kill himself in despair and frustration. He has transformed into a *mechanical spinning top* in the spiral between polar opposites, and his conflicted life ends in an eternal spin between his two facets.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Remember, if you ever meet Dr. Ratio... you must first tell him who is the true *idiot*!" He speaks his last word.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I choose "Evil." &mdash; Decrease Intra-Cognition by 20.
:;(Decrease Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Well, it doesn't matter. After the experiment succeeded, my evil self took over my body." He guffaws, "Through such a deranged pursuit of knowledge, we can reach a more liberated and higher-dimensional consciousness!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "One day, Nous will notice me!" He continues as if hysterical, "But Dr. Ratio thinks I'm an idiot &mdash; he sees everybody that way! If you ever meet him, remember to make your choice. No, no, no... You'd better make the choice right now!"
::{{DIcon|Star}} Agree with Dr. No.5. &mdash; Obtain 1 cheat chance(s).
::;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
::{{DIcon|Star}} Agree with Dr. Ratio. &mdash; Obtain 1 point(s) in the countdown.
::;(Obtain 1 point in the countdown)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You watch the doctor constantly shift between two states and ultimately kill himself in despair and frustration. He has transformed into a *mechanical spinning top* in the spiral between polar opposites, and his conflicted life ends in an eternal spin between his two facets.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Remember, if you ever meet Dr. Ratio... you must first tell him who is the true *idiot*!" He speaks his last word.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Intelligentsia Guild
|zhs  = 机械城「认知理发馆」-&nbsp;博识学会
|zht  = 機械城「認知理髮館」-&nbsp;博識學會
|ja   = {{Rubi|機械城|きかいじょう}}「{{Rubi|認識理容所|にんしきりようしょ}}」-{{Rubi|博識学会|はくしきがっかい}}
|ko   = 기계 도시 「인지 미용실」 - 지식학회
|es   = Peluquería cognitiva de Ciudad Mecánica - Sociedad del Conocimiento
|fr   = Mechacité «&nbsp;Salon de coiffure Cogito&nbsp;» &mdash; Guilde de l'intelligentsia
|ru   = Салон «Сознание» Машинограда - Гильдия эрудитов
|th   = เมืองจักรกล "ร้านทำผม Cogito" - สถาบันแห่งปัญญา
|vi   = Thành Phố Máy Móc "Salon Tóc Nhận Thức" - Hội Trí Thức
|de   = Mechanische Stadt: „Frisörsalon Cogito“ – Intelligenzia-Gilde
|id   = Kota Mekanik : "Cogito Hair Salon" - Intelligentsia Guild
|pt   = Cidade Mecânica "Salão de Cabeleireiro Cogito" - Guilda de Intelectuais
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
