{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are in Hall No. 5 of the Sigma Galaxy United Theater. You find it hard to believe that you're sitting among a group of well-dressed and sophisticated ladies and gentlemen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You feel a buzz of anticipation for the show behind the red velvet curtains. You start picturing the Salsotto Troupe's cosmic princess, whose dress has a hem wide enough to cover the entire stage.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Or it might be a scientific installation performance, the favorite of the old folks from the Jacobin School of Mathematics and Science. The Pronto Expert System, an AI device, is used to calculate the plot of the play.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Or, to be more mighty, the Sigma Maiden's unplugged accompaniment. That eternal "Maiden" is a man whose figure contains the Golden Ratio. His coiled posture when lifting the Sun is forever etched in the memory of the entire world.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Soon, the curtains are drawn. On the stage stands a lady with slimy blue skin. She lifts her hand and starts to sing with a synthesized coloratura.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You puff your chest out and try to move your tense muscles, but you find yourself unable to move &mdash; You feel something cold pressed against the side of your waist. Yes... you're very sure... that it is a gun.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We've changed the program. The era of Akivili has ended, and classical arts are dead. Nowadays, action movies are the crowd-pleasers. Tell me your choice." A man's voice says.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll join you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please let me go.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Um, that's not what I meant." The man sounds bewildered. He licks his lips and continues. "I wanted to ask whether you prefer musicals or action movies."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Musical. &mdash; Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Elation.
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Elation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A potion is injected into your lumbar spine, and a joy of universal harmony and unity shoots through your cerebral fluid. As the Silvia Spirits encircle you and start singing a hymn, you sway your body along with the music.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Action. &mdash; Obtain a 2-star Blessing of The Hunt.
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of The Hunt)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A potion is injected into your lumbar spine, and steel weapons and blazing bullets jet through your cerebral fluid. The art of explosion is spectacular. You breathe in the chemical exhaust gas, feeling refreshed.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Please let me live. &mdash; All characters restore HP equal to 100% of their respective max HP.
:;(Immediately recovers 100% Max HP, 0% Energy, and 0 Technique Points)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "You've... got the wrong idea." There is urgency in his voice. "You're watching an interactive play. This is a part of the show."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A potion is injected into your lumbar spine, and a joy of universal harmony and unity shoots through your cerebral fluid. Countless steel weapons and blazing bullets flying through your psyche.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Watch the secret flick, ''A Moment''.|Enhance 3 random Blessings of The Hunt.}}
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings of The Hunt)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Watch the secret flick, ''Life''.|Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of Abundance of 2-star rarity.}}
:;(Repeat 2 times)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Abundance)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This is an interactive play. This is a part of the show. We hope to perceive the modernity of art through it &mdash; to break the fourth wall. I don't have a lot of experience with this job yet. I'm very sorry."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We're sorry for providing an overly realistic experience for you. The interactive part has now ended. Please continue enjoying the show."
{{Dialogue End}}