{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Outside the city of Icatus, a warrior clad in heavy armor laughs heartily amidst a crowd. He brandishes the weapon in his hand, proclaiming himself kin of Georios.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This here spear once pierced the chest of a sea monster, that servant of Phagousa with two hearts and nine heads. Were it not for the Titans' blessing upon me, I would never have escaped its maw alive."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Yet the chorus of praise fails to sate his vanity, and a murmur of doubts arises from the crowd. His eyes dart about restlessly, anxiously seeking a challenger to prove his strength. And then, your eyes meet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The man winks at you, as if hinting to you to strike a private deal.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Ignore insinuations and engage in a fair duel. &mdash; After achieving victory in battle, obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The man shakingly raises his spear, like a startled hedgehog.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the bribe and hold back in the duel. &mdash; After achieving victory in battle, additionally obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments. Enemies will have extra help
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You pay no heed to the man's request for reinforcements &mdash; who says that Georios' blessing can't be "strength in numbers"?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Nuh-uh, needs more money. &mdash; After achieving victory in battle, additionally obtain 1 Equation(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity. Enemies will have super-strong help
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your knee is hit by an arrow called wealth.
{{Dialogue End}}