<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Faux-Kin#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25101
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_34.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 134
}}
'''Faux-Kin''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Ignore insinuations and engage in a fair duel.
|result_1 = After achieving victory in battle, obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity

|choice_2 = Accept the bribe and hold back in the duel.
|result_2 = After achieving victory in battle, additionally obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments. Enemies will have extra help

|choice_3 = Nuh-uh, needs more money.
|result_3 = After achieving victory in battle, additionally obtain 1 Equation(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity. Enemies will have super-strong help

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Outside the city of Icatus, a warrior clad in heavy armor laughs heartily amidst a crowd. He brandishes the weapon in his hand, proclaiming himself kin of Georios.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This here spear once pierced the chest of a sea monster, that servant of Phagousa with two hearts and nine heads. Were it not for the Titans' blessing upon me, I would never have escaped its maw alive."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Yet the chorus of praise fails to sate his vanity, and a murmur of doubts arises from the crowd. His eyes dart about restlessly, anxiously seeking a challenger to prove his strength. And then, your eyes meet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The man winks at you, as if hinting to you to strike a private deal.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Ignore insinuations and engage in a fair duel. &mdash; After achieving victory in battle, obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The man shakingly raises his spear, like a startled hedgehog.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the bribe and hold back in the duel. &mdash; After achieving victory in battle, additionally obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments. Enemies will have extra help
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You pay no heed to the man's request for reinforcements &mdash; who says that Georios' blessing can't be "strength in numbers"?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Nuh-uh, needs more money. &mdash; After achieving victory in battle, additionally obtain 1 Equation(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity. Enemies will have super-strong help
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your knee is hit by an arrow called wealth.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Faux-Kin
|zhs  = 冒牌眷属
|zht  = 冒牌眷屬
|ja   = {{Rubi|偽|いつわ}}りの{{Rubi|眷属|けんぞく}}
|ko   = 가짜 권속
|es   = Deudo impostor
|fr   = Faux-semblants
|ru   = Фальшивый отпрыск
|th   = บริวารตัวปลอม
|vi   = Thân Quyến Giả Mạo
|de   = Falsches Titanenwesen
|id   = Kerabat Titan Palsu
|pt   = Familiar Impostor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}