{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass by a habitat filled by a massive Swarm. A giant Lord of Eternal Slumber is sleeping soundly on a putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Lord of Eternal Slumber has both its eyes closed. It seems to be lost in its dreams.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You check the map in your hand... and find that your way ahead is blocked! As you are about to take a detour, you notice some newly born *spores* gathering around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. A daring idea blossoms in your mind...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Make a detour. &mdash; Shhh... Stay absolutely quiet.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' In the end, you still decide to take a detour... You steady your breath and fix your gaze on the path ahead. Yet, you overlook the ground and step on some gravel accidentally.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Anxiously, you glance back at the Lord of Eternal Slumber... It remains asleep.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take "spore." &mdash; Enter battle with the Swarm. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) and 1 Curio(s).
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Propagation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You put all the spores into your limitless backpack, feeling lucky to have stumbled upon the precious research samples.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Suddenly, you feel as though countless concealed eyes are gazing at you from the darkness! As numerous sharp appendages manage to locate you by following the vibrations, the hungry Swarm larvae surround you completely.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Offer your spore sacks to the lord. &mdash; Lose Curio: Insect Web and gain 3 random Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You put all the spores into your limitless backpack, feeling lucky to have stumbled upon the precious research samples.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Suddenly, you feel as though countless concealed eyes are gazing at you from the darkness! As numerous sharp appendages manage to locate you by following the vibrations, the hungry Swarm larvae surround you completely.
{{Dialogue End}}