{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Broadened Cognition: Universe's Throne (II)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 9.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Broadened Cognition: Universe's Throne (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' By the time the Emperor's War broke out, De Wayne's power had already been well-established on Cyprogo. The {{Color|Keyword|mechanical overlords}} started eliminating the organic lives on the planet. The war machines traversed through cities, demolishing skyscrapers effortlessly with their massive feet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' However, there were still more remote areas that remained untouched by these events. The people there were blissfully unaware of what was happening in the distance, continuing to live simplistic and peaceful lives. Just like at this very moment, a laborer couple are sharing the same bowl of starflower fried rice. When a starflower slips off the bowl, the husband bends down to pick it up with a mechanical clamp. He prays every day for his wife to not ask, but she does anyway.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Do you hate people who are unable to love?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I hate them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I don't hate them... as I'm one of them.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We are *machines*. We have no love," the husband answered.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Alright. There's laundry in the washing machine. Please take them out to dry," the wife replied.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' They never touched on the topic again later. When the {{Color|Keyword|Anti-Organic Equation}} was activated afterward, the husband was killed by his mechanical wife.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As such, De Wayne's subordinates concluded that even machinery that had been given the human appearance and had bonded with organic lives for a long time could join the war under the calculations of the Anti-Organic Equation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' They made another shocking discovery shortly after that. The Anti-Organic Equation was also found by De Wayne's subordinates in some of the organic lives who came here from fringe planets to plunder resources. The equation was a simulation that did not follow thoughts but altered them.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Broadened Cognition: Universe's Throne (II)
|zhs   = 认知拓宽：「宇宙王座」•其二
|zht   = 認知拓寬：「宇宙王座」•其二
|ja    = 認識拡張：「宇宙の玉座」・その2
|ko    = 인지 확대: 「우주의 왕좌」•2
|es    = Expansión perceptiva: trono del universo II
|fr    = Élévation de la conscience : Trône de l'univers (II)
|ru    = Расширение сознания: Вселенский трон II
|th    = ขยายการรับรู้: "บัลลังก์จักรวาล" (2)
|vi    = Mở Rộng Tri Thức: Ngai Vàng Vũ Trụ 2
|de    = Kognitive Erweiterung: Thron des Universums (II)
|id    = Ekspansi Kognitif: "Takhta Kosmis" (2)
|pt    = Expansão Cognitiva: Trono do Universo (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
