<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Flea Market#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 23501
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Ceremony.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 119
}}
'''Flea Market''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Describe a colorful journey.

|choice_1_1 = Bounty Hunter of the Snow Plains.
|result_1_1 = Lose 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity and obtain 3 Blessing(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity.

|choice_1_2 = An Aha Stuffed Toy asking to be hit.
|result_1_2 = Lose 1 Blessing(s) of 2-star rarity and obtain 4 destructible Curio(s).

|choice_1_3 = The library's History Fictionologist.
|result_1_3 = Lose 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity and obtain 4 random Blessing(s) needed by Equations.

|choice_2 = Describe a wondrous adventure.

|choice_2_1 = A primordial, bloodthirsty beast.
|result_2_1 = Lose 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity and obtain 500 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_2_2 = A cooking Lordly Trashcan.
|result_2_2 = Lose 1 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity and obtain 4 random 1- to 3-star Blessing(s)

|choice_2_3 = A game of Rock, Paper, Scissors with the calculator.
|result_2_3 = Lose 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity and obtain 4 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity

|choice_3 = Describe a simple life.

|choice_3_1 = Last night's dream.
|result_3_1 = Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 3 Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity

|choice_3_2 = Pom-Pom's tail.
|result_3_2 = Lose 150 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 3 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity

|choice_3_3 = Himeko's coffee.
|result_3_3 = Lose 400 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 Equation(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity.

|choice_4 = Recount your empty past.
|result_4 = Obtain 4,000 Cosmic Fragments, 40 random Blessing(s), and 20 random Curio(s).
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself in a shattered memory bubble as the once-an-Amber Era galactic flea market reaches its peak period. Here, you don't even need to project a holographic goods shelf or use credits. If you see something you like, you can simply swap goods for other goods.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Countless ships, their shadows numerous enough to cover the sky, don't even have a chance to dock before they find themselves under new ownership. The habitual ascetics, the Bretadens, also find themselves scouring every surface of their bodies for things that they could possibly trade.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You come across a bearded poet that shows you an ancient pouch stuffed full of the cosmos' memories.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "A story. Please tell me a story. Fact or fiction is fine." Says the poet. "Then, I shall take your verses, and you shall receive my song."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Describe a colorful journey. &mdash; Submit Blessings.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Deals are mutually beneficial. The higher the price you pay, the more you should expect to receive. The poet looks at you with excitement, awaiting the story you will share.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Bounty Hunter of the Snow Plains. &mdash; Lose 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity and obtain 3 Blessing(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity.
::{{DIcon|Star}} An Aha Stuffed Toy asking to be hit. &mdash; Lose 1 Blessing(s) of 2-star rarity and obtain 4 destructible Curio(s).
::{{DIcon|Star}} The library's History Fictionologist. &mdash; Lose 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity and obtain 4 random Blessing(s) needed by Equations.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Describe a wondrous adventure. &mdash; Submit Curios.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Deals are mutually beneficial. The higher the price you pay, the more you should expect to receive. The poet looks at you with excitement, awaiting the story you will share.
::{{DIcon|Star}} A primordial, bloodthirsty beast. &mdash; Lose 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity and obtain 500 Cosmic Fragments
::{{DIcon|Star}} A cooking Lordly Trashcan. &mdash; Lose 1 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity and obtain 4 random 1- to 3-star Blessing(s)
::{{DIcon|Star}} A game of Rock, Paper, Scissors with the calculator. &mdash; Lose 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity and obtain 4 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity
:{{DIcon|Star}} Describe a simple life. &mdash; Submit Cosmic Fragments.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Deals are mutually beneficial. The higher the price you pay, the more you should expect to receive. The poet looks at you with excitement, awaiting the story you will share.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Last night's dream. &mdash; Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 3 Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity
::{{DIcon|Star}} Pom-Pom's tail. &mdash; Lose 150 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 3 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity
::{{DIcon|Star}} Himeko's coffee. &mdash; Lose 400 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 Equation(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Recount your empty past. &mdash; Obtain 4,000 Cosmic Fragments, 40 random Blessing(s), and 20 random Curio(s).
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Deals are mutually beneficial. The higher the price you pay, the more you should expect to receive. The poet looks at you with excitement, awaiting the story you will share.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The poet slightly closes his eyes as you sink into a lonely ocean. The notes are the drops of water, the song is its flow and the story follows the rhythm of the waves into your chest.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You see a dance that never stops, actors weeping on a gondola, and a rain of diamonds falling from the sky. When the hustle and bustle returns to your world, the poet is nowhere to be seen. Just as he said, he had taken your verses.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Flea Market
|zhs  = 跳蚤市场
|zht  = 跳蚤市場
|ja   = {{Rubi|蚤|のみ}}の{{Rubi|市|いち}}
|ko   = 벼룩시장
|es   = Mercadillo
|fr   = Marché aux puces
|ru   = Блошиный рынок
|th   = ตลาดของมือสอง
|vi   = Chợ Phiên
|de   = Flohmarkt
|id   = Pasar Loak
|pt   = Mercado de Pulgas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}