{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 133-0
|image         = Random Event undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Nous;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 133-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Shh... You hear voices from two directions that pass through your skin into your body cavities. You are obviously strolling on the farthest planet along the frontier, basking in the universe's serenity, but some certain discomfort coils around you &mdash; you feel your stomach and shoulders start to feel heavy, as if some giant object is pressed down on you. Who has glimpsed you?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' And then, a sudden ray of fire pierces through you! It's a bullet!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' War! The premonition of war appears before your consciousness, everything engulfing everything! *Pain* is nothing compared to what you are feeling, for reality is far more complicated, contradictory than this. Yet you fail to find an objective, precise description &mdash; that is a luxury for a body that is about to be excruciatingly eviscerated.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You suddenly feel it: the scales have moved. Their gaze falls upon you, upon *everything*.
:'''The Equilibrium:''' They are obviously *One*, but They have split Themselves into *Two*. They wield control over both of Them, yet mold *Themselves* together.
:'''The Equilibrium:''' They watch over the balance of the worlds, but none can observe their existence. They slowly *embrace* themselves, *conjoin*, *displace*, *dissect*, and *dwindle*. They grasp themselves in their palm, until they melt. As they survey the stars, the tilted scales are being made whole...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Shh, you close your eyes. You know... your cognition has expanded once more, which is why you have come this far. Your mind is overworked, and your intellect has turned into a kingdom of fireworks and dancing lanterns exploding in your head. You think that you have *cognition* over all! Now, you just want to know more, much more...
:'''Nous:''' ...Monarch of Myriad Machines, [[Nous]], the moment of their calculations has arrived.
:'''Nous:''' Nous, floating across the cosmos, Their body is lined with circuits and indicator lights in scintillating splendor. Their red light blinks once, and the cosmos rings out in countless gunshots! Wailing mourns are silenced among bloodied sobs and pained dreams. What about you? You...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (...Me?)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are too late to ask them a question &mdash; you are dead. You know you are dead, for they have decided. No, they have decided nothing &mdash; it is merely a moment that everything *happened* based on their calculations. You know you have been dismembered, and lost "yourself". A wave of gunshots blaring all around, you crawl about... You shuffle to the left, picking up your own left eye.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Then, you shift to the right, picking up your right eye.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You know, this is the first moment calculated by Nous: Those pompous, conspiratorial masterminds who believe they control the universe, have done nothing but allow the universe to arrive at the first moment that Nous adjudged.
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "Err... Very sorry, I paused the Simulated Universe. I read the data, and this is the "{{Color|Keyword|Borderstar Trade War}}" recorded in an IPC file." Stephen Lloyd explains to you in a remorseful, kindly tone. But at the same time, he is touching your eye, playing with it like a leather ball. "I'm trying to find a way to prevent the Geniuses' and (Trailblazer)'s moments of death. Err... I'm truly sorry, but plugging in stuff that don't belong to this era is pretty troublesome. Maybe we shouldn't have traveled to such a faraway place... This doesn't abide by the rules."
:'''Herta:''' "That's the way the data model's supposed to be." [[Herta]] says dismissively. "It's no big deal. We already just died once, and it was fine. I've already reloaded the Simulated Universe's data. (Trailblazer), are you all right?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You also just *died*?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stephen, [[Ruan Mei]] and [[Screwllum]] also just *died*?
:'''Herta:''' "Yep." Herta says coolly. "It's not real anyway. It's just data being dissipated, and we just have to gather it again. War doesn't care about individual deaths... It's perfectly normal that we've all died once. Ha, but we can cheat death in the Simulated Universe! How useful is that?"
:'''Herta:''' "I think we should go, (Trailblazer)." Herta stops, waits for a while in pin-drop silence, then continues. "Their data is gone... That's how unstable extrapolation is. Shame, we missed a chance yet again to question him. But no matter, just get it right next time."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = undefined
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
