<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Repairman (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24001-1
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_24.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 007
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Repairman (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Unknowable Domain]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Add a few components.
|result_1 = Let waste be reborn as smiles.

|choice_2 = Add a bit of inspiration.
|result_2 = Spend 100 Cosmic Fragments to create more toys.

|choice_3 = Pour in a little joy.
|result_3 = Spend 400 Cosmic Fragments to create more toys.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You once again return to the repairman's workshop. As if he had a premonition of your arrival, he lays out a pile of parts neatly on the table as he excitedly hums a little tune.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "There's nothing in this world that has no value. There are only things with value that have not been discovered yet."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Military titles, weapons, funds, and research labs... Do so-called 'things of value' still have value when they take away joy? It took me many years to understand this."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Do you remember the scraps you left behind? I made them into new toys. Why don't you have a go? I believe you can do it." The old man pushes the parts to you with an expectant look in his eyes.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Add a few components. &mdash; Let waste be reborn as smiles.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Add a bit of inspiration. &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragments to create more toys.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pour in a little joy. &mdash; Spend 400 Cosmic Fragments to create more toys.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The discarded parts are combined into misshapen toys, yet you feel a smile controllably creeping up on the ends of your lips.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Repairman (II)
|zhs  = 修补匠（其二）
|zht  = 修補匠（其二）
|ja   = {{Rubi|修理職人|しゅうりしょくにん}}（その2）
|ko   = 수리공 (2)
|es   = Artesano remendón (II)
|fr   = Réparateur (II)
|ru   = Ремонтник II
|th   = ช่างซ่อมบำรุง (2)
|vi   = Thợ Sửa Chữa (II)
|de   = Reparateur (Teil 2)
|id   = Tukang Reparasi (2)
|pt   = Faz Tudo (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}