{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 112-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Unknown Event 112-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' "We seem to be making progress. Don't get overwhelmed." [[Herta]]'s voice comes through. Unlike her usual self, she speaks seriously and seems excited about what is going to unfold. "Can you hit yourself on your head and focus? Take a closer look - we've derived [[Tayzzyronth]]."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Tayzzyronth? Everything happens so fast that you aren't ready for the change. You look up, and a beam of light flashes across the sky all of a sudden...
:'''Tayzzyronth:''' A peculiar cry suddenly comes from somewhere, and you are certain it is the first suckling sound of an infant insect to the air. Along with it comes the melodic tone of red butterflies sucking honey from lilies. The saliva of different scents such as the scents of orange, blood, and tropical fruits is dripping, making you feel as though you were immersed in an ocean of soda.
:'''Tayzzyronth:''' You have a mild hallucination due to the ringing and chiming dust on butterfly wings that covers the sky. You find the Aeon surrounded by countless yellow butterflies, ants, meteor bugs, and hibernating insects of different sizes that are on the verge of falling. Amidst the illusion, they begin a continuous ascent to the sky... Their blood appears colorful, but you have no idea why they are bleeding...
:'''Tayzzyronth:''' A mind-blowing phenomenon unravels before you. The Aeon's trembling body curls up timidly, as countless new insect species emerge at the same time. They exchange pheromones, just like how flowers exchange for petals of different colors. Then, an entirely new species is born.
:'''Herta:''' "As expected, it's here. This is the most prosperous period of the Path of Propagation since the creation of the universe. Cherish it, as these will be gone for good after the Aeon falls." Herta speaks softly.
:'''Herta:''' "(Trailblazer), how would you feel if we stood observer to the repeating cycle where the Swarm is born, recedes, and resurges?" Herta suddenly chuckles, "It'd be quite a nice experience to watch the journey of the universe again and again."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = ???
|zhs   = ???
|zht   = ???
|ja    = ???
|ko    = ???
|es    = ???
|fr    = ???
|ru    = ???
|th    = ???
|vi    = ???
|de    = ???
|id    = ???
|pt    = ???
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
