{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 135-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Nous;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 135-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The blood vessels in your brain start to sprawl... You feel you are almost at your limit. You do not wish for your own cognition to continue expanding... Even as the receptacle of the Stellaron, you are unable to withstand anymore...
:'''Screwllum:''' "Affirmation: Prevention." [[Screwllum]] tries to adjust the data, but Stephen is way ahead of him.
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "I modified a string of code and lowered (Trailblazer)'s brain temperature." Stephen Lloyd peeks over the monitor. "Hey, are you all right, (Trailblazer)?"
:'''Herta:''' "You're all so concerned over (Trailblazer)." [[Herta]] makes a turn and seems relaxed. "Well done..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Before Herta can finish, the brief drop in temperature is overtaken by the overload of cognition. The images in your mind are uncontrollable... You reflexively try to shush them... but the images are getting more and more realistic, seemingly coming to life.
:'''The Enigmata:''' You can see it... when the Enigmata shrouds the universe, starlight scatters across the land. They draw hidden traces in the stars: That is a string of "Traces," a string of footprints of organic life. Tiny as they are, they walk on the path of the "Trailblaze", forming groups and embedding themselves into the Mechanical City.
:'''The Enigmata:''' In front of them, a huge machine sleeps. Its face is quiet, as tiny beings reach out their trembling hands: they are armed with gloves and gas masks, unable to comprehend the flow of the *abstract*, and can only feel its presence through touch...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It is broken, yet holds a solemn face. Its massive shell bears the marks of war, and the symbols on its back are far more tragic than the war itself. It is the Inorganic Legion's *Emperor*, or *Faith* itself! After it falls into a deep slumber, the Machine Empire also falls into ruin.
:'''Aha:''' A chuckle burrows into your mind. It's them &mdash; they, and the Enigmata who join in this bleak scenery. They are very happy, laughing maniacally. You can't help but think, what made them so happy &mdash; what exactly did they see?
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Seamless, like fate." [[Ruan Mei]]'s eyes widen in shock, her tone wavering. "The Second War began when a group of organic beings sparked the Anti-Organic Equation..."
:'''Herta:''' "The Second War? Has the First War even ended?" Herta mumbles, "The two are clearly connected. These guys have never let up."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You already know: After the war lasts for two Amber Eras, the second moment that [[Nous]] calculated will arrive.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' At that moment, you see: the #27 member of the Genius Society, Rubert the Emperor, rise from slumber. When it wakes, the dawn of the Machine Empire descends once more. Countless machines rise from the ashes. Their *wills* erupt, *souls* roaring. Even if they have no way of knowing whether the wills and souls belong to them... but, what is *self* to inorganic beings?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The moment the Emperor awakens, the inorganic lives implanted with the Anti-Organic Equation will be activated. There is no reason, and no compromise. No one has the right to ask: Why? Why does its awakening bring more eternal sleep? Why is he so *sacred*, yet wants to change the world through destruction? What has it been through? Has it ever pondered, just as organic life does?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Iron, rust, blood... These concepts rush into your mind. #27 Rubert, is this the lone path you have determined to travel since you became a Genius? The path ahead holds nothing but screams and howls. Some of the voices are filled with *happiness*, and others seem like *hell*. You can pretend they *do not exist*. As long as you pretend, the world is real...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As long as you pretend, the world is real...
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "I lowered (Trailblazer)'s temperature..." Stephen Lloyd decisively presses the exit button, then realizes. "Uh... I'm not sure... but at that moment just now, I feel we need to extract (Trailblazer)..."
:'''Herta:''' "Hmm." Herta sighs, "That's fine, as long as we save the data. There will be other opportunities. Thanks for the hard work, and rest well...(Trailblazer)."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
