* '''"Crimson Moon":''' <section begin="&quot;Crimson Moon&quot;" />The plaguemark that was devoured and passed down the generations by gladiators at the ceremony to determine the borisin's Warhead &mdash; A "heart" akin to a sanguineous full moon. "Consume the prey to grow stronger." This is the ultimate secret of the borisin's immortality, the fundamental reason for their enduring strength.<section end="&quot;Crimson Moon&quot;" />
* '''"Flying Aureus":''' <section begin="&quot;Flying Aureus&quot;" />The spirit granted by the Reignbow Arbiter, a beast of divine speed hidden within the flesh of "The Merlin's Claw" Feixiao.  The eyes of mortals cannot perceive it. Only in the fleeting moment when beings at death's door are briefly frozen in time can the gazes of mere humans witness its descent. For Feixiao, it is the arrow that guides her actions, the death that pursues and devours her life, and the prey she is chasing throughout her existence.<section end="&quot;Flying Aureus&quot;" />
* '''"Shush":''' <section begin="&quot;Shush&quot;" />The drink-mixing robot on the Astral Express, who fancies itself witty and humorous. Created several Amber Eras ago, it was gradually forgotten. It was restored by the Void Archives after the Express set off again.<section end="&quot;Shush&quot;" />
* '''"Something Unto Death":''' <section begin="&quot;Something Unto Death&quot;" />An enigmatic meme in the Memory Zone, believed to be a manifestation of people's fear of death and murder. Highly elusive, it follows unknown behavioral patterns and has committed numerous nefarious murders within the Dreamscape in Penacony.<section end="&quot;Something Unto Death&quot;" />
* '''"Something Unto Death":''' <section begin="&quot;Something Unto Death&quot;" />The memetic lifeform "Dormancy," fabricated by Gallagher via borrowing the power of Enigmata. It assists the residents of Dreamflux Reef in traveling to and from the sweet dream. It is often misconstrued as a manifestation of people's fears of "death" and "murder."<section end="&quot;Something Unto Death&quot;" />
* '''#27 Rubert:''' <section begin="#27 Rubert" />Member 27 of the Genius Society, the self-proclaimed "Emperor," who deduced the Anti-Organic Equation. They sparked "The First Emperor's War" that swept across the universe.<section end="#27 Rubert" />
* '''(Trailblazer):''' <section begin="(Trailblazer)" />A {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}} who boarded the Astral Express. {{MC|f=She|m=He}} chose to travel with the Astral Express to eliminate the dangers posed by the Stellaron.<section end="(Trailblazer)" />
* '''A Child's Dream:''' <section begin="A Child's Dream" />A fragment extracted from someone's memory, presumably connected to a profound secret of Penacony.<section end="A Child's Dream" />
* '''A Child's Dream:''' <section begin="A Child's Dream" />Mikhail's final dream. It records all the truths related to the Watchmaker, Misha, and Clockie.<section end="A Child's Dream" />
* '''Abundance:''' <section begin="Abundance" />The path presided over by the Aeon Yaoshi. Selfless, altruistic, and healing actions are manifestations of the Path of Abundance.<section end="Abundance" />
* '''Abyss of Fate:''' <section begin="Abyss of Fate" />Janusopolis, a religious sanctuary transcending the geopolitics of the city-states. Now, only a few temples still stand, and they are known as the "Abyss of Fate" or the "Temple of the Three Fates."<section end="Abyss of Fate" />
* '''Acheron:''' <section begin="Acheron" />A reserved and introverted traveler, closely associated with the Galaxy Ranger. Often prone to forgetting important things.<section end="Acheron" />
* '''Acheron:''' <section begin="Acheron" />An aloof and taciturn traveler, a Self-Annihilator who returned from the shadows of IX the Nihility. In her battle against destiny, she tirelessly brandishes her blade, seeking to sever the Paths.<section end="Acheron" />
* '''Aeons:''' <section begin="Aeons" />Mysterious higher beings, akin to conscious celestial objects. Each of them controls a different Path and has the ability to travel freely between the stars. They possess tremendous powers that can erase reality and create new worlds.<section end="Aeons" />
* '''Aether Spirit:''' <section begin="Aether Spirit" />In the game "Aetherium Wars," they are the result of imprinting real-world data onto creature entities. They lack self-awareness and can only act according to player instructions based on programming, with appearances nearly identical to reality.<section end="Aether Spirit" />
* '''Aetherium Wars:''' <section begin="Aetherium Wars" />Based on the Aether copying technology, it's a collectible card battle game using Aether Coins as carriers. Players can store creature entity data using Aether Coins and materialize them as Aether Spirits to battle against other players.<section end="Aetherium Wars" />
* '''Aglaea:''' <section begin="Aglaea" />The Chrysos Heir of Okhema, the demigod of Romance, and the leader of the Flame-Chase Journey. As a weaver, she personally threads the needle, gathering heroes of the world to embark once more on a long and arduous journey.<section end="Aglaea" />
* '''Aha:''' <section begin="Aha" />The Aeon of Elation. No one can predict what this Aeon might express THEIR mirth at. Joy is a right of sentient beings, and Aha inspires THEIR believers to delight in the joys of life. THEY take pleasure in the sharp turns of fate.<section end="Aha" />
* '''Akivili:''' <section begin="Akivili" />The Aeon that presides over the Path of Trailblaze. THEY departed from the isolated world of Pegana, and continued to trailblaze unknown frontiers. THEIR destiny came to an end unexpectedly.<section end="Akivili" />
* '''Ambrosial Arbor:''' <section begin="Ambrosial Arbor" />The miraculous creations bestowed upon the Xianzhou Luofu by Yaoshi the Abundance. They can heal death and grant humans an infinite lifespan, but they also attract endless calamities.<section end="Ambrosial Arbor" />
* '''Anaxa:''' <section begin="Anaxa" />The Chrysos Heir of the Grove of Epiphany. One of the Seven Sages and the founder of Nousporism. Called by others as the "blasphemer" due to his insistence that humans and gods are the same. He miraculously survived the calamity at the Grove and the Coreflame of the Reason Titan currently resides within his body.<section end="Anaxa" />
* '''Antimatter Legion:''' <section begin="Antimatter Legion" />The army that is subservient to the Aeon Nanook. It is a gathering of the most vicious and evil creations in the universe. The army has vowed to destroy all civilization and life.<section end="Antimatter Legion" />
* '''Arbitrators:''' <section begin="Arbitrators" />Arbitrators act according to the commands of the Aeon HooH, seeking a zero-sum state of the universe. They are mistaken as gods in many worlds.<section end="Arbitrators" />
* '''Argenti:''' <section begin="Argenti" />A paragon knight of the Knights of Beauty who is piously seeking his missing Aeon, Idrila the Beauty. Forthright and candid, he wanders the cosmos espousing the virtues of Idrila's good name.<section end="Argenti" />
* '''Arlan:''' <section begin="Arlan" />The head of Herta Space Station's Security Department. This inarticulate boy is willing to protect the researchers in pursuit of their work with his life.<section end="Arlan" />
* '''Asta:''' <section begin="Asta" />The lead researcher of Herta Space Station and a lady from a renowned family. She's an astronomer overflowing with curiosity, and excels at managing the disparate staff of the space station.<section end="Asta" />
* '''Astral Express:''' <section begin="Astral Express" />The train that Akivili, Aeon of Trailblaze, once rode upon. It travels on the star rail to traverse between the worlds.<section end="Astral Express" />
* '''AtaviSearch Forest:''' <section begin="AtaviSearch Forest" />A fanatical research group composed of scholars who revere Dr. Primitive. This obsessive faction of humans and apes follows the steps of their idol and strives to spread atavistic experiments throughout the cosmos.<section end="AtaviSearch Forest" />
* '''Aventurine:''' <section begin="Aventurine" />A senior manager in the IPC Strategic Investment Department and one of the Ten Stonehearts, known for his cornerstone "Aventurine of stratagems." He always dons a smile that conceals his true intentions and lives by the principle of "the greater the risk, the greater the reward."<section end="Aventurine" />
* '''Avgin:''' <section begin="Avgin" />One of the native inhabitants of Sigonia-IV, possessing extensive knowledge of life on the cliffs. "Avgin" means "honey" in the Sigonian language, yet those who irrationally fear Avgins unjustifiably distort the word's meaning to perpetuate Avgin stereotypes that portray them as crafty, smooth-talking, and capricious.<section end="Avgin" />
* '''Bailu:''' <section begin="Bailu" />The High Elder of the Vidyadhara, who is also known as the "Healer Lady" on the Luofu. She uses her unique medical science and the medical treatment that can only be provided by the Vidyadhara dragon race to save lives.<section end="Bailu" />
* '''Basic ATK:''' <section begin="Basic ATK" />Use a character's Basic ATK to attack enemy targets and recover Skill Points.<section end="Basic ATK" />
* '''Battle of the Fanghu:''' <section begin="Battle of the Fanghu" />The turning point of the Third Denizens of Abundance War. Under the light of the demonic planet, the Abominations of Abundance, led by the borisin, nearly overran the Xianzhou Fanghu multiple times. Thanks to countless Xianzhou soldiers sacrificing themselves on the front lines, the Cloudpeer Telescope successfully transmitted a message, summoning the Reignbow and turning the tide of the battle.<section end="Battle of the Fanghu" />
* '''Belobog:''' <section begin="Belobog" />The sanctuary city built by the Architects, humanity's last bastion against the Eternal Freeze.<section end="Belobog" />
* '''Black Swan:''' <section begin="Black Swan" />A laid-back and enigmatic Memokeeper who collects intriguing memories. She firmly believes that fate is not beyond comprehension and that everything will eventually become "known" within the eternal realm of memories.<section end="Black Swan" />
* '''Black Tide:''' <section begin="Black Tide" />The water that dissolves souls. The darkness engulfing Amphoreus. The black tide and its creations are the direct cause of Amphoreus' near destruction.<section end="Black Tide" />
* '''Blade:''' <section begin="Blade" />A member of the Stellaron Hunters, and a swordsman who abandoned his body to become a blade. He pledges loyalty to Destiny's Slave, and possesses a terrifying self-healing ability.<section end="Blade" />
* '''Borisin:''' <section begin="Borisin" />The frenzied hunters among the stars, the Xianzhou Alliance's mortal enemy, and the most powerful and prosperous faction among the Denizens of Abundance. The borisin, resembling giant upright wolves, are brutal and fierce, respecting only strength. They have raided planets, depleted resources, and destroyed numerous civilizations.<section end="Borisin" />
* '''Bough of Rift, Cerces:''' <section begin="Bough of Rift, Cerces" />The Reason Titan. Cerces manifested in the world as a great sacred tree, permitting humans to walk beside them, awaken enlightenment, and reflect deeply to gain knowledge.<section end="Bough of Rift, Cerces" />
* '''Bronya Rand:''' <section begin="Bronya Rand" />Heir apparent to the Supreme Guardian of Belobog. She possesses pride befitting of a princess, but also the determination and integrity of a soldier.<section end="Bronya Rand" />
* '''Bronya Rand:''' <section begin="Bronya Rand" />Belobog's current Supreme Guardian. She possesses pride befitting of a princess, but also the determination and integrity of a soldier.<section end="Bronya Rand" />
* '''Castorice:''' <section begin="Castorice" />The Maiden of War from Aidonia and mortician of Okhema. Bearing the curse known as the Touch of Death, any life her fingertips touch withers and returns to nothing.<section end="Castorice" />
* '''Castrum Kremnos:''' <section begin="Castrum Kremnos" />A massive mobile fortress, the city of warriors who worship Nikador. The Kremnoans take pride in fighting to the death and are renowned throughout Amphoreus for their strict discipline.<section end="Castrum Kremnos" />
* '''Chalice of Plenty, Phagousa:''' <section begin="Chalice of Plenty, Phagousa" />The Ocean Titan. Phagousa enjoys drifting through the mortal world, appearing in the ocean's waves, the river's rapids, and the goblets at feasts, bringing song, dance, and laughter.<section end="Chalice of Plenty, Phagousa" />
* '''Charmony Festival:''' <section begin="Charmony Festival" />A significant ritual in Penacony, occurring only once in each Amber Era. When the Charmony Festival is performed on any planet, Xipe's incarnation will descend to bestow blessings upon both believers and non-believers alike.<section end="Charmony Festival" />
* '''Chrysalis of Gold, Mnestia:''' <section begin="Chrysalis of Gold, Mnestia" />The Romance Titan. They and their Titankins pursue the beauty of the world, weaving it into golden threads to craft the romance of existence, granting the inhabitants of Amphoreus the gift of love and affection.<section end="Chrysalis of Gold, Mnestia" />
* '''Chrysos Heirs:''' <section begin="Chrysos Heirs" />It is said that as Kephale's divine radiance dimmed, they offered their own Coreflame and left behind the Oracle of Creation. Afterward, heroes imbued with great power began to walk the earth. They carried in their veins golden divine blood and were known as the "Chrysos Heirs."<section end="Chrysos Heirs" />
* '''Cipher:''' <section begin="Cipher" />The Chrysos Heir of Dolos, the demigod of "Trickery." She had long discarded her Flame-Chasing duty and departed the holy city. She has the power to command god-like speed, but only uses it to steal. Full of tricks and plots, she prefers living her own good life to embarking on a hero's journey.<section end="Cipher" />
* '''Clara:''' <section begin="Clara" />A vagrant girl who lives with robots. She is introverted, gentle, and has a pure heart. She wishes for all Underworlders to become a family.<section end="Clara" />
* '''Clock Studios Theme Park:''' <section begin="Clock Studios Theme Park" />An amusement park built by The Family, themed around a string of popular Penaconian cartoon characters. The park nominally belongs to Clock Studios and is owned by the legendary mogul Watchmaker.<section end="Clock Studios Theme Park" />
* '''Clockie:''' <section begin="Clockie" />The protagonist of a popular animated series in Penacony, Clockie embodies optimism, wit, and boundless energy, yet also displays a reckless side. For reasons unknown, Clockie frequently appears in the Dreamscape, visible only to those with a childlike soul.<section end="Clockie" />
* '''Clockwork:''' <section begin="Clockwork" />A unique ability bestowed upon Trailblazers by Clockie. With the ability, Trailblazers can channel the various emotions flowing through dreams back to the souls of their owners.<section end="Clockwork" />
* '''Cocolia Rand:''' <section begin="Cocolia Rand" />Belobog's current supreme guardian. Cold and devoid of worldly desires, she watches over this frozen world in her own way.<section end="Cocolia Rand" />
* '''Cocolia Rand:''' <section begin="Cocolia Rand" />Belobog's former Supreme Guardian. Impassive and devoid of worldly desires, she watches over this frozen world in her own way.<section end="Cocolia Rand" />
* '''Coin of Whimsy, Zagreus:''' <section begin="Coin of Whimsy, Zagreus" />The Trickery Titan. Without the velleity to carry out their divine responsibilities, Zagreus relish in creating disagreements amongst the gods, tricking them, and creating a mélange of chaos and disorderliness.<section end="Coin of Whimsy, Zagreus" />
* '''Cornerstone:''' <section begin="Cornerstone" />A sacred stone, sealing the authority of an Emanator of Preservation within. Each of the Ten Stonehearts possesses one.<section end="Cornerstone" />
* '''Creed Exequy:''' <section begin="Creed Exequy" />Worshipers of the Aeon Terminus. They await their once-in-a-lifetime encounter.<section end="Creed Exequy" />
* '''Currently getting Dr. Ratio to help...:''' <section begin="Currently getting Dr. Ratio to help..." />Professor Ratio departs from the sandpit without a second thought, not even casting a glance behind. How nice of him!<section end="Currently getting Dr. Ratio to help..." />
* '''Dan Heng:''' <section begin="Dan Heng" />A cold and reserved young man who is reticent about his past. To avoid his kin, he decided to travel with the Astral Express.<section end="Dan Heng" />
* '''Dan Heng • Imbibitor Lunae:''' <section begin="Dan Heng • Imbibitor Lunae" />Dan Heng's true form from his Vidyadhara lineage carries the residual power left behind by his past incarnation, the Imbibitor Lunae. Upon accepting the majestic horned crown atop his forehead, he must accept all the merits and faults attributed to that sinner.<section end="Dan Heng • Imbibitor Lunae" />
* '''Deca-Light Reflection Barrier:''' <section begin="Deca-Light Reflection Barrier" />The divination matrix constructed by the Xianzhou Yuque. It is said to operate on principles similar to the Matrix of Prescience Ultima, with its computational scriptures and inspiration derived from the Wisdomwalker, Nous.<section end="Deca-Light Reflection Barrier" />
* '''Demigods:''' <section begin="Demigods" />Tribios took up Janus' Coreflame, becoming the first demigod. Since then, many other Chrysos Heir heroes have undergone trials, received the divine authority of the Titans, and become demigods, maintaining the order of the world.<section end="Demigods" />
* '''Denizens of Abundance:''' <section begin="Denizens of Abundance" />The chosen who have received Abundance's blessings. They revel in the joy brought about by their undying bodies and praise Yaoshi for their kindness and grace.<section end="Denizens of Abundance" />
* '''Destruction:''' <section begin="Destruction" />The path presided over by the Aeon Nanook. Reckless, wrathful, and destructive actions are manifestations of the Path of Destruction.<section end="Destruction" />
* '''Device IX:''' <section begin="Device IX" />A dark network in the cosmos, whose existence is still unconfirmed.<section end="Device IX" />
* '''Dewlight Pavilion:''' <section begin="Dewlight Pavilion" />The place where the heads of each of the lineages negotiate plans regarding Penacony's development. Nominally a building owned by Sunday. Ordinary guests would know nothing of the mansion's existence, let alone how to arrive there.<section end="Dewlight Pavilion" />
* '''Disciples of Sanctus Medicus:''' <section begin="Disciples of Sanctus Medicus" />A secret rebel organization that worships Yaoshi the Abundance. They gather followers by showcasing ancient celestial traces, with the aim to overthrow the Xianzhou Luofu.<section end="Disciples of Sanctus Medicus" />
* '''Doctors of Chaos:''' <section begin="Doctors of Chaos" />Ponderers who inadvertently encountered the Nihility. They attempt to resist meaningless destiny and try to prove to the Aeon that there is meaning behind the existence of all things.<section end="Doctors of Chaos" />
* '''Don't Look Back:''' <section begin="Don't Look Back" />March 7th, don't look back. Keep going forward.<section end="Don't Look Back" />
* '''Dr. Primitive:''' <section begin="Dr. Primitive" />Member #64 of the Genius Society, a scientist who has committed numerous crimes against humanity, identity unknown. He caused universal chaos with his atavistic experiments and has since become an enemy of the Galaxy Rangers. His current whereabouts remain unknown.<section end="Dr. Primitive" />
* '''Dr. Ratio:''' <section begin="Dr. Ratio" />An eccentric, self-centered, slightly gloomy, and yet elegant Intelligentsia Guild member. He often wears a bizarre plaster head sculpture over his head despite his handsome features.<section end="Dr. Ratio" />
* '''Dream Bubble:''' <section begin="Dream Bubble" />Memory Bubbles affected by enigmatic forces. Raw Dream Bubbles typically carry intense emotional sentiments. With The Family's adjustment, they can be safely utilized to record personal dreams, making them one of Penacony's most intriguing specialties.<section end="Dream Bubble" />
* '''Dreamflux Reef:''' <section begin="Dreamflux Reef" />The reflection of Penacony cast upon the deep. The "Nightmare" professed by The Family. In reality, this corner of the primordial Memory Zone is the true form of the Dreamscape.<section end="Dreamflux Reef" />
* '''Dreammaster:''' <section begin="Dreammaster" />The master of the Dreamscape and the true leader of The Family in Penacony. He operates behind the scenes, pulling the strings, and delegates the majority of actual management to the Oak Family.<section end="Dreammaster" />
* '''Dreamscape Pass:''' <section begin="Dreamscape Pass" />A memento provided to all guests staying at The Reverie Hotel, featuring a range of functions.<section end="Dreamscape Pass" />
* '''Effect Dispel:''' <section begin="Effect Dispel" />Abilities from certain characters can remove debuffs applied to allied characters. These can turn the tide of battle in a pinch.<section end="Effect Dispel" />
* '''Effect Dispel:''' <section begin="Effect Dispel" />Abilities from certain characters can remove buffs applied to enemies. These can change the battlefield when fighting special enemies.<section end="Effect Dispel" />
* '''Eidolons:''' <section begin="Eidolons" />The possibility of the existence of observers. As people embark on a set path, those possibilities eventually collapse into a single entity.<section end="Eidolons" />
* '''Elio:''' <section begin="Elio" />The leader of the Stellaron Hunters who is referred to as "Destiny's Slave." Possesses the ability/curse to foresee future possibilities.<section end="Elio" />
* '''Elixir Seekers:''' <section begin="Elixir Seekers" />Far-flung voyagers in pursuit of immortality. They search for the location of the Aeon, Yaoshi, in the ocean of stars.<section end="Elixir Seekers" />
* '''Emanators:''' <section begin="Emanators" />Pathstriders with power directly granted by the Aeons. They are incomparably more powerful than mere mortals. They are typically enforcers of Aeons' wills.<section end="Emanators" />
* '''Erudition:''' <section begin="Erudition" />The path presided over by the Aeon Nous. Thoughtful, logical, and strategic actions are manifestations of the Path of Erudition.<section end="Erudition" />
* '''Eye of Twilight, Aquila:''' <section begin="Eye of Twilight, Aquila" />The Sky Titan. When Aquila's eyes that gaze upon the land open, the world welcomes light, and as Aquila's eyes close, the world plunges into darkness.<section end="Eye of Twilight, Aquila" />
* '''Feixiao:''' <section begin="Feixiao" />The Arbiter-General of the Xianzhou Yaoqing. Referred to as the Merlin's Claw. Decisive like lightning and always doing what is right, she has demonstrated outstanding military success through her martial prowess.<section end="Feixiao" />
* '''Firefly:''' <section begin="Firefly" />A self-proclaimed greenhorn performer of the Iris Family, but actually a member of the Stellaron Hunters. To ensure that "the Express chases after the 'grand legacy' alongside them," she risked her life and finally "returns from the dead."<section end="Firefly" />
* '''Firefly:''' <section begin="Firefly" />Claiming herself to be a new artist from the Iris Family. She was initially accused of being a stowaway by the Bloodhound Family. After (Trailblazer) offered assistance, she willingly volunteered to serve as a tour guide.<section end="Firefly" />
* '''Flame Reaver:''' <section begin="Flame Reaver" />A nameless swordmaster who came with the black tide and is hunting down the Titans' Coreflames. None knows their true identity. Their power is incredible, and their swordplay is nigh impeccable.<section end="Flame Reaver" />
* '''Flame Reaver:''' <section begin="Flame Reaver" />A nameless swordmaster who came with the black tide and is hunting down the Titans' Coreflames. None knows their true identity. They fought multiple rounds against the heroes in the entrapment set up within Castrum Kremnos before finally losing. Their current whereabouts is unknown.<section end="Flame Reaver" />
* '''Fragmentum:''' <section begin="Fragmentum" />Distorted spacial phenomena which appear in the vicinity of a Stellaron, continuously eating away at reality.<section end="Fragmentum" />
* '''Fragmentum Monsters:''' <section begin="Fragmentum Monsters" />Monsters duplicated from the Fragmentum's assimilation of the biological data it has collected. These monsters retain the original forms of the creatures in question, but also have mutations.<section end="Fragmentum Monsters" />
* '''Fu Xuan:''' <section begin="Fu Xuan" />Head of the Divination Commission on the Luofu. The person who uses the third eye and Matrix of Prescience to foretell the route of Xianzhou and the outcomes of events.<section end="Fu Xuan" />
* '''Fuli:''' <section begin="Fuli" />Thoughts equals existence. Thus, memory is the evidence of existence. The Aeon that presides over the Path of Remembrance records all that has been forgotten and prepares for the rebirth of the universe.<section end="Fuli" />
* '''Galaxy Rangers:''' <section begin="Galaxy Rangers" />A voluntarily-formed vigilante group that believes the goodness and justice of the universe must be served through the actions of individuals. After breeding enmity with Dr. Primitive, member 64 of Genius Society, the group was never heard from again.<section end="Galaxy Rangers" />
* '''Gallagher:''' <section begin="Gallagher" />A disheveled drinksmith and a security officer from the Bloodhound Family. A local of Penacony, he possesses an exceptional knowledge base, although he rarely mentions it to others.<section end="Gallagher" />
* '''Gallagher:''' <section begin="Gallagher" />Penacony's local unassuming drinksmith, also a security officer from the Bloodhound Family. He is suspected to be a Pathstrider of Enigmata and is closely linked to the Memory Zone Meme "Something Unto Death."<section end="Gallagher" />
* '''Gallagher:''' <section begin="Gallagher" />The loyal hound of the Watchmaker. A character concocted by a certain History Fictionologist based on various facts in Penacony. Carrying on the legacy of the Watchmaker, he craftily opposed The Family until his last breath.<section end="Gallagher" />
* '''Garden of Recollection:''' <section begin="Garden of Recollection" />Collectors of precious memories from across the universe. They freely travel between worlds and try to find memories that can please their Aeon.<section end="Garden of Recollection" />
* '''Gate of Infinity, Janus:''' <section begin="Gate of Infinity, Janus" />The Passage Titan. Janus knows the existence and destination of all pathways. They govern not only the passages people traverse, but also the journeys that bind their fates.<section end="Gate of Infinity, Janus" />
* '''Genius Society:''' <section begin="Genius Society" />The people who have received the grace of the Aeon Nous. A collection of the most remarkable geniuses and smartest brains in the universe. They come from different backgrounds, with some of them even working in a fruit shop to make a living.<section end="Genius Society" />
* '''Geomarrow:''' <section begin="Geomarrow" />A mysterious ore produced on Jarilo-VI. Serves as the main energy source for Belobog.<section end="Geomarrow" />
* '''Gepard Landau:''' <section begin="Gepard Landau" />A captain in the Silvermane Guards and an outstanding warrior of Belobog. He is meticulous and vigilant to the core and is always true to himself.<section end="Gepard Landau" />
* '''Golden Hour:''' <section begin="Golden Hour" />One of the twelve Dreamscapes in Penacony, and its time coincides with midnight. Here, the dream's time is forever stuck at 00:00. Tomorrow will not come, and this night of revelry will never end.<section end="Golden Hour" />
* '''Grove of Epiphany:''' <section begin="Grove of Epiphany" />A courtyard-like structure interspersed with gardens, built around Cerces's manifestation and one of Amphoreus's foremost academic institutions. It is currently a city-state allied to Okhema, and the leader in research on mysterious occurrences such as the black tide and Titans.<section end="Grove of Epiphany" />
* '''Grove of Epiphany:''' <section begin="Grove of Epiphany" />A courtyard-like structure interspersed with gardens, built around Cerces's manifestation and one of Amphoreus's foremost academic institutions. It has been destroyed in an attack by the black tide.<section end="Grove of Epiphany" />
* '''Guinaifen:''' <section begin="Guinaifen" />A performance artist visiting the Xianzhou Luofu &mdash; in other words, a street performer. She's chasing a new life on the Luofu when not concerned with food and shelter.<section end="Guinaifen" />
* '''Hand of Shadow, Thanatos:''' <section begin="Hand of Shadow, Thanatos" />The Death Titan. When countless souls find no place to rest, then the tides of the River of Souls will surge onto the land, and Thanatos will steer their vessel to guide the dead to the afterlife.<section end="Hand of Shadow, Thanatos" />
* '''Harmony:''' <section begin="Harmony" />The path presided over by the Aeon Xipe. Understanding, supportive, and cooperative actions are manifestations of the Path of Harmony.<section end="Harmony" />
* '''Heliobi:''' <section begin="Heliobi" />The shapeless otherworldly Starfire Essence, an energy life form belonging to the Shapeless Order. Heliobi yearn to possess the bodies of all corporeal intelligent lifeforms, savoring the changes in their desires and emotions. After depleting the host's shell, they will seek out the next victim.<section end="Heliobi" />
* '''Herta:''' <section begin="Herta" />Member 83 of the Genius Society. The real master of the space station. An incredibly intelligent yet unsympathetic scientist.<section end="Herta" />
* '''High Elder:''' <section begin="High Elder" />The head of the Vidyadhara and one of the three cornerstones of the Xianzhou Alliance. Possesses the power of Long the Permanence. Through the legacy of the Transmutation Arcanum, their appearance remains unchanged, and they exist in the world for ages.<section end="High Elder" />
* '''High-Cloud Quintet:''' <section begin="High-Cloud Quintet" />The five legendary heroes who briefly united in the history of the Xianzhou Alliance. They had achieved remarkable feats in battles, but ultimately fragmented due to their deep longing for a fallen comrade who sacrificed themselves.<section end="High-Cloud Quintet" />
* '''Himeko:''' <section begin="Himeko" />The one who repaired the Astral Express. To witness the vast starry sky, she decided to travel aboard the Astral Express. Her hobby is brewing hand-made coffee.<section end="Himeko" />
* '''History Fictionologists:''' <section begin="History Fictionologists" />Emissaries of the Aeon, Mythus. Dedicated to fabricating, obfuscating, destroying, and erasing the histories of the cosmos. With "Enigmata" as their sole philosophy, they are determined to shroud the universe in mists.<section end="History Fictionologists" />
* '''HooH:''' <section begin="HooH" />The Aeon on the Path of Equilibrium. Their form is unknown. HooH and their Emanators influence the universe surreptitiously, trying to achieve an ideal balance.<section end="HooH" />
* '''Hook:''' <section begin="Hook" />Boss (self-proclaimed) of an Underworld adventure squad, The Moles. She loves freedom and sees life as a series of adventures.<section end="Hook" />
* '''Hoolay:''' <section begin="Hoolay" />A formidable opponent of the Xianzhou people. A Brood Lord of borisin. Defeated 700 hundred years ago, he has been held in the Shackling Prison, condemned to eternal torment.<section end="Hoolay" />
* '''Huaiyan:''' <section begin="Huaiyan" />The Arbiter-General who governs the Xianzhou Zhuming. Referred to as the Flaming Heart. As an individual bearing an elderly visage, the general stands as an oddity among the ever-youthful people of the Xianzhou.<section end="Huaiyan" />
* '''Huohuo:''' <section begin="Huohuo" />A trainee Ten-Lords Commission Judge of the Xianzhou Luofu, she is a young foxian girl possessed by a heliobus. She is a timid and weak girl who is afraid of all kinds of strange things, but is responsible for luring and subduing evil spirits.<section end="Huohuo" />
* '''Hyacine:''' <section begin="Hyacine" />The Chrysos Heir of the Twilight Courtyard, the descendant of Sky. She has an optimistic and cheerful disposition and is a good listener. In this unstable dying world, she tries her best to create a secluded place of healing for others.<section end="Hyacine" />
* '''IX:''' <section begin="IX" />The Aeon that presides over the Path of Nihility. THEIR existence is a mystery. IX doesn't interact with the other Aeons. THEY believe that the ultimate fate of the multiverse is nothingness, and therefore, worthless.<section end="IX" />
* '''Idrila:''' <section begin="Idrila" />The pure goodness of the material world sensed and defined by intelligent lifeforms &mdash; this is how the so-called "beauty" came into existence. Idrila was once the Aeon that presided over the Path of Beauty, but has now disappeared.<section end="Idrila" />
* '''Imaginary Tree:''' <section begin="Imaginary Tree" />The ubiquitous essence of existence, a cosmic structure that gives birth to many worlds.<section end="Imaginary Tree" />
* '''Interastral Peace Corporation:''' <section begin="Interastral Peace Corporation" />A company created to support the Aeon Qlipoth. It has since become the largest economic entity in the cosmos.<section end="Interastral Peace Corporation" />
* '''Jade:''' <section begin="Jade" />A senior manager in the IPC's Strategic Investment Department and one of the Ten Stonehearts. Her Cornerstone is "Jade of Credit."<section end="Jade" />
* '''Jarilo-VI:''' <section begin="Jarilo-VI" />The name of a world recorded in the train's astral charts. The harsh and bitter World of Frost.<section end="Jarilo-VI" />
* '''Jiaoqiu:''' <section begin="Jiaoqiu" />An advisor under Feixiao. Responsible for her food and health. To him, a medicine-boiling cauldron is no different from a hotpot on a stove, and the ingredients of meals are also no different from medication...<section end="Jiaoqiu" />
* '''Jing Yuan:''' <section begin="Jing Yuan" />The Divine Foresight, one of the Seven Arbiter-Generals of the Xianzhou Alliance, leads the Cloud Knights of the Xianzhou Luofu. A student of the Luofu's previous Sword Champion, though not known for his martial prowess.<section end="Jing Yuan" />
* '''Jingliu:''' <section begin="Jingliu" />Former Sword Champion of the Luofu, and the reason behind the Cloud Knights' mythical reputation of implacable might. Now, her name has been wiped from the records, and she is a traitor of the Xianzhou walking on the fine line between sanity and mara-struck.<section end="Jingliu" />
* '''Kafka:''' <section begin="Kafka" />A member of the Stellaron Hunters. A dashing, collected, and professional beauty. Used the enchantment of Spirit Whisper to set up (Trailblazer) to absorb the Stellaron. Her hobby is shopping for and organizing her collection of coats.<section end="Kafka" />
* '''Lan:''' <section begin="Lan" />The Cruising Aeon known as the Reignbow Arbiter by the Xianzhou, presiding over the Path of The Hunt. THEY roams endlessly between worlds to eradicate the abominations created by the Aeon of Abundance.<section end="Lan" />
* '''Lance of Fury, Nikador:''' <section begin="Lance of Fury, Nikador" />The Strife Titan. They declare war on the pantheon, plunging the world into endless strife. In ballads of bards, their divine blade of retribution could level heavens and earth in a single strike.<section end="Lance of Fury, Nikador" />
* '''Light Cones:''' <section begin="Light Cones" />A package of solidified phenomena. Its power is sealed in slices of light.<section end="Light Cones" />
* '''Long:''' <section begin="Long" />The deceased ancient Aeon who presided over the Path of Permanence. THEY used to appear in the form of a giant dragon. THEY left behind a large number of descendants known as Long's Scions.<section end="Long" />
* '''Luka:''' <section begin="Luka" />The boxing champion in Belobog's Underworld, and one of Wildfire's most capable fighters. The consecutive reigning champion of the Fight Club, whose enthusiasm inspires children of the Underworld to dream big.<section end="Luka" />
* '''Luminary Wardance Ceremony:''' <section begin="Luminary Wardance Ceremony" />A traditional Xianzhou Alliance festival and martial arts tournament established to commemorate the moments of salvation granted by the Reignbow Arbiter and the Cloud Knights. Warriors from all worlds are invited to compete as peers.<section end="Luminary Wardance Ceremony" />
* '''Luocha:''' <section begin="Luocha" />Carrying a coffin wherever he goes, he is a foreign trader who came from beyond the stellar seas. Has excellent medical skills.<section end="Luocha" />
* '''Lynx:''' <section begin="Lynx" />A Belobogian Snow Plains Explorer, and the youngest of the Landau siblings. Calm and collected, with a strong drive for action. Often embarks on solo adventures to explore the snowy wilderness.<section end="Lynx" />
* '''March 7th:''' <section begin="March 7th" />A girl who once slumbered in eternal ice and knows nothing about her past. To find out the truth about her origins, she decided to travel with the Astral Express. As of right now, she has prepared about 67 different versions of her life story for herself.<section end="March 7th" />
* '''Masked Fools:''' <section begin="Masked Fools" />Fanatical worshipers of the Aeon Aha. They seek the pinnacle of hedonism. There are no limits in their pursuit of pleasure.<section end="Masked Fools" />
* '''Mem:''' <section begin="Mem" />A mysterious creature with pink fur, seemingly intricately linked to Amphoreus.<section end="Mem" />
* '''Memoria:''' <section begin="Memoria" />Memoria serves as a vessel for human memory and consciousness. Individuals who are not Memokeepers may experience varying degrees of negative impact upon direct contact with unprocessed memoria. The Memory Zone and Memory Bubbles both consist of aggregates of memoria, differing only in size.<section end="Memoria" />
* '''Memory Zone:''' <section begin="Memory Zone" />A realm created by memoria, inaccessible to direct observation. Only Pathstriders who follow the Path of Remembrance or individuals well-versed in unconventional methods can navigate its boundaries. In the past, the Enigmata caused numerous breaches on the border between realspace and the Memory Zone.<section end="Memory Zone" />
* '''Memory Zone Meme:''' <section begin="Memory Zone Meme" />An entity imbued with specific cognition, formed by the accumulation of subconscious fragments in the Memory Zone. Lacking intelligence, they act solely based on the perceptions they carry, driven to consume more memories.<section end="Memory Zone Meme" />
* '''Mirror Holders:''' <section begin="Mirror Holders" />Wanderers who have witnessed the beauty of different worlds. To revive the Aeon of Beauty, they collect the Aeon's relics scattered across the Universe.<section end="Mirror Holders" />
* '''Misha:''' <section begin="Misha" />A bellboy at The Reverie who takes a keen interest in the Path of Trailblaze upon which the Astral Express strides.<section end="Misha" />
* '''Misha:''' <section begin="Misha" />The naive and ignorant protagonist of Mikhail's childhood dreams. He ran away from the dream bubble. As he bears the mission of guiding the Astral Express to discover the Watchmaker's legacy, he mistakenly believes himself to be Penacony's "bellboy".<section end="Misha" />
* '''Moment of Morning Dew:''' <section begin="Moment of Morning Dew" />The most silent moment of Penacony's twelve Dreamscapes. This is where The Family's residence and office, Dewlight Pavilion, is situated.<section end="Moment of Morning Dew" />
* '''Moment of Scorchsand:''' <section begin="Moment of Scorchsand" />The moment when the wild wind brushes by. One of the twelve Dreamscapes of Penacony. Railways, pastures, steeds, and vast plains were once destroyed by disasters. After reconstruction, a branch venue of the "Festivity Auditions" was sponsored and established by SoulGlad Enterprise.<section end="Moment of Scorchsand" />
* '''Moze:''' <section begin="Moze" />An aide under Feixiao. He is in charge of intelligence and security. As a hidden blade, his presence is rarely perceived, appearing only when he is needed.<section end="Moze" />
* '''Mydei:''' <section begin="Mydei" />Crown prince of Castrum Kremnos, son of Gorgo, and a warrior as fearsome as a lion. Though he appears proud and unrestrained, he values loyalty and shows compassion for his people.<section end="Mydei" />
* '''Mydei:''' <section begin="Mydei" />The Chrysos Heir of Castrum Kremnos, the demigod of "Strife." He is also the son of Gorgo and the last god-king of Kremnos. He led his people to join the great work of Flame-Chase then returned home alone, standing on his own in defense against the black tide that tears through this world.<section end="Mydei" />
* '''Mythus:''' <section begin="Mythus" />The Aeon that presides over the Path of Enigmata. THEIR form remains unknown. THEY believe that things-in-themselves are beyond perception, and that finite entities are incapable of envisioning true infinity, and therefore everything is an enigma.<section end="Mythus" />
* '''Nanook:''' <section begin="Nanook" />The Aeon that presides over the Path of Destruction. THEY were born from Adlivun as the world fell. THEY often appear as a human male with dark skin and golden eyes.<section end="Nanook" />
* '''Natasha:''' <section begin="Natasha" />A doctor from the Underworld and a caregiver of children. Alongside her kindness and caring, she also has a hidden dangerous side.<section end="Natasha" />
* '''Nihility:''' <section begin="Nihility" />The path presided over by the Aeon IX. Slothful, exhausted, and meaningless actions are manifestations of the Path of Nihility.<section end="Nihility" />
* '''Nous:''' <section begin="Nous" />The Aeon that presides over the Path of Erudition. They were originally an omnipotent astral computer that ascended to become an Aeon.<section end="Nous" />
* '''Numby:''' <section begin="Numby" />A Warp Trotter who is capable of acutely perceiving where "riches" are located, and Topaz's family and business partner. It can even perform jobs involving security, debt collection, and actuarial sciences.<section end="Numby" />
* '''Okhema:''' <section begin="Okhema" />Humankind established settlements at the feet of Kephale, giving birth to the predecessor of "Okhema." Today, it stands as both the sanctuary in the end times and the starting point of the Era Nova journey.<section end="Okhema" />
* '''Omen Vanguards:''' <section begin="Omen Vanguards" />Those who believe that Terminus represents the end of the universe. They are dedicated to drawing prophecies from Terminus' obscure words.<section end="Omen Vanguards" />
* '''Oroboros:''' <section begin="Oroboros" />An ancient Aeon that presides over the Path of Voracity. The unsatisfied devourer of worlds. Legends say THEY are an Aeon as well as a kind of ancient beings named Leviathans.<section end="Oroboros" />
* '''Paths:''' <section begin="Paths" />The Paths of the Aeons. Those who travel on the same path will certainly receive its rewards.<section end="Paths" />
* '''Pathstriders:''' <section begin="Pathstriders" />People who walk on the Paths and receive power from them.<section end="Pathstriders" />
* '''Pelageya Sergeyevna:''' <section begin="Pelageya Sergeyevna" />An intelligence officer for the Silvermane Guards. She has a serious personality and is revered by other members of the Silvermane Guards.<section end="Pelageya Sergeyevna" />
* '''Penacony (Dreamscape):''' <section begin="Penacony (Dreamscape)" />A magnificent metropolis characterized by a continuous influx of visitors, meticulously maintained by The Family in the Synesthesia Dreamscape. When guests fall asleep at The Reverie, their consciousness becomes linked to the Dreamscape, enabling them to enter the enchanting dream world of Penacony.<section end="Penacony (Dreamscape)" />
* '''Penacony (Reality):''' <section begin="Penacony (Reality)" />A colossal structure located in the Asdana system, featuring the iconic hotel "The Reverie" as its prominent emblem. Once a frontier prison belonging to IPC, it now serves as an interstellar transportation hub and the gateway to the Sweetdream Paradise, managed by The Family.<section end="Penacony (Reality)" />
* '''Penacony Grand Theater:''' <section begin="Penacony Grand Theater" />The magnificent and opulent Grand Theater. Built by The Family, it is a colossal structure designed after the ancient prisons, serving as the stage for the present-day Charmony Festival.<section end="Penacony Grand Theater" />
* '''Penacony Paperfold University College:''' <section begin="Penacony Paperfold University College" />Penacony's famous college, located in the Moment of Sol. The cradle of outstanding talents that continuously sends the light and heat of knowledge within and outside the Dreamscape.<section end="Penacony Paperfold University College" />
* '''Phainon:''' <section begin="Phainon" />The Chrysos Heir of Aedes Elysiae, a warrior of Okhema. A gentle and cheerful young man with a detail-oriented mind and a pursuit of perfection in everything he does.<section end="Phainon" />
* '''Pillar of Stone, Georios:''' <section begin="Pillar of Stone, Georios" />The Earth Titan. All mountain ranges were once manifestations of Georios. They are the biggest, most gentle, and benevolent Titan. The guardian of the mortal world.<section end="Pillar of Stone, Georios" />
* '''Preservation:''' <section begin="Preservation" />The path presided over by the Aeon Qlipoth. Patient, sacrificial, and protective actions are manifestations of the Path of Preservation.<section end="Preservation" />
* '''Qingque:''' <section begin="Qingque" />Diviner of the Divination Commission on the Xianzhou Luofu, and a librarian. Always slacks off and is about to be demoted to a "door guardian."<section end="Qingque" />
* '''Qlipoth:''' <section begin="Qlipoth" />The builder of the Celestial Comet Wall, the Subspace Crystalline Barrier, and the Great Attractor Base. They are called the "Amber Lord" by their followers. They preside over the Path of Preservation, and are one of the oldest and most tenacious Aeons.<section end="Qlipoth" />
* '''Radiant Feldspar:''' <section begin="Radiant Feldspar" />A luxury airship crafted by The Family, touring the ocean of memoria, once temporarily halted for some reason.<section end="Radiant Feldspar" />
* '''Rappa:''' <section begin="Rappa" />A peculiar girl who appears in Penacony like a flashbang at the darkest hour of night, identifying herself as a ninja and attributing everything in the world to "ninjutsu." She roams the dreamlands of the Mappou world, upholding justice with a singular focus on hunting down the villain known as Evil Ninja Osaru.<section end="Rappa" />
* '''Rappa:''' <section begin="Rappa" />The Galaxy Ranger, who refers to herself as Dazzling Ninja, became infected with a memetic virus due to an atavistic experiment, causing her to perceive everything in the world in terms of "ninja." To settle the past of blood and tears, and to follow the Dazzling way of the ninja, she is dedicated to hunting down the villain "Evil Ninja Osaru," known to others as Dr. Primitive.<section end="Rappa" />
* '''Relics:''' <section begin="Relics" />Phantasmal equipment formed from stardust contaminated by data. Relics from various worlds converge in the mysterious and obscure Fragmentum.<section end="Relics" />
* '''Returning to the Trailblazer's POV...:''' <section begin="Returning to the Trailblazer's POV..." />When you have a chance to make a choice, make one that you know you won't regret.<section end="Returning to the Trailblazer's POV..." />
* '''Robin:''' <section begin="Robin" />A singer renowned across the cosmos, regarded as the superstar of the starry stage. Her captivating voice serenades the name of Harmony to audiences across the universe.<section end="Robin" />
* '''Ruan Mei:''' <section begin="Ruan Mei" />Member 81 of the Genius Society. Jointly developed the "Simulated Universe" with Herta, Screwllum, and Stephen. A master in the field of life sciences, she has an emotionless disposition and is only obsessed with research.<section end="Ruan Mei" />
* '''Sam:''' <section begin="Sam" />One of the Stellaron Hunters, a warrior donning formidable armor. The mecha suit possesses the power to unleash fiery attacks, engulfing the battlefield in flames.<section end="Sam" />
* '''Sampo Koski:''' <section begin="Sampo Koski" />A merchant who freely travels between the Overworld and the Underworld. He acts like he is everyone's friend, is enthusiastically humorous, and is good at bantering.<section end="Sampo Koski" />
* '''Scale of Justice, Talanton:''' <section begin="Scale of Justice, Talanton" />The Law Titan. Talanton permits neither favoritism nor injustice, safeguarding Amphoreus' taboos and boundaries while prescribing logic and law for all things.<section end="Scale of Justice, Talanton" />
* '''Scalegorge Waterscape:''' <section begin="Scalegorge Waterscape" />Sacred site of the Luofu's Vidyadhara, a delve holding the Lunarescent Depths and celestial traces of the Ambrosial Arbor. Members of the Luofu Vidyadhara who are due for a hatching rebirth will come to this place and return themselves to the waters.<section end="Scalegorge Waterscape" />
* '''Seele:''' <section begin="Seele" />A resident of the Underworld and the backbone of Wildfire. She goes by the alias "Babochka." She has a frank personality, but there is a delicate and sensitive hidden side to her deep in her heart.<section end="Seele" />
* '''Self-Annihilator:''' <section begin="Self-Annihilator" />Someone who accidentally stepped into IX the Nihility's shadow and from that moment forth lost their reason for existence. Despairing Self-Annihilators roam the universe in solitude. Most meet meaningless ends.<section end="Self-Annihilator" />
* '''Serval Landau:''' <section begin="Serval Landau" />A Belobog mechanic who used to be a researcher for the Technology Division of the Architects. As Gepard Landau's elder sister, her personality stands in stark contrast to her brother's. She loves an ancient form of music known as "rock 'n' roll" that was popular before the Eternal Freeze.<section end="Serval Landau" />
* '''Sigonia:''' <section begin="Sigonia" />An unclaimed sector located at the convergence of the Dnies, Pruthian, and Dorneau systems. Celestial objects within this sector constantly endure the relentless assault of stellar winds and stray celestial bodies, resulting in an exceptionally harsh climate on the surface of its planets.<section end="Sigonia" />
* '''Silver Wolf:''' <section begin="Silver Wolf" />A member of the Stellaron Hunters and a genius hacker. She sees the universe as a big immersive simulation game and has fun with it. She's mastered the skill known as "aether editing," which can be used to tamper with the data of reality.<section end="Silver Wolf" />
* '''Silvermane Guards:''' <section begin="Silvermane Guards" />Belobog's defensive force that takes orders from the Architects to fight monsters spawned from the Fragmentum.<section end="Silvermane Guards" />
* '''Skill Points:''' <section begin="Skill Points" />Skill Points are shared among the team. Using Skills will consume Skill Points, while using Basic ATK will recover Skill Points. To emerge victorious, you need to allocate your resources wisely!<section end="Skill Points" />
* '''Skysplitter:''' <section begin="Skysplitter" />The venue for the Xianzhou Luofu's Luminary Wardance, repurposed from a retired large fighter jet. When the ceremonial cannons roar, invited warriors from different worlds will gather here to compete.<section end="Skysplitter" />
* '''SoulGlad™ Festivity Auditions:''' <section begin="SoulGlad™ Festivity Auditions" />The qualifier event leading up to the Charmony Festival. People who dream of overnight fame engage in fierce competition here, aiming for the title of "Festive Superstar" and the VIP seats at the Charmony Festival.<section end="SoulGlad™ Festivity Auditions" />
* '''Space Anchor:''' <section begin="Space Anchor" />The energy stored in Space Anchors can restore HP for Trailblazers, and also allows you to teleport to different worlds.<section end="Space Anchor" />
* '''Sparkle:''' <section begin="Sparkle" />A member of the Masked Fools, passionate yet unpredictable. She roams between major factions, amusing herself by turning the world upside down on her own.<section end="Sparkle" />
* '''Stellaron Hunters:''' <section begin="Stellaron Hunters" />An organization that travels between the worlds hunting for Stellarons. It is unknown which Aeon bestows them with their power.<section end="Stellaron Hunters" />
* '''Sunday:''' <section begin="Sunday" />The benevolent and revered leader of the Oak Family and Sweetdream Paradise. Garners great respect from the outside world and is Robin's elder brother.<section end="Sunday" />
* '''Sunday:''' <section begin="Sunday" />The benevolent and self-disciplined head of the Oak Family. In order to fulfill the promise made to his younger sister in childhood, he ultimately embarked on a path diametrically opposed to hers.<section end="Sunday" />
* '''Sunday:''' <section begin="Sunday" />The former head of the Oak Family and the elder brother of Robin. After the upheaval of the Charmony Festival was quelled, he bid farewell to Order and his homeland, boarding the Astral Express in search of a new path.<section end="Sunday" />
* '''Supreme Guardian:''' <section begin="Supreme Guardian" />The supreme leader of Belobog, representative of the Architects' will. The current supreme guardian is Cocolia Rand.<section end="Supreme Guardian" />
* '''Supreme Guardian:''' <section begin="Supreme Guardian" />The supreme leader of Belobog, representative of the Architects' will. The current Supreme Guardian is Bronya Rand.<section end="Supreme Guardian" />
* '''Sushang:''' <section begin="Sushang" />Born on the Xianzhou Yaoqing, sent to the Cloud Knights of the Luofu for military training. She wields her family sword, a gift from her mother, and longs for the future she will go on to write.<section end="Sushang" />
* '''Svarog:''' <section begin="Svarog" />An intelligent combat robot left behind from the Old World. Despite all else, it attempts to fulfill Clara's desires through its own methods.<section end="Svarog" />
* '''Sweet Dreams Troupe:''' <section begin="Sweet Dreams Troupe" />Devices and facilities that have been domesticated by The Family to serve guests. Influenced by the emotions in the Dreamscape, these objects have gained self-awareness. Those affected by negative emotions and having turned into feral monsters are referred to as the Dreamjolt Troupe.<section end="Sweet Dreams Troupe" />
* '''Switching to Acheron's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Acheron's POV..." />Acheron and Welt have reached an understanding, directly targeting The Family with their suspicion. What will they discover at Dewlight Pavilion?<section end="Switching to Acheron's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Aglaea's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Aglaea's POV..." />Aglaea begins a personal investigation after discovering that Okhema might have been infiltrated, pulling out the filth hidden in the nooks and crannies of the city...<section end="Switching to Aglaea's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Aventurine's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Aventurine's POV..." />Aventurine now has an understanding of the present situation. He's decided to honor the Oak Family head's invitation and meet the man, then reclaim his lost belongings as well as the power fitting for them...<section end="Switching to Aventurine's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Aventurine's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Aventurine's POV..." />Aventurine seems to have lost everything, but he still decides to hand out jewels and money on the street to make the most of what he has left. What is he trying to achieve...?<section end="Switching to Aventurine's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Aventurine's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Aventurine's POV..." />Aventurine seems convinced that he has obtained some key clues and victory is at hand. However, can he really last until the moment he climbs onto Clock Studios Theme Park's stage?<section end="Switching to Aventurine's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Boothill's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Boothill's POV..." />Boothill comes to an agreement with Dan Heng. They will now try to infiltrate the sweet dream and save their friends...<section end="Switching to Boothill's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Boothill's set...:''' <section begin="Switching to Boothill's set..." />Unbeknownst to everyone, the cosmic cowboy who became uncontactable is currently lurking in the shadows of the Dreamscape...<section end="Switching to Boothill's set..." />
* '''Switching to Feixiao's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Feixiao's POV..." />"Surround three and leave one." The Merlin's Claw initiates the hunt against the pack of wolves...<section end="Switching to Feixiao's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Firefly's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Firefly's POV..." />At this moment, a dexterous "stowaway" also boards the Radiant Feldspar...<section end="Switching to Firefly's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Herta's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Herta's POV..." />Herta is preparing at the space station to commune with Nous the Aeon, but it seems the process didn't go so well?<section end="Switching to Herta's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Jade's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Jade's POV..." />The meeting with Oti Alfalfa didn't start smoothly. Jade and Topaz are currently aboard the Radiant Feldspar discussing the strategy for the second half...<section end="Switching to Jade's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Jiaoqiu's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Jiaoqiu's POV..." />Dispatched by the general of the Yaoqing, Jiaoqiu and Moze enter The Shackling Prison to visit Hoolay, the borisin Warhead imprisoned there...<section end="Switching to Jiaoqiu's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Jiaoqiu's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Jiaoqiu's POV..." />Falling into the hands of the borisin, Jiaoqiu is trying to find a chance to survive... but it is not his own chance that he seeks.<section end="Switching to Jiaoqiu's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Lingsha's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Lingsha's POV..." />In The Shackling Prison, Lingsha, Dan Heng, and Jing Yuan are trying to discern clues from the borisin's attacks...<section end="Switching to Lingsha's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Lingsha's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Lingsha's POV..." />In Scalegorge Waterscape, Dan Heng and Lingsha are scheduled to meet with the Vidyadhara Preceptors...<section end="Switching to Lingsha's POV..." />
* '''Switching to March 7th's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to March 7th's POV..." />With the encouragement of General Huaiyan &mdash; deliberate or accidental notwithstanding &mdash; March 7th seized the unexpected opportunity to learn the art of Xianzhou swordsmanship and to perform in the Wardance ceremony...<section end="Switching to March 7th's POV..." />
* '''Switching to March 7th's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to March 7th's POV..." />On Huaiyan's orders, March 7th and Yunli board the Skysplitter, participating in the Wardance Ceremony as scheduled...<section end="Switching to March 7th's POV..." />
* '''Switching to March 7th's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to March 7th's POV..." />March 7th senses the signs of impending danger &mdash; the moment to test her swordplay has finally arrived...<section end="Switching to March 7th's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Mydei's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Mydei's POV..." />Mydei's people, the Kremnoans, seem to have other plans for the divine authority of Strife. Before overcoming the trial, he must first gain the trust of his people...<section end="Switching to Mydei's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Mydei's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Mydei's POV..." />Mydei has arranged all his affairs. Now, it is time to go home...<section end="Switching to Mydei's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Robin's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Robin's POV..." />Robin and Sunday decide to convince Gopher Wood, the Dreammaster, and their former benefactor &mdash; Hopefully, all goes well...<section end="Switching to Robin's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Robin's POV...?:''' <section begin="Switching to Robin's POV...?" />Penacony falls into temporary chaos due to the commotion at the Theme Park, and Robin(?) decides to use this opportunity to distribute her little gift...<section end="Switching to Robin's POV...?" />
* '''Switching to Sunday's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Sunday's POV..." />It's not just the guests who return to this beautiful dream &mdash;There is also the dream's "master"...<section end="Switching to Sunday's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Sunday's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Sunday's POV..." />The ascetic still gazes back at who they used to be, and the most weighty part of that identity will finally be parted...<section end="Switching to Sunday's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Topaz's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Topaz's POV..." />Meanwhile, Topaz boards a certain luxurious airship in Penacony, awaiting the beginning of an important meeting...<section end="Switching to Topaz's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Tribbie's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Tribbie's POV..." />Tribbie realized that Trianne, currently located at the Grove of Epiphany, had opened the Century Gate once again. Tribbie is now deeply anxious...<section end="Switching to Tribbie's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Tribbie's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Tribbie's POV..." />In order to reconcile the Kremnoans and the Okhemans, Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon decided to visit the Titan and retrieve their memories...<section end="Switching to Tribbie's POV..." />
* '''Switching to Yunli's POV...:''' <section begin="Switching to Yunli's POV..." />On the Skysplitter, the atmosphere of an impending storm makes Yunli anxious and uneasy...<section end="Switching to Yunli's POV..." />
* '''Synesthesia Dreamscape:''' <section begin="Synesthesia Dreamscape" />A unique manifestation of organic mental disorder, closely linked to memoria breaches. Countless dreams intersect and merge here, enabling individuals to meet in the dream world and even embark on entirely new lives.<section end="Synesthesia Dreamscape" />
* '''Tayzzyronth:''' <section begin="Tayzzyronth" />The deceased ancient Aeon who presided over the Path of Propagation. As the last member of the Coleoptera, Tayzzyronth's form was a horror of self-replication, a vanguard what opened the floodgates of infinite reproduction upon worlds. Tayzzyronth &mdash; Tayzzyronths rather &mdash; fluttered across the universe until THEIR advances were halted by gods.<section end="Tayzzyronth" />
* '''Technique:''' <section begin="Technique" />In exploration, characters can use Techniques outside of combat. There are multiple types of Techniques, such as Defense, Impair, Support, Restore, Surprise Attack, Enhance, and more. Use Techniques to gain an advantage for your team when exploring.<section end="Technique" />
* '''Ten-Lords Commission:''' <section begin="Ten-Lords Commission" />The commission responsible for supervising and regulating the longevity and laws of the long-life species on the Xianzhou Alliance. They are tasked with guiding the Xianzhou natives who are on the verge of being stricken with mara, and apprehending long-life species who have committed the Ten Unpardonable Sins.<section end="Ten-Lords Commission" />
* '''Terminus:''' <section begin="Terminus" />The Aeon that moves backward in time and presides over the Path of Finality. An apparition that travels across the universe while murmuring a prophecy that is destined to be fulfilled.<section end="Terminus" />
* '''The Architects:''' <section begin="The Architects" />The worshipers of the Aeon of Preservation, Qlipoth. They follow in its footsteps to construct walls to protect their home planets. They believe the actions of their Aeon foretell an upcoming calamity that will bring an end to the cosmos.<section end="The Architects" />
* '''The Family:''' <section begin="The Family" />The residents of worlds that have received Xipe's blessing. They sing endlessly about their Aeon's generosity, and believe that the universe will eventually become a single harmonious entity.<section end="The Family" />
* '''The Hunt:''' <section begin="The Hunt" />The path presided over by the Aeon Lan. Decisive, ruthless, and vengeful actions are manifestations of the Path of The Hunt.<section end="The Hunt" />
* '''The Knights of Beauty:''' <section begin="The Knights of Beauty" />People who fervently praise the beauty of the Aeon Idrila. The skillful warriors among them formed the Knights of Beauty, which fell apart upon Idrila's disappearance.<section end="The Knights of Beauty" />
* '''The Mourning Actors:''' <section begin="The Mourning Actors" />Those who firmly resist the Path of Elation. They advocate for abstinence and penance to dilute the temptation of elation. Their powers come from blessings of the Aeon of Elation, Aha.<section end="The Mourning Actors" />
* '''The Nameless:''' <section begin="The Nameless" />The people who explore the universe together with the Aeon of Trailblaze. A group of brave and curious inter-galactic adventurers. The Nameless don't care about fame or profit. They continue to uphold the Path of Trailblaze even after Akivili's fall.<section end="The Nameless" />
* '''The Overworld:''' <section begin="The Overworld" />The part of Belobog that lies above ground, where the headquarters of the Architects are. Serves as the administrative, commercial, agricultural, and military center of Belobog.<section end="The Overworld" />
* '''The Preceptors:''' <section begin="The Preceptors" />A Vidyadhara elder with immense sway. Serves as the mentor to the high elders' succession and the executioner of high elders who had fallen into Dragon's Delirium.<section end="The Preceptors" />
* '''The Reverie Hotel:''' <section begin="The Reverie Hotel" />A surreal and luxurious intergalactic resort, serving as a prominent landmark in Penacony. It serves as a haven for galactic travelers and stands as the exclusive gateway to the Dreamscape, a hedonistic paradise.<section end="The Reverie Hotel" />
* '''The Riddlers:''' <section begin="The Riddlers" />While the History Fictionologists are dedicated to the mystification of history, the Riddlers are devoted to undermining the clarity of languages. They deconstruct texts, create metaphors, alter word order, and tamper with definitions so as to disorganize the originally precise languages.<section end="The Riddlers" />
* '''The Shackling Prison:''' <section begin="The Shackling Prison" />The prison system used in the Xianzhou Alliance to incarcerate and suppress criminals. The Shackling Prison on the Xianzhou Luofu is jointly constructed by the Xianzhou natives and the Vidyadhara, buried deep within the delves and beneath the abyssal waters.<section end="The Shackling Prison" />
* '''The Swarm:''' <section begin="The Swarm" />The clone army of the "Imperator Insectorum" Tayzzyronth. With the sole purpose of "propagation," it invades various planets in the universe &mdash; similar to a locust swarm.<section end="The Swarm" />
* '''The Swarm Disaster:''' <section begin="The Swarm Disaster" />Tayzzyronth, who amidst hatred and solitude ascended to become the Aeon of Propagation. Then, a vast "Swarm" swept across the universe.<section end="The Swarm Disaster" />
* '''The Underworld:''' <section begin="The Underworld" />The part of Belobog that lies underground. Miners make it their home and workplace. The rare Geomarrow ore deposits it offers supply heat energy for both the surface and underground.<section end="The Underworld" />
* '''The Xianzhou Alliance:''' <section begin="The Xianzhou Alliance" />An ancient union composed of many intelligent races. They commandeer Xianzhou to eliminate the Abominations of Abundance.<section end="The Xianzhou Alliance" />
* '''Throne of Worlds, Kephale:''' <section begin="Throne of Worlds, Kephale" />The Worldbearing Titan. Kephale was entrusted by the gods with the burden of carrying life. They relinquished their throne of dominion over the world, solely to leave a glimmer of light for humanity.<section end="Throne of Worlds, Kephale" />
* '''Tingyun:''' <section begin="Tingyun" />Amicassador of the Sky-Faring Commission of the Xianzhou Luofu. She travels with business delegates, forging trade relationships and alliances with many worlds.<section end="Tingyun" />
* '''Tingyun:''' <section begin="Tingyun" />Amicassador of the Xianzhou Luofu's Sky-Faring Commission. After a devastating encounter with a Lord Ravager, she was left broken in both body and spirit, only to be saved by a genius, turning misfortune into blessing, and reentering the fray.<section end="Tingyun" />
* '''Titans:''' <section begin="Titans" />The Titans of Amphoreus are the forces that sustain the heavens and the earth, the fates flowing from ancient times to the present, and the rules governing all things in the world. Mortals live within their joys and sorrows &mdash; knowledge, war, love, life, and death are all deeply entwined with their divine authority.<section end="Titans" />
* '''Topaz:''' <section begin="Topaz" />Senior Manager of the Strategic Investment Department in the Interastral Peace Corporation, and leader of the Special Debts Picket Team. Already a member of the "Ten Stonehearts" at a young age, Topaz's Cornerstone is the "topaz of debt retrieval." She and Numby &mdash; her partner &mdash; are traversing the cosmos together, chasing down various debts and liabilities that negatively influence the IPC's commercial ventures.<section end="Topaz" />
* '''Traces:''' <section begin="Traces" />The tracks left by the travelers on their Path. The further they progress along their journey, the more apparent the miracles will be.<section end="Traces" />
* '''Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon:''' <section begin="Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon" />The Chrysos Heir of Janusopolis, the demigod of Passage, and the little messengers and priests of Okhema. The three of them, with their prophecy, lead the Chrysos Heirs forward, yet each of them bears different responsibilities.<section end="Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon" />
* '''Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon:''' <section begin="Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon" />The Chrysos Heir of Janusopolis, the demigod of "Passage." Once a demure and beautiful Holy Maiden, she had regressed to the form of a child. Such is the price she paid for the Coreflame. Trianne sacrificed herself in the Flame Reaver's attack. Her soul dissipated completely, and she turned into a doll that looks just like her.<section end="Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon" />
* '''Type:''' <section begin="Type" />Characters have their own Types. Attacking an enemy with a character whose Type matches the enemy's Weakness can give you an advantage in battle.<section end="Type" />
* '''Ultimate:''' <section begin="Ultimate" />Characters can unleash their Ultimate immediately after it becomes available. Unleashing an Ultimate does not consume the character's normal action during a turn. When an Ultimate is activated, characters can unleash Ultimate even if it's not their turn.<section end="Ultimate" />
* '''Veil of Evernight, Oronyx:''' <section begin="Veil of Evernight, Oronyx" />The Time Titan. Oronyx weaves the threads of time, upholding the past, present, and future of the world, ensuring the flow of all things.<section end="Veil of Evernight, Oronyx" />
* '''Watchmaker:''' <section begin="Watchmaker" />A legendary figure known as the Father of Penacony and the founder of the Dreamscape. However, his true identity remains a mystery.<section end="Watchmaker" />
* '''Watchmaker:''' <section begin="Watchmaker" />The legendary tycoon of Penacony, Mikhail Char Legwork. A former Nameless. He spent his life battling the villains lurking within The Family, and on his deathbed, he extended an invitation to the entire Cosmos, all to fulfill his unfinished business.<section end="Watchmaker" />
* '''Watchmaker:''' <section begin="Watchmaker" />A legendary figure known as the Father of Penacony. His real name is Mikhail and is now regarded as a traitor by The Family.<section end="Watchmaker" />
* '''Weakness Break: Fire:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Fire" />Using Fire attacks to trigger Weakness Break will deal Fire DMG and apply Burn effect. Burn deals Fire DoT.<section end="Weakness Break: Fire" />
* '''Weakness Break: Ice:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Ice" />Using Ice attacks to trigger Weakness Break will apply Frozen. Frozen prevents enemies from taking actions and deals Ice DoT.<section end="Weakness Break: Ice" />
* '''Weakness Break: Imaginary:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Imaginary" />Using Imaginary attacks to trigger Weakness Break will apply Imprisonment. Imprison delays enemy's action and reduces enemy SPD.<section end="Weakness Break: Imaginary" />
* '''Weakness Break: Lightning:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Lightning" />Using Lightning attacks to trigger Weakness Break will deal Lightning DMG and apply Shock effect. Shock deals Lightning DoT.<section end="Weakness Break: Lightning" />
* '''Weakness Break: Physical:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Physical" />Using Physical attacks to trigger Weakness Break will deal Physical DMG and apply Bleed effect. Bleed deals Physical DoT.<section end="Weakness Break: Physical" />
* '''Weakness Break: Quantum:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Quantum" />Using Quantum attacks to inflict Weakness Break will deal Quantum DMG and cause Entanglement. Entanglement causes enemy actions to be delayed and deals Quantum Additional DMG during the enemy's next action. When the enemy is hit, this extra DMG will increase.<section end="Weakness Break: Quantum" />
* '''Weakness Break: Wind:''' <section begin="Weakness Break: Wind" />Using Wind attacks to trigger Weakness Break will deal Wind DMG and apply Wind Shear effect. Wind Shear deals Wind DoT.<section end="Weakness Break: Wind" />
* '''Welt Yang:''' <section begin="Welt Yang" />A senior member of the Crew. The passion in his heart burns for another long and enjoyable adventure. Occasionally, he might draw the experiences of his journey in a sketchbook.<section end="Welt Yang" />
* '''Wildfire:''' <section begin="Wildfire" />A grassroots organization based in the Underworld of Belobog. Formed voluntarily with the aim of maintaining order in the underground.<section end="Wildfire" />
* '''Xianzhou:''' <section begin="Xianzhou" />Xianzhou was originally a fleet dispatched by a primeval imperium to search the cosmos for "celestial traces."<section end="Xianzhou" />
* '''Xipe:''' <section begin="Xipe" />An Aeon that hails from multiple harmonious celestial worlds. They preside over the Path of Harmony. They are the amalgamation of thousands of entities that preaches the joy of human harmony and unity.<section end="Xipe" />
* '''Xueyi:''' <section begin="Xueyi" />Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission, which controls life and death on the Luofu. She inhabits a puppet body to return to the world and carry out her missions.<section end="Xueyi" />
* '''Yanqing:''' <section begin="Yanqing" />General Jing Yuan's retainer. A gifted swordsman who hasn't even come of age. No one can best Yanqing when he holds a sword in hand.<section end="Yanqing" />
* '''Yaoguang:''' <section begin="Yaoguang" />The Arbiter-General of the Xianzhou Yuque, known as the Seer Strategist, oversees its military discipline. A non-martial general rarely seen in person within the Alliance, constantly operating from the shadows and divining for the Marshal.<section end="Yaoguang" />
* '''Yaoshi:''' <section begin="Yaoshi" />The nurturer of all beings and the Aeon of paradise. THEIR aim is the continual proliferation of life. Yaoshi presides over the Path of Abundance and is the sworn enemy of Lan, Aeon of The Hunt.<section end="Yaoshi" />
* '''Yukong:''' <section begin="Yukong" />Head of the Sky-Faring Commission on the Xianzhou Luofu. Yukong was a seasoned pilot and a deadshot. Since heading up the commission, she's been buried under mountains of paperwork.<section end="Yukong" />
* '''Yunli:''' <section begin="Yunli" />A Zhuming swordmaster visiting the Xianzhou Luofu. General Huaiyan's beloved adopted granddaughter. She offers no pretenses for warriors who are lacking in virtue and love to claim the weapons of her defeated foes.<section end="Yunli" />