<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Exhibit Replica: Trailblazer's Ball Bat#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8001223
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Exhibit Replica Trailblazer's Ball Bat.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = Belobog's History and Culture Museum will be opening soon. Uldan is collecting appropriate exhibits to ensure a successful opening.<br />You have shown Boris how to wield the baseball bat in combat, allowing him to make a replica.
|characters    = Boris; Trailblazer; Uldan
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[History and Culture Museum]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = History and Culture Museum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Exhibit Replica: Trailblazer's Ball Bat''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]] in the chapter [[Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities]].

==Steps==
# Find out more about the situation from Uldan
# Speak with Boris
# Demonstrate to Boris how you use the weapon
# Place the exhibit at the specified spot

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find out more about the situation from Uldan{{subst:void|<!--800122301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=History and Culture Museum|Belobog's History and Culture Museum will be opening soon. Uldan is collecting appropriate exhibits to ensure a successful opening.<br />This time, Boris hopes that you could show him how you wield the baseball bat in combat to help him make a replica.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Uldan)
:'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer), you're right on time. Boris is looking for you.
::'''Uldan:''' If you're free, head over to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|museum workshop}} and pay him a visit.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|?}} About the portrait of Cyrille the Fool...
::::'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer)... Did you say that the description of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Cyrille the Fool's}} portrait deviated from the truth?
::::'''Uldan:''' But... how's that possible? The description is taken from the history textbooks of the Belobog Academy. Everything is in black and white.
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I met Cyrille before.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Well... Stop pulling my leg.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Still, I can tell you have at least heard of Cyrille from your tone.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have evidence that supports Cyrille.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Since you sound so sure of yourself, I'll take a look at your evidence.
::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 800122503,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 278713946
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"KeepDisplay": true,
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122739,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122740,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122741,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122742,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800122502"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	}
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll go ahead and tour now.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Boris{{subst:void|<!--800122302-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Boris)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501190201-->)
::'''Boris:''' Hey, who are you? This is the restoration room of the museum, nothing here is on display...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pela sent me to help.
:::'''Boris:''' Miss Pela sent you to help...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm the hero of Belobog.
:::'''Boris:''' The hero of Belobog...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm (Trailblazer).
:::'''Boris:''' (Trailblazer)...
::'''Boris:''' Oh, now I remember! Haha, my forgetfulness!
::'''Boris:''' Pleased to meet you, I'm the museum's artifact restorer, Boris! So sorry for not recognizing you earlier.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501190201-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190211,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Boris:''' Are you... looking to have a chat with me?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Demonstrate to Boris how you use the weapon{{subst:void|<!--800122303-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Boris)
:'''Boris:''' Ha, there you are! Are you ready?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready to give a combat demonstration.
:'''Boris:''' Haha, thank you! Allow me to observe!
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Flamespawn*3; Frostspawn*2}}
:'''Boris:''' Thank you so much, Hero of Belobog, (Trailblazer). You've done a real solid for me here!
:'''Boris:''' I put together something to thank you. Go ahead and take it!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Place the exhibit at the specified spot{{subst:void|<!--800122305-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:An oil painting depicting the Administrative District in its full majesty.
:The Administrative District depicted in the painting is much larger than you remember. Maybe it's because there are many places off-limits to you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Exhibit Replica: Trailblazer's Ball Bat
|zhs  = 藏品复刻•开拓者的棒球棍
|zht  = 館藏復刻•開拓者的棒球棍
|ja   = 収蔵品復刻・開拓者のバット
|ko   = 소장품 복각•개척자의 야구 방망이
|es   = Réplica de objeto: bate de béisbol {{MC|f=de la|m=del}} Trazacaminos
|fr   = Reproduction de pièce d'exposition&nbsp;: Batte de baseball {{MC|m=du pionnier|f=de la pionnière}}
|ru   = Копирование экспонатов: Бейсбольная бита Первопроходца
|th   = โมเดลจัดแสดง: ไม้เบสบอลของผู้บุกเบิก
|vi   = Phục Chế Vật Sưu Tập - Gậy Bóng Chày Của Nhà Khai Phá
|de   = Replikat: Ballschläger des Trailblazers
|id   = Replika Koleksi: Tongkat Bisbol Trailblazer
|pt   = Réplica de Obras: Taco dos Desbravadores
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
