<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Exhibit Restoration: Automaton Control Terminal#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8001207
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Exhibit Restoration Automaton Control Terminal.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = Belobog's History and Culture Museum will be opening soon. Uldan is collecting appropriate exhibits to ensure a successful opening.<br />You have helped Exhibit Restorer Boris restore the automaton control terminal, adding another valuable piece to the museum's collection.
|characters    = Boris; Trailblazer; Uldan
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[History and Culture Museum]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = History and Culture Museum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Exhibit Restoration: Automaton Control Terminal''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]] in the chapter [[Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities]].

==Steps==
# Find out more about the situation from Uldan
# Help Boris with restoring exhibits
# Restore exhibits
# Report to Boris
# Place the exhibit at the specified spot

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find out more about the situation from Uldan{{subst:void|<!--800120701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=History and Culture Museum|Belobog's History and Culture Museum will be opening soon. Uldan is collecting appropriate exhibits to ensure a successful opening.<br />Boris, the restorer of the museum, seems to be troubled. Go and find him at the restoration room.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Uldan)
:'''Uldan:''' You again, (Trailblazer). You're just in time: The {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|museum workshop}} has just received a batch of artifacts that need restoring.
::'''Uldan:''' Give them a hand if you're free. Head over and talk to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Boris}} &mdash; it's his area of expertise, and he'll fill you in with exactly what needs to be done.
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|?}} About the portrait of Cyrille the Fool...
::::'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer)... Did you say that the description of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Cyrille the Fool's}} portrait deviated from the truth?
::::'''Uldan:''' But... how's that possible? The description is taken from the history textbooks of the Belobog Academy. Everything is in black and white.
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I met Cyrille before.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Well... Stop pulling my leg.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Still, I can tell you have at least heard of Cyrille from your tone.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have evidence that supports Cyrille.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Since you sound so sure of yourself, I'll take a look at your evidence.
::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 800122503,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 278713946
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"KeepDisplay": true,
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122739,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122740,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122741,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122742,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800122502"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	}
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll go ahead and tour now.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Help Boris with restoring exhibits{{subst:void|<!--800120702-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Boris)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501190201-->)
::'''Boris:''' Hey, who are you? This is the restoration room of the museum, nothing here is on display...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pela sent me to help.
:::'''Boris:''' Miss Pela sent you to help...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm the hero of Belobog.
:::'''Boris:''' The hero of Belobog...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm (Trailblazer).
:::'''Boris:''' (Trailblazer)...
::'''Boris:''' Oh, now I remember! Haha, my forgetfulness!
::'''Boris:''' Pleased to meet you, I'm the museum's artifact restorer, Boris! So sorry for not recognizing you earlier.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501190201-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190211,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Boris:''' Are you... looking to have a chat with me?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Restore exhibits{{subst:void|<!--800120703-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Report to Boris{{subst:void|<!--800120704-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Place the exhibit at the specified spot{{subst:void|<!--800120705-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:An oil painting depicting the Administrative District in its full majesty.
:The Administrative District depicted in the painting is much larger than you remember. Maybe it's because there are many places off-limits to you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Exhibit Restoration: Automaton Control Terminal
|zhs  = 藏品修复•自动机兵操作终端
|zht  = 館藏修復•自動機兵操作終端機
|ja   = 収蔵品修復・自動機兵操作端末
|ko   = 소장품 수리•자동 기갑병 조종 단말 장치
|es   = Restauración de objeto: terminal de control autómata
|fr   = Restauration de pièce d'exposition&nbsp;: Terminal de contrôle d'automate
|ru   = Реставрация экспонатов: Терминал автоматона
|th   = ซ่อมแซมวัตถุจัดแสดง: เทอร์มินัลควบคุม Automaton
|vi   = Chỉnh Sửa Vật Sưu Tập - Bộ Điều Khiển Cỗ Máy Tự Động
|de   = Restauration: Kontrollterminal für Automaton
|id   = Perbaikan Koleksi: Terminal Kontrol Automaton
|pt   = Restauração de Obras: Terminal de Controle de Autômato
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
