<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hiring Guides: Hook#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8001253
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hiring Guides Hook.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = The Belobog History and Culture Museum is about to open, but there is a shortage of guides. Pitch-Dark Hook the Great decides to provide immediate support to the museum in order to expand the Moles' portfolio into the Overworld.
|characters    = Clara; Eris; Hook; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hiring Guides: Hook''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]] in the chapter [[Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities]].

==Steps==
# Head to Boulder Town to find Hook
# Head to the Belobog History and Culture Museum to find Eris
# Start the interviews in the museum's rest area

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Head to Boulder Town to find Hook{{subst:void|<!--800125301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|The Belobog History and Culture Museum is about to open, but there is a great lack of guides. To rapidly fill up these positions and improve the visitor experience, Pela and Eris are inviting all Belobog citizens to apply for these positions.<br />This time they have their eye on the boss of The Moles, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great. Head to Boulder Town in their stead, and see whether Pitch-Dark Hook the Great is interested in the position.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Hook)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501030401-->)
::'''Hook:''' Mm-hmm! Another peaceful day in Boulder Town!
::'''Hook:''' ...
::'''Hook:''' Hmm...
::'''Hook:''' Uhh...
::'''Hook:''' ...It's all thanks to us Moles!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
:::'''Hook:''' Need you even ask? I'm here to see the sights!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The great Hook is certainly in high spirits.
:::'''Hook:''' Hmph, I'm not the boss of The Moles without reason!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's all thanks to us Moles!
:::'''Hook:''' That's right! The Moles are the greatest!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's the best you could come up with...?
:::'''Hook:''' You say something then! You think you can do better than Hook!?
::'''Hook:''' Oh? If it isn't the honorary member of The Moles, (Trailblazer)!
::'''Hook:''' Impudence! Ignoring the presence of Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
::'''Hook:''' But I'm in a good mood today, so you're off the hook! (No pun intended.) How can I help you, honorary member?
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501030401-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501030466
}</pre>
::'''Hook:''' How can I help you, honorary member?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Belobog History and Culture Museum to find Eris{{subst:void|<!--800125302-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Eris)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByIfGroupIsOccupied","GroupID":35,"Inverse":true}-->}})
::----
::'''Hook:''' Wow, it's so big in here! It feels... It feels like ten clinics put together!
::'''Hook:''' What happens next? Don't tell me we've already started playing volunteers?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Miss Eris, here's a resume.
::'''Eris:''' Hello, (Trailblazer)! I see you've got the company of a lovely kid today.
::'''Hook:''' I'm not a kid! I'm Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
::'''Eris:''' Hehe, are you here to be a volunteer guide too? I'll have Pela look at your resume. Please wait here.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_clara_walk_near"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Clara:''' Here we are again, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer) and... Pitch-Dark Hook the Great?
::'''Hook:''' Eh? Aren't you Clara, one of our honorary members? Are you here to be a volunteer too?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you here? Where's Pela?
:::'''Clara:''' ... Pela asked me to help conduct the interview today...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you here to be a volunteer too?
:::'''Clara:''' Yup... That's right. By the way, Pela asked me to help conduct the interview today...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why can't she be here herself?
:::'''Clara:''' She has other matters to attend to...
:::'''Clara:''' Still, she checked Hook's resume and thought she was a good fit... So, she entrusted the rest of the process to me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thanks, Clara.
:::'''Clara:''' It's no problem. I'm glad to be able to help Pela out.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a bad feeling about this...
:::'''Clara:''' Um... There... shouldn't be any problem! Although I have no experience giving interviews, I'll do my best.
::'''Clara:''' Anyway... let's head to the lounge first. The interview will be held there.
::'''Clara:''' By the way, Pela has also appointed {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer) as the assistant assessor of the interview...
::'''Clara:''' So... this is going to take up some of your time, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's fine. I'd love to help.
:::'''Clara:''' Oh, thank you so much, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's fine. I'm used to it...
:::'''Clara:''' I'm... sorry for imposing this on you!
::'''Clara:''' Well, let's start the interview when you're ready, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer). We'll wait for you here.
::'''Hook:''' Although I'm not sure what all this is about, I'll wait for you with Clara!
::----
;(Otherwise)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190301
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Start the interviews in the museum's rest area{{subst:void|<!--800125303-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Clara)
----
:'''Clara:''' Oh, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer) is here! Are you ready?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's begin.
::'''Clara:''' Great! Let's do it.
::<!--0.5-second delay-->
::'''Hook:''' So, what exactly is an interview? Can't I just become that vo&mdash;volunteer directly?
::'''Clara:''' I'm not sure about it either... According to Pela, an interview is a way to find out whether a person is suitable for a job through a face-to-face conversation.
::'''Hook:''' So that's just chatting, right? That's great!
::'''Clara:''' Um... Not exactly...
::'''Hook:''' Take it easy, Clara! I fully understand what an interview is all about. Let's get started!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Clara, don't be nervous!
:::'''Clara:''' Okay... I'm fine...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is getting weird...
:::'''Clara:''' It.. it should be fine. I'll give it my all!
::'''Clara:''' ...Eh? It doesn't feel right for me to say this.
::'''Clara:''' Anyway... I'll start asking questions about your resume. Are you ready?
::'''Hook:''' Wait a minute, Clara! Even though we are in the Overworld, you should still address me properly as Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
::'''Clara:''' ...Huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hook the Great is right!
:::'''Clara:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer), even you are chirping in...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Huh?
:::'''Clara:''' This isn't what I expected...
::'''Hook:''' Hmm, seems like you're a little nervous. I'll take over this in-interview from here!
::'''Hook:''' Please listen to the questions carefully, Clara! Question One: Why do you want to be a volunteer guide at the museum?
::'''Clara:''' Well...
::'''Clara:''' What should I do, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Answer Hook the Great's questions &mdash; truthfully!
:::'''Hook:''' Exactly, Clara. Just answer truthfully, and don't be scared! We're just having a casual conversation here!
:::'''Clara:''' Eh!? Is this how the interview should be conducted... Fine...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should try to take back control of the interview...
:::'''Clara:''' Ah... {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer) is right! I should think of a way...
:::'''Hook:''' Don't interrupt her train of thought, honorary member! What if Clara gets even more nervous?
:::'''Hook:''' Take it easy, Clara... Just answer truthfully, and don't be scared! We're just having a casual conversation here!
:::'''Clara:''' Eh... O&mdash;Okay then...
::'''Clara:''' In fact, it's because I helped Pela and {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer) to solve the missing exhibits case before...
::'''Clara:''' Pela recognized my ability, so she suggested that I work as a volunteer guide here...
::'''Hook:''' As the leader of The Moles, I didn't even know about this... I have neglected my responsibilities!
::'''Hook:''' Anyway, this case indirectly manifests your talent! Since you were able to help find the missing exhibits, I'm sure you will ace it as a volunteer guide!
::'''Hook:''' Now, the next question! Are you aware of the duties of a volunteer guide?
::'''Clara:''' Well...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please share what you know. I'm sure you know more than Hook the Great!
:::'''Hook:''' Exactly! Just say whatever you want to share, Clara!
:::'''Hook:''' ...Hold on, (Trailblazer). What you just said didn't sound right to me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This interview is getting out of hand...
:::'''Hook:''' What are you talking about, (Trailblazer)? Isn't this what an interview is supposed to be like?
:::'''Hook:''' Nobody knows interviews better than me, believe me! So don't you worry!
::'''Clara:''' Um... The duties of a volunteer guide... Let me think...
::'''Clara:''' Firstly, I should respond to the questions and needs of the visitors promptly and help everyone to understand the museum and the exhibits. Secondly, I should take care of the exhibits and other public properties, as well as maintain the cleanliness of the exhibition hall. Thirdly...
::'''Hook:''' Well, that's a brilliant answer! I don't think you have to elaborate any further.
::'''Clara:''' Eh... Thank you, Ho- Sorry &mdash; it should be Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hook the Great is an amazing interviewer!
:::'''Hook:''' Hee-hee, I know I'm good! Clara's done a pretty good job too!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why did you thank her?
:::'''Clara:''' Sorry! I just blurted it out...
::'''Hook:''' Now, the next question...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What will the next question be?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are we still doing this!?
::'''Clara:''' Seems like there's no going back now...
::'''Hook:''' Well, let's call it a day. I'll announce the result now...
::'''Hook:''' Congratulations, Clara! I believe you will make a perfect volunteer guide!
::'''Clara:''' Umm, I'm already a volunteer...
::'''Hook:''' Isn't that even better? With the help of the Moles, this museum will soon be teeming with life!
::'''Clara:''' Well... You're right in a sense...
::'''Clara:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer), I'll take Hook with me to prepare her for the job. Thanks for being with us during the interview.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's no big deal.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are we sure that's how interviews should be done!?
:::'''Clara:''' I had my doubts. Still, Hook should be able to do the job well &mdash; at least that's what I think.
::'''Clara:''' Anyway, thanks for your help, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer). Please swing by if you are free.
::'''Hook:''' Remember to visit us, honorary member! Clara and I will wait for you!
::----
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Please give me a moment.
::'''Clara:''' Sure. Come back here when you're ready, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer).
::----
----
:'''Eris:''' Hello, (Trailblazer)! Pela and I have been screening prospective volunteer guides for the museum recently, and we've finally found the right candidate...
:'''Eris:''' Could you help us contact the chief of Boulder Town's Moles, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Hook}} &mdash; thanks, (Trailblazer)!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hiring Guides: Hook
|zhs  = 导览员募集•虎克
|zht  = 導覽員募集•虎克
|ja   = ガイド募集・フック
|ko   = 안내원 모집•후크
|es   = Reclutamiento de guías: Hook
|fr   = Recrutement de guides&nbsp;: Hook
|ru   = Наём экскурсоводов: Хук
|th   = รับสมัครไกด์: Hook
|vi   = Tuyển Hướng Dẫn Viên: Hook
|de   = Museumsführer gesucht: Hook
|id   = Perekrutan Pemandu: Hook
|pt   = Recrutamento de Guias Turísticos: Hook
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
