<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Road to Renewal: History-Culture Hall#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8001244
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Road to Renewal History-Culture Hall.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = You have recovered all the exhibits in the History-Culture Hall. Curator Uldan expresses his gratitude and offers payment for your work.
|characters    = Exhilarated Spectator; Pondering Spectator; Trailblazer; Uldan
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[History and Culture Museum]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = History and Culture Museum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*10; Lost Gold Fragment*5; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''Road to Renewal: History-Culture Hall''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]] in the chapter [[Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities]].

==Steps==
# Chat with Uldan

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Chat with Uldan{{subst:void|<!--800124401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=History and Culture Museum|All the exhibits in the History-Culture Hall seems to have been collected. Uldan the curator has something to tell you regarding that.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Uldan)
:'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer), you're our big hero. Do you know the History-Culture Hall has also been successfully set up with your help? This means that we can open the whole museum to the public!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateLevelAreas",
	"AssetPath": {
		"Value": "Level/Common_Adventure/MuseumShow.prefab"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateLevelAreas",
	"AssetPath": {
		"Value": "Level/Common_Adventure/ShowAreaAnchors.prefab"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MuseumShow",
	"AnchorName": "ShowCamera1",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	},
	"DisableProtectWhenBlending": true
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ChangeTrackVirtualCameraFollowAndAim",
	"AreaName": "MuseumShow",
	"TrackName": "MuseumShowTrack",
	"CameraName": "ShowCamera1",
	"TargetAreaName": "ShowAreaAnchors",
	"FollowTargetAnchorName": "ShowCase4",
	"LookAtTargetAnchorName": "ShowCase4"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.MoveVirtualCameraOnDollyPath",
	"AreaName": "MuseumShow",
	"AnchorName": "ShowCamera",
	"StartPoint": 0.48,
	"EndPoint": 0.47,
	"CurveName": "C_Story_DollyCamCurve_Line",
	"Duration": 3
}</pre>
::'''Pondering Spectator:''' I had no idea the Supreme Guardian had gone through this...
::'''Exhilarated Spectator:''' Is this the monster that invaded us 700 years ago?
::'''Uldan:''' I didn't expect this long-buried history would one day see the light of day, and the museum be brought back to life... This is all so unbelievable...
::'''Uldan:''' We owe this to you, (Trailblazer). You are the true Hero of Belobog. You deserve that title.
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "ShowAreaAnchors"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "MuseumShow"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|?}} About the portrait of Cyrille the Fool...
::::'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer)... Did you say that the description of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Cyrille the Fool's}} portrait deviated from the truth?
::::'''Uldan:''' But... how's that possible? The description is taken from the history textbooks of the Belobog Academy. Everything is in black and white.
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I met Cyrille before.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Well... Stop pulling my leg.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Still, I can tell you have at least heard of Cyrille from your tone.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have evidence that supports Cyrille.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Since you sound so sure of yourself, I'll take a look at your evidence.
::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 800122503,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 18096028862919064994
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122739
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122740
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122741
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122742
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800122502"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll go ahead and tour now.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Road to Renewal: History-Culture Hall
|zhs  = 复兴历程•历史文化展馆
|zht  = 復興歷程•歷史文化展館
|ja   = 復興歴程・歴史館
|ko   = 부흥의 길•역사 문화 전시관
|es   = Proceso de renovación: Sala de Historia y Cultura
|fr   = Sur la route du renouveau&nbsp;: Galerie de l'histoire et de la culture
|ru   = Путь реконструкции: Зал истории и культуры
|th   = เส้นทางสู่การฟื้นฟู: หอจัดแสดงด้านประวัติศาสตร์และวัฒนธรรม
|vi   = Thời Kỳ Phục Hưng - Khu Trưng Bày Văn Hóa Lịch Sử
|de   = Pfad zur Erneuerung: Geschichtsausstellung
|id   = Perjalanan Kebangkitan: Ruang Pameran Sejarah dan Budaya
|pt   = Estrada para a Renovação: Salão de História e Cultura
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
