<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Road to Renewal: General Hall Part 1#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8001241
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Road to Renewal General Hall Part 1.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = You have recovered half of the exhibits in the General Hall. Curator Uldan expresses his gratitude and offers payment for your work.
|characters    = Eager Spectator; Joyful Spectator; Trailblazer; Uldan
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[History and Culture Museum]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = History and Culture Museum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*10; Lost Gold Fragment*5; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''Road to Renewal: General Hall Part 1''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]] in the chapter [[Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities]].

==Steps==
# Chat with Uldan

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Chat with Uldan{{subst:void|<!--800124101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=History and Culture Museum|Half of the exhibits in the General Hall seems to have been recovered. Uldan the curator has something to tell you regarding that.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Uldan)
:'''Uldan:''' As you can see, the revival plan of the Belobog History and Culture Museum has been going well so far... With your help, the setup of the General Hall's main exhibition area is close to completion and can soon be opened to the public.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateLevelAreas",
	"AssetPath": {
		"Value": "Level/Common_Adventure/MuseumShow.prefab"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateLevelAreas",
	"AssetPath": {
		"Value": "Level/Common_Adventure/ShowAreaAnchors.prefab"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MuseumShow",
	"AnchorName": "ShowCamera",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	},
	"DisableProtectWhenBlending": true
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ChangeTrackVirtualCameraFollowAndAim",
	"AreaName": "MuseumShow",
	"TrackName": "MuseumShowTrack",
	"CameraName": "ShowCamera",
	"TargetAreaName": "ShowAreaAnchors",
	"FollowTargetAnchorName": "ShowCase1",
	"LookAtTargetAnchorName": "ShowCase1"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.MoveVirtualCameraOnDollyPath",
	"AreaName": "MuseumShow",
	"AnchorName": "ShowCamera",
	"StartPoint": 0.48,
	"EndPoint": 0.47,
	"CurveName": "C_Story_DollyCamCurve_Line",
	"Duration": 3
}</pre>
::'''Eager Spectator:''' Wow, this is amazing...
::'''Joyful Spectator:''' This has been my first time visiting the museum of Belobog...
::'''Uldan:''' This is the fruit of your effort. As the curator of the museum, I must express my gratitude to you personally.
::'''Uldan:''' Here is the reward you deserve.
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "ShowAreaAnchors"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "MuseumShow"
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|?}} About the portrait of Cyrille the Fool...
::::'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer)... Did you say that the description of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Cyrille the Fool's}} portrait deviated from the truth?
::::'''Uldan:''' But... how's that possible? The description is taken from the history textbooks of the Belobog Academy. Everything is in black and white.
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I met Cyrille before.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Well... Stop pulling my leg.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Still, I can tell you have at least heard of Cyrille from your tone.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have evidence that supports Cyrille.
:::::'''Uldan:''' Since you sound so sure of yourself, I'll take a look at your evidence.
::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 800122503,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 18096028862919064994
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122739
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122740
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122741
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122742
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800122502"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll go ahead and tour now.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Road to Renewal: General Hall Part 1
|zhs  = 复兴历程•综合展馆•其一
|zht  = 復興歷程•綜合展館•其一
|ja   = 復興歴程・総合館・その1
|ko   = 부흥의 길•종합 전시관•1
|es   = Proceso de renovación: Sala General&nbsp;I
|fr   = Sur la route du renouveau&nbsp;: Galerie principale (partie&nbsp;1)
|ru   = Путь реконструкции: Главный зал I
|th   = เส้นทางสู่การฟื้นฟู: หอจัดแสดงทั่วไป 1
|vi   = Thời Kỳ Phục Hưng - Khu Trưng Bày Tổng Hợp 1
|de   = Pfad zur Erneuerung: Hauptausstellung (Teil 1)
|id   = Perjalanan Kebangkitan: Ruang Pameran Umum (Bagian 1)
|pt   = Estrada para a Renovação: Salão Geral Parte 1
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
