<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Incubator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 10001-1
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_23.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Incubator''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Unknowable Domain]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Touch sensibility.
|result_1 = Has a chance to obtain a Component of 3-star rarity.

|choice_2 = Who am I?
|result_2 = Obtain 1 Component(s) of 3-star rarity.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hey! Where am I? Why are there so many people arguing inside my head?" As you put forth your inquiries, a wave of deep rage surfaces in your cognition, desiring destruction and the ruination of everything.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are now but a thread of consciousness. A thread of consciousness belonging to a perfect scholar. The members of the Intelligentsia Guild clamor ceaselessly next to your ears, arguing about the future, chaos, evolution, and languages. You listen to them murmur on and find their words meaningless.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This will be a model created by collecting data from the greatest scholars of the Guild and combining the details together into one. The Intelligentsia Guild estimates that, in the best case scenario, the first perfect scholar of the Intelligentsia Guild will be born.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the lead scholar initiates the experiment, a new electric current surfaces within the consciousness.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Touch sensibility. &mdash; Has a chance to obtain a Component of 3-star rarity.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The self. Some civilizations granted it the descriptor of "soul." Selves from different individuals exhibit massive differences. This difference determines the movement patterns and thought processes of the individual.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Therefore, one question must be considered.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Who am I? &mdash; Obtain 1 Component(s) of 3-star rarity.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The pursuit of the meaning of the self. I believe that it is repeating the process of becoming human." The scholar displays the digital incubator to the crowd.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Incubator
|zhs  = 培养皿
|zht  = 培養皿
|ja   = シャーレ
|ko   = 배양판
|es   = Incubadora
|fr   = Incubateur
|ru   = Инкубатор
|th   = จานเพาะเลี้ยง
|vi   = Lồng Ấp
|de   = Inkubator
|id   = Inkubator
|pt   = Incubadora
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}