{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall (II)
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Occurrence
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, you arrive at the docking bay of the Freon Mechanical Alliance. A mechanical attendant leads you up a staircase, which you notice is formed by numerous mechanical arms. You wobble as you walk on it. You keep going until you see the sign of "Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The scene is familiar to you... You walk up to the counter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This is the Mechanical Branch. You can bring your good stuff here and upgrade them." The mechanical staff doesn't bother to explain too much &mdash; a signal for you to make your own choice.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You feel like punching its head... but you manage to hold the urge back.
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -30 and 0 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Level up your Cognition.|Level up Ambergris Cheese, Casket of Inaccuracy, and Fruit of the Alien Tree.}}
::{{DIcon|Star}} Level up Ambergris Cheese. &mdash; Lose the Curio "Ambergris Cheese." Obtain the Curio "King of Sponges."
::;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Ambergris Cheese|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Ambergris_Cheese}} in exchange for the same number of random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|King of Sponges|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#King_of_Sponges}})
::{{DIcon|Star}} Level up Casket of Inaccuracy. &mdash; Curio Lost: Casket of Inaccuracy. Curio Obtained: Indecipherable Box.
::;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Casket of Inaccuracy|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Casket_of_Inaccuracy}} in exchange for the same number of random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Indecipherable Box|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Indecipherable_Box}})
::{{DIcon|Star}} Level up Fruit of the Alien Tree. &mdash; Curio Lost: Fruit of the Alien Tree. Curio Obtained: Rotting Fruit of the Alien Tree.
::;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Fruit_of_the_Alien_Tree}} in exchange for the same number of random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Rotting Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Rotting_Fruit_of_the_Alien_Tree}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Level up Ambergris Cheese. &mdash; Lose the Curio "Ambergris Cheese." Obtain the Curio "King of Sponges."
:;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Ambergris Cheese|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Ambergris_Cheese}} in exchange for the same number of random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|King of Sponges|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#King_of_Sponges}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Level up Casket of Inaccuracy. &mdash; Curio Lost: Casket of Inaccuracy. Curio Obtained: Indecipherable Box.
:;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Casket of Inaccuracy|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Casket_of_Inaccuracy}} in exchange for the same number of random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Indecipherable Box|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Indecipherable_Box}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Level up Fruit of the Alien Tree. &mdash; Curio Lost: Fruit of the Alien Tree. Curio Obtained: Rotting Fruit of the Alien Tree.
:;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Fruit_of_the_Alien_Tree}} in exchange for the same number of random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Rotting Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Rotting_Fruit_of_the_Alien_Tree}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall (II)
|zhs  = 星际和平机械分部商城（其二）
|zht  = 星際和平機械分部商城（其二）
|ja   = スターピースショッピングセンター・{{Rubi|機械支部|きかいしぶ}}（その2）
|ko   = 스타피스 기계 지점 상점 (2)
|es   = Centro comercial mecánico de la Paz Interastral (II)
|fr   = Centre commerciale mécanique de la Paix Interastrale (II)
|ru   = Торговый дом Механического филиала Межзвёздного мира II
|th   = ห้างจักรกลสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาวสาขาย่อย (2)
|vi   = Cửa Hàng Chi Nhánh Máy Móc Hành Tinh Hòa Bình 2
|de   = Interastrales Friedens-Einkaufszentrum – Mechanische Filiale (Teil 2)
|id   = Mall Interastral Peace Cabang Mekanik (2)
|pt   = Shopping da Filial Mecânica da Paz Interastral (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
