{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The *Perfect* Grand Challenge!
|image         = Random Event Toy.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''The *Perfect* Grand Challenge!''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Do you want to continue?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Embark on the challenge to become the "perfect man" for one time! &mdash; Spend 40 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Lose 40 Cosmic Fragments)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Perfect music that signals the start of the game blares off next to your ears...
::{{DIcon|Star}} A perfect man needs a "clay doll." &mdash; Chance of obtaining a random Curio. Chance of obtaining a random Negative Curio.
::;(Outcome 1, 50%)
:::;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The clay doll rises together with the claw... You've got it!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've won a *perfect* clay doll!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You want to continue playing, but the arcade machine has broken. Just come back next time.
::;(Outcome 2, 50%)
:::;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You slowly move the claw to your target... and lose your patience! You give the machine a vicious kick, hoping it can make the claw move faster!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Surprisingly, your powerful kick gives the voltage of the machine a surge! With a clank, the claw grabs a trendy *clay doll* by its head. It starts spinning out of control, twisting the figure's head!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The head of the clay doll explodes! Fireworks burst out from the head, and you watch the bizarre scene with your jaw on the floor.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Perfect... Perfect... The universe needs *perfection*!" The final program says.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You want to continue playing, but the arcade machine has broken. Just come back next time.
::{{DIcon|Star}} A perfect man needs a "popular gacha toy." &mdash; Low chance of obtaining a random Curio.
::;(Outcome 1, 40%)
:::;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The trendy gachapon figure rises with the claw... You've got it!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've won a *perfect* trendy gachapon figure!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You want to continue playing, but the arcade machine has broken. Just come back next time.
::;(Outcome 2, 60%)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The trendy gachapon figure rises with the claw...
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The trendy gachapon figure drops from the claw. You get nothing.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You want to continue playing, but the arcade machine has broken. Just come back next time.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; Something's afoot!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Before leaving, you give the perfect man a kick and trip over a stone... Irritated, you are certain it is another trick set up by the programmer!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = *完美*大挑战！
|zht   = *完美*大挑戰！
|ja    = ※完璧※大挑戦！
|ko    = *완벽한* 대도전!
|es    = ¡El gran desafío perfecto!
|fr    = Le grand défi *parfait* !
|ru    = *Идеальное* испытание
|th    = การท้าทายครั้งใหญ่ที่ *สมบูรณ์แบบ*
|vi    = Đại Khiêu Chiến *Hoàn Hảo*!
|de    = Die *perfekte* Herausforderung!
|id    = Tantangan Besar yang "Sempurna"!
|pt    = O Grande Desafio Perfeito!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
