<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Life Divergence (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26001
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Dolos.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 145
}}
'''Life Divergence (I)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Ignore the mistakes.
|result_1 = Consume 50 Cosmic Fragments and gain 4 Blessing(s) required for Equations. Chance of error is greatly increased

|choice_2 = Perform corrections.
|result_2 = Gain 150 Cosmic Fragments. There will be no more errors
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In the breeding records of the Caprists, you discover a statistical error. Creatures created in an environment with controlled temperatures show a deformity rate lower than its standard rates by 3% when their size expands.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' But you are fully aware that this is related to the current foundation of your research. Once this goes public, all existing academic progress will be destroyed.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Not to mention that the one who made the erroneous entry is a prominent scholar of the Grove. You look at the tiny critters multiplying before you, conflicted over whether to correct the error in the breeding scheme.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Ignore the mistakes. &mdash; Consume 50 Cosmic Fragments and gain 4 Blessing(s) required for Equations. Chance of error is greatly increased
::'''Simulated Universe:''' What's wrong with this data? It's already been in use for dozens of years. You must be the one who's wrong.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Perform corrections. &mdash; Gain 150 Cosmic Fragments. There will be no more errors
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your conclusion garners the support of many esteemed seniors, but your peers in your school grow more estranged from you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Life Divergence (I)
|zhs  = 生命分岔（其一）
|zht  = 生命分岔（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|人生|じんせい}}の{{Rubi|分|わ}}かれ{{Rubi|道|みち}}（その1）
|ko   = 생명의 갈림길(1)
|es   = Divergencia vital I
|fr   = Bifurcation de la vie (I)
|ru   = Расщепление жизни I
|th   = แบ่งแยกชีวิต (I)
|vi   = Ngã Rẽ Cuộc Đời (I)
|de   = Gabelung des Lebens (I)
|id   = Cabang Kehidupan 1
|pt   = Divergência da Vida (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}