{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 104-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Fuli;Oroboros;Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Unknown Event 104-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' What can you hear? All kinds of sounds are surging into your brain.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You steady your heartbeat and listen carefully to the odd sounds. They sound like animals, plants, and babies crying, but with a hint of maturity. The crying creatures fail to get any attention... No one cares about them although they are dying. Multiple invisible arms are collecting and capturing them in the void... Those moving shadows flicker in mid-air.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The odd sounds... Where is [[Fuli]]? As the delicate and intermittent sounds are drowned out by the sound of waves, you find yourself in the middle of the ocean! It is a sea of red...
:'''Oroboros:''' Yes, it's red! Under the scarlet sun, the ocean turns red! A beautiful and alluring singing voice comes from the choppy waves toward you... It is the Aeon's bait to lure you into a trap. The fanged and tentacled neck is as massive as the mountain and the sea, and its writhing flesh threatens to devour you.
:'''Oroboros:''' You know the flickering purple flames are not the antidote that can alleviate your anxiety, but you can't help being drawn to the gentle singing voice. The Aeon is an outright brutal Leviathan! It isn't a charming lover as powerful as the waves. You must resist the voice, but you just can't help it... You can't help... hoping to be eaten by them...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aeon of Voracity!?
::'''Herta:''' "Stop! I have paused the Simulated Universe. I didn't expect the Aeon of Voracity to be here!" [[Herta]] flicks your forehead and warns, "Stay away from them so that you won't be eaten. [[Oroboros]] isn't going to go around you. What a massive mouth they have! Let me admire it again."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your mind is pulled back to reality. When {{Color|Keyword|Oroboros}} is swallowing countless planets with their massive mouth, the clips of Remembrance split into endless fragments and flood your brain. It is a grand birth, accompanied by the wailing and roaring of all beings... They are the delicate and intermittent sounds you heard earlier!
::'''Herta:''' "Seems like Oroboros the Voracity opened their mouth when the spreading of the Swarm reached its peak in the universe. Not only did Oroboros devour countless heirs of [[Tayzzyronth]], but they also swallowed numerous worlds! The Propagation and the Voracity... They sound like arch-enemies to me."
::'''Herta:''' "And the Remembrance... Strangely, the memory fragments flood your brain even though there's no sight of Fuli. Now, it seems reasonable why some claim that the Path of Remembrance came about during this catastrophe to preserve the moment of the stars' demise. Yet, it is so reasonable that it sounds like it is made up by some History Fictionologist. Anyway, I'm intrigued."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to be eaten by them!
::'''Herta:''' "Stop! I have paused the Simulated Universe. You can't resist the temptation at all! I didn't expect the Aeon of Voracity to be here." Herta flicks your forehead and warns, "Stay away from them so that you won't be eaten. Oroboros isn't going to go around you. What a massive mouth they have! Let me admire it again."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your mind is pulled back to reality. When {{Color|Keyword|Oroboros}} is swallowing countless planets with their massive mouth, the clips of Remembrance split into endless fragments and flood your brain. It is a grand birth, accompanied by the wailing and roaring of all beings... They are the delicate and intermittent sounds you heard earlier!
::'''Herta:''' "Seems like Oroboros the Voracity opened their mouth when the spreading of the Swarm reached its peak in the universe. Not only did Oroboros devour countless heirs of Tayzzyronth, but they also swallowed numerous worlds! The Propagation and the Voracity... They sound like arch-enemies to me."
::'''Herta:''' "And the Remembrance... Strangely, the memory fragments flood your brain even though there's no sight of Fuli. Now, it seems reasonable why some claim that the Path of Remembrance came about during this catastrophe to preserve the moment of the stars' demise. Yet, it is so reasonable that it sounds like it is made up by some History Fictionologist. Anyway, I'm intrigued."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = 
|zhs   = 
|zht   = 
|ja    = 
|ko    = 
|es    = 
|fr    = 
|ru    = 
|th    = 
|vi    = 
|de    = 
|id    = 
|pt    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
