<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#(Trailblazer) Baby Seals Roster Update Notice#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 515
|partIds      = 190842
|title        = 
|image        = Item (Trailblazer) Baby Seals Roster Update Notice.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Official announcement from the (Trailblazer) Aquatics Club regarding their Baby Seal Team.
|part1        = (Trailblazer) Baby Seals Roster Update Notice
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''(Trailblazer) Baby Seals Roster Update Notice''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
After positive and respectful communication between the club and the player, and with full regard for the player's wishes, Bubble, (formerly known as Cybercampus), former chimera member of (Trailblazer) Water Sports Club's Baby Seal Team, has now officially completed their contract with the club and will depart effective immediately.

Since the beginning of the birth month of Phagousa, (Trailblazer) Club has seen a renewal of its Baby Seal players, continuing an undefeated streak from group stages to the elimination rounds. Bubbles joined (Trailblazer) Club as a core member at the start of the Seal Slammers competition. As one of the event's star players, Bubbles will certainly bring glory to the new team.

When the wind breaks through the waves, we shall boldly sail where no boat has sailed before.

No banquets last forever, and the exciting moments left on the field will be cherished forever. We thank Bubbles for their dedication and contributions to (Trailblazer) Club since the very beginning of the competition and extend our deepest gratitude to the fans for their unwavering support.

What has passed is but the prologue. We are grateful for the encounter, and parting holds no regrets.

Life is full of dreams, and everyone shines in their own way. We wish Bubbles a bright future and a successful career ahead.

Until we meet again, smiling, at the entrance to the next competition.

<div align="right">(Trailblazer) Water Sports Club Baby Seal Team</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = (Trailblazer) Baby Seals Roster Update Notice
|zhs  = (开拓者)小海豹战队选手变动公告
|zht  = (開拓者)小海豹戰隊選手變動公告
|ja   = (開拓者)のリトル・アザラシチーム選手変更について
|ko   = (개척자) 물범팀 선수 변경 공지
|es   = Aviso de cambio de alineación del equipo de foquitas de (Trazacaminos)
|fr   = Annonce sur le remaniement de l'équipe des bébés phoques de ({{MC|m=Pionnier|f=Pionnière}})
|ru   = (Первопроходец): Объявление о смене участников отряда «Маленькие тюлени»
|th   = ประกาศเปลี่ยนผู้เข้าแข่งขัน ของกลุ่มแมวน้ำ (ผู้บุกเบิก)
|vi   = Thông Báo Thay Đổi Tuyển Thủ Đội Hải Cẩu Nhỏ (Nhà Khai Phá)
|de   = Bekanntmachung über die Umbesetzung des Teams Seehündchen von (Trailblazer)
|id   = Pengumuman Perubahan Pemain Tim Anjing Laut Kecil (Trailblazer)
|pt   = Nota de Atualização do Esquadrão das Foquinhas de (Desbrava{{MC|m=dor|f=dora}})
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}