<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Study of the Citizens' Assembly#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 509
|partIds      = 190834
|title        = 
|image        = Item A Study of the Citizens' Assembly.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A comprehensive study on the evolution and mechanisms of Okhema's citizens' assembly, offering crucial insights into the city-state's political system.
|part1        = A Study of the Citizens' Assembly
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Study of the Citizens' Assembly''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Democratic politics has always fascinated citizens of different city-states in Amphoreus. When Okhema was first established, its democracy was limited to a privileged minority. However, through ongoing reforms, the Okheman citizens' assembly took to the stage, transforming Okhema's governance into a "democracy for all" &mdash; where the citizens' assembly made every major decision.

It's important to note that as the black tide draws near and citizens from other city-states join Okhema's political life, the precious rights of Okhema's original citizens are becoming increasingly diluted... Consequently, voices calling for reforms with the Okheman citizens' assembly system grew ever louder.

Democracy is only one of the consequences of civilization's development, rather than the cause of development. For democracy to be productive, it must appoint different rules for different societies, situations, and issues. No single rule can be optimal for all scenarios.

In other words, Okhema's citizens' assembly system will continue to evolve as this book is written. Due to time limitations, this publication focuses only on the current Okheman citizens' assembly, not its future developments. Readers should bear this limitation in mind.

'''{{Size|28|Citizens, Citizenship, and Citizenship Policies of Okhema}}'''<br />Before examining the Okheman citizens' assembly's operational mechanisms and core functions in-depth, we must first address the matter of citizens, citizenship rights, and citizenship policies of Okhema. The elders have once noted that Okhema is a collective of free citizens. Due to the substantial power citizens possess, citizenship qualifications must be strictly regulated to ensure citizens' rights.

Discussions on the recognition of naturalized citizens' rights were once the foci of disputations between the leader of the Chrysos Heirs and the Council of Elders. As more Amphorean city-states fell over time and as the black tide drew closer, citizenship rights reforms became imperative... Judging from the final outcome, citizens from all city-states have equal citizenship rights in the holy city and can have equal participation in public matters.

While social differences naturally exist &mdash; between rich and poor, locals and travelers &mdash; the holy city of Okhema would not allow these social distinctions to become political divisions and will ensure complete political equality among all citizens.

(Continued)

'''{{Size|28|Operational Mechanisms of the Citizens' Assembly}}'''<br />Barring emergencies, Okhema's citizens' assembly follows strict protocols when it is called. The current Council of Elders, a governmental entity made of representatives of the city-state, posts the upcoming citizens' assembly agenda and venue &mdash; usually Dawncloud in the holy city &mdash; at the Wall of Heroes before each meeting.

Usually, topics are proposed by Council of Elders members before the assembly and become official assembly items after receiving majority council approval. The Council pre-determines which matters to address and when. Once confirmed, the council chairman hands over the agenda to the Council of Elders's "Assembly Chair," who presides over the meeting.

Normally, matters cannot be discussed at the citizens' assembly without prior council review. Council-reviewed matters yield only two outcomes: Either they're already thoroughly discussed and only need citizen votes, or they require citizens to hold debates to reach final resolutions during the assembly.

Results are tallied using pottery shards blessed with {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}'s runes, with voting dolia placed throughout Okhema during assemblies. After thorough discussion and voting of all proposals, the Council of Elders posts approved decrees at the Wall of Heroes.

(Continued)

'''{{Size|28|Core Functions of the Citizens' Assembly}}'''<br />The assembly wields the important capacities of legislative power, the appointment of government officials, declaring war, conceding peace, and the actual control of armies during wartime.

Yet, historically and practically, Okhema's citizens' assembly isn't fully controlled and directed by "citizens," but rather a means to ensure that "elites" who represent the majority social interests can effectively manage social matters.

In other words, the current system where the leader of the Chrysos Heirs and the Council of Elders jointly manage Okhema was decided by the Okheman citizens' assembly system. Citizens influence policymakers through voting and other means of political participation rather than directly managing social affairs or making political decisions.

(Continued)

'''{{Size|28|Appendix: Principal Members of the Council of Elders}}'''<br />The Council of Elders is a governmental organization consisting of representatives from Amphoreus's city-states. While most are elected by their city-states, some receive direct invitations from current Council of Elders members. Authorized by the citizens' assembly, they manage various practical affairs within Okhema.

The most renowned honorary Elder is Lycurgus, an Antikytheran &mdash; a race that was already nearly extinct before the Chrysos War. He had communicated directly with {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} multiple times during the Era Chrysea and passed the wishes of mortals to Kephale, showing himself as a true "Theoros." Lycurgus's neutrality is well noted by all, which explains his frequent selection as the citizens' assembly chair.

Significantly, Elder Caenis has shown great effectiveness in Okhema's governance and gathered many followers. Many believe Caenis will leverage accumulated resources to challenge the current situation where the Chrysos Heirs hold real authority and transform Okhema's political structure.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Study of the Citizens' Assembly
|zhs  = 关于「公民大会」的考察
|zht  = 關於「公民大會」的考察
|ja   = 「民会」に関する考察
|ko   = 「시민 총회」에 관한 고찰
|es   = Investigación sobre la asamblea de ciudadanos
|fr   = Étude de l'assemblée citoyenne
|ru   = Исследование о народном собрании
|th   = การศึกษาเกี่ยวกับ "สมัชชาพลเรือน"
|vi   = Khảo Sát Về "Đại Hội Công Dân"
|de   = Eine Studie über die Bürgerversammlung
|id   = Penelitian Tentang "Sidang Warga"
|pt   = Estudo da Assembleia dos Cidadãos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}