<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A True History of the Daythunder Knight#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 536
|partIds      = 190865
|title        = 
|image        = Item A True History of the Daythunder Knight.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Historical notes penned by an anonymous author. The pages are covered with edits and corrections, suggesting the author struggled with their conclusions.
|part1        = A True History of the Daythunder Knight
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila
|factions     = 
}}
'''A True History of the Daythunder Knight''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''(The beginning of this section shows signs of having been erased and re-written, and the author's name has been intentionally removed.)''

If anyone reads this and finds that the historical truth differs greatly from their assumptions &mdash; don't be surprised. History is nothing more than the consensus of the living about the past. If a certain piece of history, by its very existence, causes harm to people... then those who choose to forget it should not be condemned as fools or cowards.

Daythunder Knight Seliose, usurper of Aquila's divine authority, Theos Synthetos of the sky. Such an incredibly powerful figure, and yet when she was a young girl, freshly cast out from the Skyfolk, she was nothing more than an ordinary girl forced into isolation. Within the large family, factional disputes were inevitable, and indeed, quarrels between the Sunfolk and the Rainfolk were frequent. But for the young Seliose, her true trouble lay in the fact that she bled golden blood.

Golden blood was both a mark of divine strength and a curse of being "other." The young girl grew weary of living a life where she constantly had to prove herself to others, so she embarked on a journey of wandering. In the silent wilderness, she encountered Lunabis and Solabis &mdash; beings unlike humans, with whom she quickly built trust, hunting, growing, and living together, taking them as her teachers to learn their arts and expanding her horizons.

True to her golden blood, after many years of study far from home, the young girl had grown into the unparalleled Daythunder Knight, and even Aquila in the sky dared not ignore her wings. Perhaps deep inside, she never wished to be a lonely paragon, or maybe her childhood ideal of saving the Skyfolk had never left her heart. Whatever the reason, as a powerful outsider, she returned to the tribes of the Skyfolk and declared that she would strike down Aquila &mdash; the Titan who was weak and cowardly &mdash; so that people's lives could enter a new stage, one filled with hope.

I often wonder... What if the Daythunder Knight hadn't desired to save the Skyfolk? Would things have turned out differently if she had simply struck down Aquila because she wanted to, without inviting her fellows &mdash; those who were so far apart from her in spirit &mdash; to share the victory? ...Could many of the tragedies that followed have been avoided? Perhaps the Skyfolk could have continued their old way of life, finding solace in the fallen Aquila. And perhaps, for the Daythunder Knight, letting them continue on their own path wouldn't have been much of a loss.

Unfortunately, history has no "what ifs." In my estimation, the Daythunder Knight's true wish may have been for all the Skyfolk to become proud and solitary knights like her. She sincerely wanted to love everyone equally using that lofty standard. But reality cruelly proved that, rather than becoming spiritual nobility, most Skyfolk were more disposed to become those of "no-ability." The more she despised Aquila, the more some began to worship her in the same way the previous generations had worshiped Aquila &mdash; except for the wording of their mottoes, nothing really differed.

As an outsider, she could only use extreme violence to control the very people she sought to save... much like a parent who, accustomed to hitting their children, can only express their distorted love through domestic violence (at least in her understanding, this was indeed a form of love).

''(The following text also shows signs of having been erased and rewritten.)''

When this brief biography was originally written, the situation wasn't yet beyond saving. But after today... I will be the last of the Skyfolk, and according to the agreement with her, I will search for new meaning for the history she has written in the future.

I don't know if I (or my descendants) will ever complete this mission... But if someone reads these notes, then I believe by that time, you may judge for yourself.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A True History of the Daythunder Knight
|zhs  = 阳雷骑士真传
|zht  = 陽雷騎士真傳
|ja   = 陽雷の騎士の真伝記
|ko   = 태양과 번개의 기사에 대한 진짜 이야기
|es   = La verdadera historia de la Caballera del Trueno Solar
|fr   = Véritable Histoire de la Chevaleresse d'orage diurne
|ru   = Наставления Солнцегрозицы
|th   = ตำนานอัศวินอสนีสุริยัน
|vi   = Chân Truyền Kỵ Sĩ Nắng Sấm
|de   = Eine wahre Geschichte über die Tagdonnerritterin
|id   = Sejarah Asli Kesatria Guntur Matahari
|pt   = Uma Verdadeira História da Cavaleira do Trovão Diurno
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}