<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Amphoreus Trailblaze log#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 476
|partIds      = 190787;190833
|title        = 
|image        = Item Amphoreus Trailblaze log.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 2
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A journal compiled by Dan Heng in his spare time. It records what he has experienced so far during his time in Amphoreus.
|part1        = (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Part II
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aglaea; Cerces; Fuli; Janus; Nikador; Oronyx
|factions     = Okhema; Stellaron Hunters
}}
'''Amphoreus Trailblaze log''' is a 2-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===(I)===
...

The Express suffered an attack from an unknown source, and we were forced to make an emergency stop at an unknown location that looked like a temple. Fortunately, there were no serious injuries. Looking at the buildings in the surrounding area, we were able to make an initial inference that this world contained civilized life. While exploring the temple, we made first contact with the people of Amphoreus. They called themselves the Chrysos Heirs and were in the area to rescue refugees headed to the "holy city" of Okhema. The two Amphoreans were quite remarkable. The Chrysos Heir named Tribbie was able to use a mysterious power of space-time replication to repair buildings. The Chrysos Heir Phainon boasted remarkable martial arts prowess, breaking my lance with a single strike.

We rushed to the holy city with the refugees, but the Strife Titan "Nikador" happened to launch a surprise attack upon our arrival. The Titans are the Gods worshiped by the Amphoreans. It is currently unknown as to whether they have any relation to the Aeons. The Titankin of Nikador are extremely ferocious. With the situation looking dire, we offered our assistance to Phainon. We defeated every Titankin that stood in our paths, protected the citizens, and finally faced the body of Nikador alongside Phainon. Throughout this process, we came to meet Chrysos Heirs known as Mydei and Castorice. Mydei's martial arts skill was similar to that of Phainon, and Castorice was able to take the life of others through a simple touch.

It seemed that the Nikador who took part in this attack was just one of the many manifestations of the Strife Titan. Phainon was unable to obtain the crucial Coreflame that they spoke of. The leader of the Chrysos Heirs, Aglaea, took us to Marmoreal Palace and had the bath sprite tell us the history of Amphoreus. We learned that the Twelve Titans created Amphoreus, but that this world was now under threat of extermination. The Titans have lost their minds, and the Chrysos Heirs must defeat them one-by-one to light the Coreflames and save Amphoreus.

Aglaea also wields a remarkable ability... Her golden thread had the ability to read people's minds. She made a strange request for us: To not expose our identity as visitors from beyond the sky to the people of Okhema. The "holy city" of Okhema is the only place of eternal daytime in this world of apocalyptic night. We explored the city and came to learn of the local customs, as well as collecting reliable information. However, March 7th's picture was unexpectedly leaked. Not only did this lead to her being heralded as the "Rosy Celestial Maiden" by the Okheman citizenry, it almost led to fatalities. However, we were able to rescue this citizen who was hell-bent on exploring the skies at the cost of exposing our identities as guests from beyond the sky. Unfortunately, this meant betraying our promise to Aglaea.

...

In the end, our luck ran out. The golden thread of Aglaea spreads across all of Okhema and news of these decisions eventually reaches her ears. The leader of the Chrysos Heirs finally exposed her ruthless and unfeeling side, threatening our lives and asking us again why we had come to Amphoreus. Though we passed her examination, our impression of Amphoreus had dropped considerably, and we even considered leaving for a new destination. However, as we followed Phainon and learned of the Chrysos Heirs' brutal journey to save their world, we finally decided to remain in Amphoreus.

After some recovery, the Chrysos Heirs reconvened once more. They prepared to begin a crusade against Castrum Kremnos, the city in which Nikador was located, and steal the Coreflame of the "Lance of Fury." (Trailblazer), Phainon, and Mydei all came to Castrum Kremnos. The once war-obsessed city that used to be filled with the sounds of blades and battle had now become a gloomy wasteland. Now, the insane Nikador loomed somewhere in the depths of this moving fortress.

While exploring Castrum Kremnos, (Trailblazer) and the others learned that Nikador had long since hatched a plan for a terrible attack on Okhema. They successfully fought their way to Nikador. However, they unexpectedly discovered that the Titan that was once known for their glory had, at some point, forged themself an immortal body and was trying to wield the "Blade of Fury" to pierce Okhema from afar. In this moment of crisis, Mydei managed to restrain Nikador alone as the others returned to Okhema to discuss a way to foil Nikador's plans.

Castorice discovered that Nikador's immortal body came from their betrayal of "death." In order to break this riddle that had been long buried in time, we headed to the Temple of the Three Fates located in the Abyss and attempted to use the power of Oronyx to replicate the past. However, Oronyx did not seem to welcome us. In fact, they attempted to stop us from reaching the temple depths using various puzzles and challenges. Their final puzzle was: To find something heavier than the "World's Destiny." We were able to pass this test with the help of March 7th's camera and a little trickery.

However, although we made it to Oronyx's location, the Time Titan still refused to provide their assistance. Considering that time was running out to rescue Mydei, Phainon considered just killing the Titan and taking the Coreflame by force. Just as tensions were reaching a peak, Oronyx's attitude seemed to change when they laid eyes on (Trailblazer). According to (Trailblazer), Oronyx showed {{MC|f=her|m=him}} a memory of the Stellaron Hunters... It was a memory that logically should not exist, yet it was extremely vivid. Inside this nonexistent memory, (Trailblazer) happened to catch the gaze of the Aeon of Remembrance, Fuli. Perhaps it was a gift from Oronyx, but at that moment, a mysterious creature named Mem appeared at {{MC|f=her|m=his}} side. Though {{MC|f=she|m=he}} suddenly seemed to grow... somber, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} fortunately snapped out of it quickly.

Having returned from the Abyss, we split up once again. Phainon and I went on to assist Mydei in his perilous battle. (Trailblazer), on the other hand, used the power gifted to them by Oronyx to collect memory fragments and find a way to visit the Castrum Kremnos of the past. With Castorice by their side, they would find a way to undo Nikador's immortality. At the same time, Aglaea was getting to work in Okhema dealing with Nikador's infiltration.

Having collected the memory fragments and successfully opened the gate to Castrum Kremnos' past, (Trailblazer) arrived in the ancient city. When they arrived, they discovered that the Kremnos Festival was in full swing and Nikador's descent into madness was just beginning. The city was yet still lively and bustling. In order to ensure the success of their plan, Castorice and (Trailblazer) decided to blend in with the festival and ended up forming a three-man team with a taciturn gladiator named Gnaeus before heading deep into the city. Collecting intel as they advanced, they vowed to restore Nikador's fractured mind, stop the birth of their immortal body, and restore the honor of the Strife Titan. What no one expected was that Gnaeus was actually a part of Nikador. Having learned of the suffering that awaits in the future, he fearlessly allowed himself to be integrated into Nikador's corrupted soul and made them whole again. Though we were able to undo their immortality, this also meant that the Titan stood before us in their ultimate form.

After a grueling battle, the "Lance of Fury" Nikador came to an end with the Chrysos Heirs' victory. After returning to Okhema and taking some time to recover, we witnessed the return of the Coreflame of Nikador. Phainon bid us a brief farewell before entering the Vortex of Genesis to undergo the trial of the Strife Titan's Coreflame. Through this trial, Phainon would obtain the powers of a demigod, while taking on the role of the corresponding Titan. I wish him success in this endeavor.

...

===Part II===
...

It's been a long while since Phainon entered the Vortex of Genesis for the Strife trial, leaving all Chrysos Heirs deeply concerned. When crisis struck during Phainon's Coreflame trial as we waited anxiously, we made the snap decision to join Castorice and Mydei in rescuing Phainon from possible peril.

(Trailblazer) and I became separated in this illusion. (Trailblazer) told me that {{MC|f=she|m=he}} travelled with Mydei and had seen the man's deepest fear, which was the blood-soaked glory of the Kremnos. As for me... I saw some visages of past lives too. Who would have thought that the trial of Strife would be a battle against your inner demons? It seems that {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}} is not the mad and tactless god told in legends.

We finally met up in the illusion of the trial after some fighting and found Phainon by following the sound of battle to the source of Strife. The man had almost lost control of himself due to the demons in his heart, and we saved him and extracted him from the trial. The failure of Phainon's Coreflame trial means the responsibility of bearing Nikador's divinity now falls to the lone crown prince of Kremnos &mdash; Mydei the Chrysos Heir. Yet, even as the orthodox heir to "Strife," Mydei seems to have an absurd extent of hesitation and objection to accepting the god's authority.

After ensuring Phainon's safety, (Trailblazer) and I retreated to the bath chamber to rest. We also drew our own conclusions about the present situation in the world of Amphoreus: The development of this world is entirely too bizarre. Neither the Titans nor the black tide seem like characteristics that should be present in a culture that developed organically. However, various signs point to the Stellaron not being the mastermind behind it all. The puzzles in this world require more "trailblazing" to explore and reveal.

...

Aglaea demonstrated genuine gratitude towards us for helping to defeat Nikador. She prepared a generous gift and invited (Trailblazer) and I to a discussion at the Hero's Bath, where she indicated she would like to ally with us. As we discussed the matter, we met Hyacine from the Twilight Courtyard, a healer who had concluded her work trip in Okhema. With Aglaea's suggestion, (Trailblazer) and Castorice decided to go back to the Grove together with this new friend and complete the diplomatic tasks given to them by Aglaea. I will, instead, stay at Okhema and tidy my notes. However, this trip to the Grove by (Trailblazer) is not as peaceful as we had imagined.

As they were about to head out, Trianne found someone at Okhema's outskirts who was wounded by the black tide and in critical condition. Hyacine had to temporarily remain in Okhema to look after this patient while Trianne, Castorice, and (Trailblazer) went ahead to the Grove of Epiphany, an esteemed academic institution worshiping {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}. However, when the three of them arrived at their destination, the Grove had long sunk into an eerie silence. (Trailblazer) and the others took some effort to enter the Grove only to discover that something was wrong in that place &mdash; The creatures of the black tide were wandering everywhere within the Grove.

I fear that the Grove is unlikely to survive unscathed after this calamity. A man named Anaxa was among the Chrysos Heirs stationed at the Grove, and he had left clues via alchemy and guided (Trailblazer)'s group into the depths of the Grove to check on Cerces's Coreflame. While they explored the location, they encountered a mysterious individual calling themselves Calypso. That person claimed to be the head of the Grove of Epiphany's Seven Sages and had saved Anaxa. However, after careful observation, Castorice exposed Calypso's true identity as {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}. Cerces admitted to this and asked (Trailblazer)'s group to help them reach Anaxa, so they could fuse the Coreflame again to catch the culprit behind the annihilation of the Grove &mdash; the nameless black-robed swordmaster.

After an intense battle, (Trailblazer)'s group safely returned to Okhema with Anaxa, and I learned about what happened at the Grove from Phainon. In fact, Phainon seemed rather odd when he mentioned that black-robed swordmaster. It was as if he had some history with that individual. Perhaps he will explain that connection to everyone in the future.

...

I can hardly believe it, but a Kremnoan named Krateros abducted Trinnon and tried to enter the Vortex of Genesis to accept Strife's trial. He failed and was apprehended on the spot by Aglaea. No wonder Mydei had been so hesitant on the subject of accepting the authority of Strife &mdash; Troubles remain within the Kremnoans as a people. Troubles that have not been solved. As to what those troubles are, I fear only Mydei would know. Meanwhile, despite being abducted, Trinnon expressed her understanding towards Krateros's anxiety. She decided to borrow Oronyx's power to restore Krateros' memories from ages past to soothe his unease.

...

While at the Abyss, the three Tribbie ladies encountered the black-robed swordmaster who destroyed the Grove &mdash; the Flame Reaver. At the cost of exhausting her divine power, Trianne sent Tribbie and Trinnon away from the battlefield. The heroes in the city then met up, after which we decided to split up. Hyacine and I went to look for Trianne's whereabouts, while Aglaea and Castorice remained in the city to prepare for a political crisis. The others prepared their strategies and headed to Castrum Kremnos to stop the Flame Reaver together. The Chrysos Heirs must all give their all when facing this unknown foe.

...

During this time, Mydei finally made up his mind and successfully passed the trial of the Coreflame, ascending into the demigod of Strife and making a lance throw that decided the battle's outcome at Castrum Kremnos, defeating the Flame Reaver completely. This campaign ended with the Chrysos Heirs' triumph. Mydei opted to return home alone and inherit the duty of fighting back the black tide from Nikador, becoming the shield for Okhema and all of Amphoreus.

Though we won the fight against the Flame Reaver, we have lost Trianne forever. At Trianne's funeral, Phainon made a request to Tribbie, hoping to witness the moment she first embarked on her Flame-Chase Journey. With the power of (Trailblazer), they journeyed to the past of the Abyss of Fate &mdash; to the sanctum of prophecy, Janusopolis. There, they witnessed how Tribios took the Coreflame of Passage, received Janus's divinity, and fled this Sanctum of Tripartite Prophecy that had held her captive for decades to pursue her destiny.

I'm not sure whether they were influenced by the beliefs of the Chrysos Heirs, but (Trailblazer) and Mem have volunteered to accept the trial of {{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}}. Though they are just passersby, they are willing to connect their destiny with that of the world they are travelling through. Perhaps this is trailblaze's inescapable fate...

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Amphoreus Trailblaze log
|zhs  = 翁法罗斯开拓日志
|zht  = 翁法羅斯開拓日誌
|ja   = オンパロス開拓日誌
|ko   = 앰포리어스 개척 일지
|es   = Diario trazacaminos de Amphoreus
|fr   = Journal de pionnier d'Amphoreus
|ru   = Журнал освоения Амфореуса
|th   = บันทึกการบุกเบิก Amphoreus
|vi   = Nhật Ký Khai Phá Amphoreus
|de   = Trailblaze-Protokoll von Amphoreus
|id   = Log Perintisan Amphoreus
|pt   = Registro de Desbravamento de Amphoreus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}