<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#An Old Journal#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 441
|partIds      = 190743
|title        = 
|image        = Item An Old Journal.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The journal of Lipos, the poet. Recorded within are Lipos' multitude of experiences during his journey to Okhema after his hometown was destroyed.
|part1        = An Old Journal
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''An Old Journal''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''Light Calendar, Year 4928: Month of Strife, Day 21'''

I am Lipos, from the city of Jericha. Our city-state was surrounded by the black tide last night.

It was swamped by darkness and terrifying monsters... fire and screams everywhere. I have never seen so much blood in my life... So many people are dead...

Paris brought me out of the city, but father, mother, and my elder sister... No, Lipos, you must be strong. You can't keep crying...

We're so far away from the city now. I'm so tired... I miss hot meals and my soft bed... But it's okay. I can handle it. I will be fine.

Because I promised my sister &mdash; she wanted me to live, and record everything I see outside Jericha for her.

Even though she'll never be able to read this journal... But I'm a big boy! I won't break my promise!

(A number of pages are skipped.)

'''Light Calendar, Year 4928: Month of Mourning, Day 13'''

As expected, Paris abandoned me.

I know I've been nothing but a burden this entire journey... Since I was born, Paris has always looked after me, but it's different now... He must be tired too. And the black tide is so scary. Paris must be afraid too... so I won't blame him!

I'm... I'm just a little sad, that's all. Really, just a tiny bit!

But I'm really fortunate! Mr. Hesiod is a really, really, really nice person &mdash; he didn't just save me, he also provided me with food and lodging!

And he's an amazing poet too. His songs sound wonderful, and his stories are delightful. I know it's a little different, but when he sings, I'm reminded of when mother used to sing lullabies to me and my sis...

(A number of pages are skipped.)

'''Light Calendar, Year 4928: Month of Mourning, Day 27'''

Mr. Hesiod sure is popular, everyone loves him.

It's like there is magic hidden in his voice. No matter how tired or hungry everyone is, their faces brighten right up after listening to Mr. Hesiod's songs.

But Mr. Hesiod must like me the most! He said so, over yesterday's dinner, that as long as I learned more poems and songs, he would take me in as a student!

But... What he doesn't know is that I've not only memorized his melodies, I'm also writing my own poems!

My first poem is called ''The Last Veranda''. It's a story about how everyone comes together to overcome hardships and eventually reach Okhema! It's not very good, but I wrote it specially for Mr. Hesiod.

When I arrive in Okhema, I won't have to worry about the black tide or those monsters. Lipos will give this poem to Mr. Hesiod then &mdash; no, it's Master Hesiod!

(A number of pages are skipped.)

'''Light Calendar, Year 4928: Month of Fortune, Day 3'''

...Everyone... Everyone is... just like Jericha back then...

Why... Why did you save me... Why didn't you run away like Paris...

I'm sorry, this is all my fault. I'm sorry, Mr. Hesiod... {{Size|28|If only I was more useful... I'm sorry, Master Hesiod...}} {{Size|36|I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!}}

(A number of pages are skipped.)

'''Light Calendar, Year 4928: Month of Fortune, Day 13'''

This is Okhema...? No wonder they call it "Amphoreus' Final Haven."

Don't worry, master. I will use your lyre and sing your poems for everyone here...

(...)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = An Old Journal
|zhs  = 一本旧日记
|zht  = 一本舊日記
|ja   = 古びた日記
|ko   = 오래된 일기
|es   = Un diario viejo
|fr   = Un vieux journal
|ru   = Старый дневник
|th   = ไดอารี่เก่าหนึ่งเล่ม
|vi   = Một Cuốn Nhật Ký Cũ
|de   = Ein altes Tagebuch
|id   = Buku Harian Tua
|pt   = Um Diário Antigo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}