<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Anecdotes of a Numerophile#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 459
|partIds      = 190768
|title        = 
|image        = Item Anecdotes of a Numerophile.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The Seaside States of Amphoreus have just about everything, including exotic cultures that, unlike Okhema, do not worship the Titans very much.
|part1        = Anecdotes of a Numerophile
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Anecdotes of a Numerophile''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''Editor's Note: It might be hard for Okhema residents to imagine that there were once some cities on the other side of the ocean, where the people didn't think that the Titans were the tangible pillars of the world. Instead, they believed that the Titans were controlled by an unspeakable higher being, a machine with divinity if you will, and manipulated by something as abstract as numbers. This editor is of the opinion that this heresy does not warrant any discussion, but since the blasphemy promoted the importance of numbers to this world to an unparalleled level, it does have some recording value as an anecdote. Therefore, this editor took the time to interview a certain foreign scholar seeking refuge in Okhema (name withheld for privacy concerns) and included two interesting foreign ideas for the readers to judge their value.''

<br />Numerophile: Order<br />The Order faction of the Numerophiles thinks that everything in this world can be reduced to integers and their operations. For example, they think that the Three Titans of Foundation ({{Rubi|Aquila|Sky Titan}}, {{Rubi|Georios|Earth Titan}}, and {{Rubi|Phagousa|Ocean Titan}}) are personifications of addition, the Three Titans of Creation ({{Rubi|Mnestia|Romance}}, {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}, and {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}) multiplication, the Three Titans of Calamity ({{Rubi|Zagreus|Trickery Titan}}, {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}}, and {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}}) subtraction and division, and the Three Titans of Fate ({{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}}, {{Rubi|Talanton|Law Titan}}, and {{Rubi|Janus|Passage Titan}}) logarithms and exponents.<br />As mathematical research advanced and people realized that logic operations might be more basic than arithmetic, Order Numerophiles developed a new version of the Titan personifications: The Three Titans of Foundation represent conjunction, the Three Titans of Creation disjunction, the Three Titans of Calamity negation, the Three Titans of Fate exclusive disjunction. The attribution of the mysterious and seldom used exclusive disjunction to the Fate Titans might be the only intriguing aspect of this ridiculous theory, if it can even be called one.<br />Generally, while Order Numerophiles' faith is questionable, they are excellent law-abiding citizens by Okhema standards. Should the readers encounter outlanders with such predilections, do not fret, as life in the holy city will guide them to eventually abandon their narrow views of the Titans, an unfortunate result of assessing the Titans with only one academic subject, and return to the right path.

Numerophile: Chaotic<br />As the name suggests, the Chaotic Numerophiles see integers &mdash; symbols of order in the eyes of the Order Numerophiles &mdash; as superficial, merely a byproduct of a deeper reality. They believe that irrational numbers represent the true essence of existence, with pi and base of natural logarithm possessing greater sanctity than the Twelve Titans. They argue that, just like the integers, the Twelve Titans are illusions created by natural structures. They propose the existence of a hidden, unknowable "Thirteenth Titan" behind the Twelve, one that is indescribable by either language or numbers and beyond human comprehension.<br />Therefore, we can actually see a paradoxical and interesting phenomenon here: On the one hand, the Chaotic Numerophiles deny the reality of all the Titans, believing that these living wonders are merely illusions to their senses. On the other hand, they believe in an unknowable {{Rubi|"One True God"|Thirteenth Titan}} that grants the world chaos, from which order emerges. (Editor's Note: This is, of course, from their perspective.)<br />Please be reminded: As proven by what happened to other city-states, the Chaotic Numerophiles are often instigators of worsening black tide. They do not revere any of the Titans that actually exist in the world, but absurdly believe in a non-existent so-called "Thirteenth Titan." This arrogance and distortion that diverges from reality is precisely one of the major reasons for the constant strife in the real world. To all the good people of Okhema, let this serve as a solemn warning: Do not stray from the teachings of Kephale, and under no circumstances should you dare to defy the power of the Titans.



<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Anecdotes of a Numerophile
|zhs  = 数字崇拜者趣闻
|zht  = 數字崇拜者趣聞
|ja   = 数字崇拝者の逸話
|ko   = 숫자 숭배자에 대한 흥미로운 이야기
|es   = Anécdotas sobre los Numerólatras
|fr   = Anecdotes d'un Numérateur
|ru   = Забавная история о почитателях арифметики
|th   = เรื่องน่าสนใจของผู้ศรัทธาตัวเลข
|vi   = Chuyện Thú Vị Về Người Sùng Bái Chữ Số
|de   = Anekdoten über Zahlenanbeter
|id   = Anekdot Pengagum Digital
|pt   = Anedotas de um Numerófilo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}