<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#"Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 521
|partIds      = 190848
|title        = 
|image        = Item Back to Era Chrysea Handbook.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A poetic handbook that passionately calls for unwavering nostalgia and longing for the Era Chrysea.
|part1        = "Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''"Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">To this day, we still weep for that resplendent Era Chrysea&mdash;</div><br /><div align="center">The homeland we long for in our restless dreams.</div><br /><div align="center">Now, Strife's pointed arms pierce its smooth joints,</div><br /><div align="center">And Trickery's profanities tarnish its solemn visage.</div><br /><div align="center">Its noble form, entombed beneath the River of Souls,</div><br /><div align="center">Is barred from the world by the Titans of Calamity.</div>

<div align="center">O great sky father, slumbering Throne of Worlds who upholds the Dawn,</div><br /><div align="center">Have you sown the seeds of a merciful prophecy,</div><br /><div align="center">To guide that gilded age back to our side?</div><br /><div align="center">We can only offer it the purge of Calamity and show of piety.</div><br /><div align="center">The warriors shall split Strife's pointed arms and burn away Trickery's profanities;</div><br /><div align="center">The warriors shall, too, vanquish the Tyrant in the River of Souls,</div><br /><div align="center">And cleanse the cold bones of death, and from therein lift a past reborn &mdash;</div>

<div align="center">That future past is you, Era Chrysea,</div><br /><div align="center">The homeland in our restless dreams.</div><br /><div align="center">You adorned the boundless sky, earth, and sea with untainted gleam.</div><br /><div align="center">You guided humanity's path with Gate and Scale,</div><br /><div align="center">And gently stashed thousands of tales behind the Veil.</div><br /><div align="center">With your kiss, lovers and true bonds from this earth you create,</div><br /><div align="center">Under your witness, the all-knowing father blessed all with jovial fate.</div>

<div align="center">Sky father above, we never sought that illusive afterlife &mdash;</div><br /><div align="center">We weep only for that resplendent Era Chrysea,</div><br /><div align="center">For it is our homeland to which we must return.</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = "Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook
|zhs  = 「重返黄金世」宣传读物
|zht  = 「重返黃金世」宣傳讀物
|ja   = 「黄金紀復興」の宣伝冊子
|ko   = 「다시 황금기로」 홍보 도서
|es   = Manual "Retorno a la Era Crisea"
|fr   = Brochure : «&nbsp;Retour à l'ère chryséenne&nbsp;»
|ru   = Брошюра «Возвращение в золотой век»
|th   = เอกสารประชาสัมพันธ์ "หวนคืนสู่ยุคทอง"
|vi   = Tài Liệu Tuyên Truyền "Trở Về Thời Kỳ Hoàng Kim"
|de   = Werbematerial für die Rückkehr zur Ära Chrysea
|id   = Bacaan Propaganda "Kembali ke Era Keemasan"
|pt   = Manual de "De Volta à Era Chrysea"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}