<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Balance Coins — The World's Pulse#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 450
|partIds      = 190752
|title        = Balance Coins &mdash; The World's Pulse
|image        = Item Balance Coins — The World's Pulse.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = About Balance Coins &mdash; A brief introduction to Amphoreus' local currency, including a historical anecdote.
|part1        = Balance Coins &mdash; The World's Pulse
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Balance Coins &mdash; The World's Pulse''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''"Merchants may obsess over profit, but rules are required regardless to maintain balance." &mdash; Unknown Priest of Talanton''

Balance Coins, the smallest unit of trade decreed by Talanton, as well as their gift to humanity. In the present world, Balance Coins take the form of tiny gravel-like weights that can be mixed into bigger weights with any amount like clay. It is because of this fact that a single Balance Coin simply can't be carried, and trade between cities requires dromas transportation to move obscene weights of currency. But no one can deny that this linear calculation method is indeed very "balanced."

The history of Balance Coins can be traced back to the ancient Era Chrysea's nascent period. Before that, cities bartered using objects of Titan worship, such as shells, feathers, redsoil clay blocks etc. As the cities' supplies became more abundant, along with increasing demand for inter-city trade, merchants urgently needed some common equivalent as a medium of exchange. Gold, silver, and other precious metals came into the picture &mdash; rare in production quantity, stable in value, and effective in reducing friction during trade. From that point on, trade among the various cities gradually gravitated towards precious metals. But even the face value of the lightest copper coin far exceeded the cost of one stalk of vegetable, and this brought much inconvenience to the commonfolk.

During the economic development of the various cities, many precious metals streamed into the market each year. We know that the expansion of an economy's scale relies on the support of even more currency. A wealthy merchant and city lord by the name of Midas devised a devious plan exploiting this very concept: What if I possessed all the world's gold? Wouldn't my city be unrivaled? He prayed to a certain Titan (some opine that it was Georios, some thought it was Zagreus, and others thought the patron god was Phagousa, but this remains a subject of great debate to this day), attaining the ability to control mineral resources using sinister rituals, and consolidated the entirety of Amphoreus' precious metal deposits in the mountains of his domain. He then announced this circumstance, demanding the cities to bend the knee, or there would be a dearth of future precious metals.

Even so, history always finds a way. After precious metal was monopolized, the cities did not cease their daily trade &mdash; Phagousa's city gathered shells, Georios' city gathered stones, Aquila's city bundled feathers... The people once again returned to the days of barter, and life went on as usual &mdash; it was only inter-city trade that was untenable. The irony was that these sundries were portable and plentiful, increasing people's enthusiasm in trade.

To quell this farce, Talanton overturned the scale, turning bountiful gravel into weights enchanted with divinity, and established it as the common currency across all cities, which are the Balance Coins of today &mdash; encompassing both the benefits and drawbacks of goods and precious metals. With the Scale of Justice being the most trustworthy, with the god's personal guarantee, inter-city trade was very quickly restored. Midas went increasingly mad when he was besieged by Castrum Kremnos, and eventually turned into a statue of pure gold.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Balance Coins &mdash; The World's Pulse
|zhs  = 利衡币&mdash;&mdash;世界的脉搏
|zht  = 利衡幣&mdash;&mdash;世界的脈搏
|ja   = テミス&mdash;&mdash;世界の脈絡
|ko   = 균형의 동전&mdash;&mdash;세계의 맥박
|es   = Equidracmas: el pulso del mundo
|fr   = Jetons d'équilibre - Le pouls du monde
|ru   = Эквилибры: пульс мира
|th   = เหรียญสมดุล - ชีพจรของโลก
|vi   = Xu Cân Bằng - Mạch Đập Của Thế Giới
|de   = Libramünzen – Der Puls der Welt
|id   = Koin Keseimbangan: Denyut Nadi Dunia
|pt   = Moedas de Equilíbrio - O Pulsar do Mundo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}