<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bath User Manual#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 452
|partIds      = 190755
|title        = 
|image        = Item Bath User Manual.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A booklet officially prepared for bath enjoyers. Constantly updated with the bath's iterations and show schedules.
|part1        = Bath User Manual
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Bath User Manual''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Esteemed Visitor:

Welcome to the Marmoreal Palace Bath, where you will be doused in Phagousa's most precious benediction. To ensure a complete bath experience, and to maintain the sanctity of this holy site, please read the following carefully.

<div align="center">Entry Rules</div><br />Basic Etiquette:<br />1. You must bow to Phagousa's statue upon entry.<br />2. The changing room has clean bathrobes, so please do not enter the bath in your own garments.<br />3. Outside brews are prohibited (this bath provides the finest brew approved by Phagousa).<br />4. Please do not touch the ritual tools.

Special Times:<br />''Spring water with different effects will be drawn at different times, so draw your water in accordance with your needs''<br />1. Entry Hour: Cleanses body and mind, soothing water<br />2. Lucid Hour: For sharpening minds, ideal for contemplation<br />3. Action Hour: Social gatherings of food and drink, with performances available<br />4. Parting Hour: Quiet, fewer people, appropriate for solitary soaks<br />5. Curtain-Fall Hour: Appointment only, only provided to select guests with prior reservations

<div align="center">Bath Sections</div><br /><div align="center">Main Bath: Nerid Spring</div><br />Bath Overview:<br />Situated in the bath center, its water is sourced from a spring blessed by Phagousa. Its body is a pale azure hue, where rippled patterns can be subtly seen, with micro-bubbles frothing to its surface, symbolizing the manifestation of divinity.

Bathwater Benefits:<br />Cleanses fatigue, invigorates, soothes the spirit, and aids rumination.

Bath Features:<br />Occasional revelationary manifestations. Those with keen perception may hear Phagousa's whispers.

Don'ts:<br />Please refrain from eating or drinking in the main pool as a sign of respect to Phagousa.

<div align="center">Special Pools: Dawn Pool and Starlight Pool</div><br />Bath Overview:<br />Divided into high and low temperature pool areas. The high temperature area brims with steam of warm lights like a new dawn, symbolizing Aquila's inaugural radiance. The low temperature pool is cooler with a darker hue. The bottom of the pool is embedded with a star-cluster pattern, symbolizing Oronyx's pitch night sky.

Bathwater Benefits:<br />The low temperature pool cleanses body and mind, expunging impurities from the former and invigorates the latter. The high temperature pool comforts the body and mind, aiding restful sleep and disperses fatigue.

Bath Features:<br />Using the combination of hot and cold pools prolongs your lifespan and keeps your body in its best shape.

Don'ts:<br />Optimal duration in the high temperature pool is three quints. Please do not soak in it for too long. Please do not use the low temperature pool during the Parting Hour.

<div align="center">Special Pool: Cerces' Meditative Pool</div><br />Bath Overview:<br />Herbs blessed by Cerces have been soaked in this water, and bear Cerces' wisdom and grace. Grove scholars often linger in this area, seeking glimpses of radiant knowledge through contemplative submersion.

Bathwater Benefits:<br />Enhances mental acuity, inspirational surges. Perfect for deep meditation.

Bath Features:<br />Many bookshelves and deck chairs are situated around the pool, creating a leisurely vibe for quiet reading.

Don'ts:<br />Please do not cause a commotion inside the pool.

<div align="center">Special Pool: Phagousa's Banquet Pool</div><br />Bath Overview:<br />This area is divided into public usage and private pools for exclusive guests. The pools are outfitted with special equipment that allow the water to mimic tidal movement akin to the ocean that Phagousa governs.

Bathwater Benefits:<br />Nourishes the body and mind, boosts your constitution, calms your nerves and steadies your moods.

Bath Features:<br />Suitable for multiple people to soak in. Massage services are provided in the lounge area, and can hold up to thirteen guests.

Don'ts:<br />Do not eat or drink in the pool to avoid clogging of pipes.

<div align="center">Special Area: Upper Level Bath</div><br />''This area is only available to Chrysos Heirs and specific guests. Identification is required. Availability is subject to our discretion, so please inquire from our attendants.''

<div align="center">"Show Area"</div><br />Spring Theater:<br />Located in the center of the pool spring, guests can enjoy performances in the comfort of our waters. Comes with pool floats, floating dining tables, special audio stone pillars, stage lift, and other amenities.

The Sage's Podium:<br />Located on elevated stages on both sides of the bath spring. Reserved for academic lectures and poetry recitals. Access is invite only. The venue is acoustically designed, allowing the speaker's voice to be projected in all directions.

Banquet Area:<br />Multiple pools are outfitted with floating dining tables, and come with deck chairs. Free-refill drinks are provided daily.

<div align="center">This Month's Programs</div><br /><div align="center">Spring Theater Show</div><br /><div align="center">''Theater show starts at the Action Hour. Monthly shows rotate as follows:''</div><br /><div align="center">1. ''Georios' Sigh'' Epic Drama</div><br /><div align="center">2. Titan Hymns Choir</div><br /><div align="center">3. Siren Legends Opera Performance</div><br /><div align="center">4. Underwater Dance Performance</div><br /><div align="center">5. Poetry Recital with Lyre Accompaniment</div><br /><div align="center">6. Phagousa's Prayer Ceremony</div><br /><div align="center">7. Bath Lottery and Audience Interaction</div>

<div align="center">The Sage's Podium Programs</div><br /><div align="center">''Programs are only available in the second half of this month, starting during the Lucid Hour:''</div><br /><div align="center">1. ''Prophetic Titan Poems'': An Interpretation</div><br /><div align="center">2. Open Discourse: Phagousa's Revelations</div><br /><div align="center">3. ''Bath Etiquette and Traditions'' </div><br /><div align="center">4. Philosophers Live Debate Tournament</div>

<div align="center">Special Events</div><br /><div align="center">Month of Gate, 3rd Day: Phagousa's Festival</div><br /><div align="center">Month of Gate, 7th Day: Bath Battle Tourney (Youth Group)</div><br /><div align="center">Month of Gate, 15th Day: Bathhouse Battle Tourney (Children's Group)</div><br /><div align="center">Month of Gate, 20th Day: Hymns of Dawn Party</div>

<div align="center">A Reminder on Etiquette</div><br />Safety Information:<br />1. Please drink moderately<br />2. Be careful when entering the deep end<br />3. Watch out for temperature changes<br />4. If you're not feeling well, inform the nearest attendant immediately

Basic Etiquette:<br />1. Please enter the pool with your bathrobe on<br />2. Please maintain an acceptable noise level<br />3. Respect others' privacy. Please do not disrupt the experiences of other guests

Special Information:<br />If you can feel unusual ripples, it may be Phagousa manifesting. Please keep calm and channel your devotion. You may just be able to receive a revelation.

<div align="center">Pool Entry Prayer</div><br /><div align="center">Grace flows with the surging spring,</div><br /><div align="center">Merriment akin to finest ambrosia, fragrance spreading within the pool.</div><br /><div align="center">May the Chalice of Plenty's grace wash away all fatigue and doubt.</div><br /><div align="center">Gain enlightenment within springwater, seek peace among resounding tides.</div><br />&mdash;''Chalice of Plenty Hymn'' 

''Additional Note: If you have any questions, please direct them to our attendants.''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bath User Manual
|zhs  = 浴池使用手册
|zht  = 浴池使用手冊
|ja   = ピュエロス利用上の注意事項
|ko   = 목욕탕 사용 설명서
|es   = Manual de uso de los baños
|fr   = Manuel d'utilisation des thermes
|ru   = Руководство посетителя купальни
|th   = คู่มือการใช้สระอาบน้ำ
|vi   = Sổ Tay Sử Dụng Bể Tắm
|de   = Badehaus-Handbuch
|id   = Panduan Penggunaan Pemandian
|pt   = Manual do Usuário de Banho
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}