<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Baths Management Memo: Excerpt#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 472
|partIds      = 190783
|title        = 
|image        = Item Baths Management Memo- Excerpt.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Public memos written by bath staff. The majority are records of incidents caused by followers of different faiths in the baths.
|part1        = Baths Management Memo: Excerpt
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aglaea; Aquila; Kephale; Oronyx; Phagousa; Thanatos; Zagreus
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Baths Management Memo: Excerpt''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...

Previous content omitted. This slate records events from the 13th day of the Month of Strife, Light Calendar year 4930.

Please do not leave this slate in a place where guests can take it.

'''14th day of the Month of Strife'''<br />
-The wave of guests that accompany the end of the Creation Season continues. Attendants are a little overwhelmed, and we are looking for stand-ins ASAP.<br />
- Keep an eye out for clients from Kremnos and Ladon. They will try to find ways to start fires and burn offerings in the baths.<br />
''- Is lighting fires not allowed? Or are Strife Rituals banned in general?''<br />
''- Lighting fires is fine. But, they always throw weapons into the fire and the crackling sounds scare other guests.''<br />
''-What if they insist? I wouldn't dare try and stop them.''<br />
''- Call Daros. He has a way to stop them.''

'''2nd day of the Month of Fortune'''<br />
-The Starlight Pool is available again.<br />
- Be aware that the number of Zagreus faithfuls is increasing by the day.

'''10th day of the Month of Fortune'''<br />
-These guys' pranks are getting more and more extreme<br />
- A client called "Mr. Teaser" says that he has a solution to this. He has requested to put on an event in the bath lecture area.

'''16th day of the Month of Fortune'''<br />
- Mr. Teaser is banned from the baths.<br />
- Borrow some soil from the dromas post to use as a temporary anti-slipping agent.

'''17th day of the Month of Fortune'''<br />
- Mr. Teaser's friends are banned from the baths.<br />
- Borrow some manpower from the dromas post and have them lead this herd of dromases back with them.

'''Month of Fortune day --'''<br />
- No, how could the water have caught fire!? And why is no one putting it out!?<br />
- Have you never seen {{Rubi|Spirit Day|Leap Day}}?

'''1st day of the Month of Gate'''<br />
-Happy Month of Gate! Also, let us welcome our new attendants!

'''5th day of the Month of Gate'''<br />
- A new collection has been added to the repository as more non-bathing customers will be visiting.<br /><s>{{Size|28|- Keep an eye out for the Kremnoans.}}</s><br /><s>- You're just worried you can't beat them in a fight.</s><br />- I will stress this again. Please do not leave the memos where guests can reach them.

'''14th day of the Month of Gate'''<br />
- To new attendants: Though the baths do permit the observation of simple rituals, when an Oronyx's disciple asks about using the baths for divination, please make sure to ask about the precise details of this process.<br />
- Okay... I'm a little curious as to why?<br />
- Because the entire place will stink if cheese melts in the baths.

'''15th day of the Month of Gate'''<br />
- Bath salts are only permitted inside the private baths. Xenia, please make sure to repeatedly remind anyone who buys bath salts.<br />
- But no one has bought bath salts for ages.<br />
- Not those ones, I mean the rainbow ones that have received the benediction of Phagousa. The ones that make people jump all over the place after bathing in them.<br />
- Got it. Is that where the hole in the wall came from?<br />
- It is.

'''22nd day of the Month of Gate'''<br />
- There is a disciple of Aquila that has not visited for a long time now...<br />
You mean the one that insists on washing their hair in the baths?<br />
- Yeah. The one that insisted on opening a separate bath for the nymphs.<br />
- If you mean the one that used a pair of silk gloves to tame the most ferocious dromas in the city, he volunteered to join the expedition team and attack the black tide. Unfortunately...<br />
- May Thanatos bring him peace.

'''2nd day of the Month of Balance'''<br />
- To new attendants: Disciples of Phagousa make up the majority of clients within the baths. It is normal to find them in the corners, facing the pool and talking to themselves.<br />
- But, the pool spoke back to them... Is that normal, too?<br />
- Just stay out of it.

'''10th day of the Month of Balance'''<br />
- There is nothing out of the ordinary today. I just wanted to ask... How about organizing one of the traditional events, like a treasure hunt again?<br />
- We don't have the time or the people. If you want to do it, do it yourself.<br />
-Alright, I'll do it.

'''18th day of the Month of Balance'''<br />
- Just what is going on? How have all the guests ended up in a giant argument?<br />
- If you want to blame someone, blame the guy who was chased out by the Mountain Dwellers.<br />
- What did he do? Did he speak a Titan prayer or something?<br />
- No. He just stood in front of the Spring Theater and shouted: "Who is the greatest warrior in all of Okhema?"<br />
- I get it. The majority of Okhemans don't know the young master.<br />
- This is what I'm always saying about you Kremnoans...

...

'''Day ■■■■'''<br />
- May Kephale protect us.

&mdash; Praise Kephale

&mdash; Marmoreal Palace is back in business... Lady Aglaea said that she would provide them free use of the best room in the Palace to express her gratitude... I wonder if these outworlders will be able to withstand the temperature of the Dawn Pool?

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Baths Management Memo: Excerpt
|zhs  = 浴场管理备忘录•摘
|zht  = 浴場管理備忘錄•摘
|ja   = バルネア管理備忘録・抜粋
|ko   = 목욕탕 관리 비망록•발췌
|es   = Notas sobre la gestión de las termas (extracto)
|fr   = Note de gestion des thermes&nbsp;: extrait
|ru   = Меморандум управления купальней (выдержка)
|th   = บันทึกเตือนความจำ ในการดูแลโรงอาบน้ำ: สรุป
|vi   = Sổ Ghi Chép Quản Lý Nhà Tắm-Trích
|de   = Notizen zur Badverwaltung: Auszug
|id   = Catatan Manajemen Pemandian: Kutipan
|pt   = Trecho do Memorando da Gestão do Balneário
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}