<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Beyond the Veil#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 484
|partIds      = 190797
|title        = 
|image        = Item Beyond the Veil.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Handwritten notes by the Venerationist Phereseus. He records their epiphanies gained from observing the Evernight Veil. Later research suggests that this was his last work before his disappearance.
|part1        = Beyond the Veil
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Beyond the Veil''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''<div align="center">Written by Phereseus the Venerationist &mdash; Light Calendar Year 3749</div>''

<div align="center">Notes</div><br />I must make sure I record all of this. My thoughts are beginning to grow blurred and blanks are appearing in my memory. However, these discoveries are far too important. They may have revealed the truth of what lies beyond the veil of Oronyx. I will attempt to use the last of my sanity to organize these notes.

<div align="center">Ceremony Preparation</div><br />As a Venerationist scholar, we are always studying various ceremonies that involve communication with the Titans. But, I wish to go one step further &mdash; I do not want to simply communicate with them. I want to observe them directly. Just how big is the Evernight Veil of Oronyx? What lies beyond it? Could that be the divine kingdom of the Titans? With the correct approach, I may be able to catch a glimpse of these secrets.

After many years of research, I have discovered a number of key elements:<br />1. The Orb &mdash; There is some kind of power contained in the Oronyx Orb.<br />2. A set astrological alignment.<br />3. An ancient incantation that must be chanted in the correct tone

<div align="center">First Attempt (Light Calendar Year 3749 &mdash; Month of Fortune)</div><br />The constellations are in perfect alignment tonight. After completing the purification ceremony in the Chamber of Purifying Tears, I began the first attempt.<br />I place the orb before my forehead and begin to chant. At first, nothing happened. However, I sensed something unusual after my seventh recital of the incantation. The veil seemed to pulse like a rippling water surface. What was even more unusual was that the starlight began to warp and form into patterns that I could not understand.<br />''(There is an ink smudge here as if the writer spilled their ink in a hurry.)''

...

<div align="center">Third attempt (time uncertain)</div><br />(It looks like the records for the second experiment are missing)<br />I think I have seen something. There is something flowing in the gaps of the veil. It doesn't look like starlight. Could it be aether? Something more fundamental... They seem to be... hmm... I can't find the words to describe it. Any time I try to describe them, the words just crumble on my tongue.<br />Interesting discovery: When I stare at the flowing matter, my thoughts seem to flow also. The boundary between the worlds of the present and the past grows blurred. I saw conversations that had not yet happened and heard the voices of people who had long passed.<br />Warning: Do not try to record these scenes in words. Every time I try, the text simply &mdash;

...

<div align="center">(Date unclear)</div><br />Something unexpected happened during today's experiment. When I activated three orbs at the same time, they broke and a huge explosion completely wiped out my laboratory. What does this mean? Is this a divine punishment of Oronyx? Did this happen because Oronyx is watching me and feels that my experiment has surpassed the rules laid upon mortals? Or could it be that the design of my ceremony was flawed and that caused the explosion?

My head is starting to hurt. My memory is becoming fragmented. I want to reorganize my manuscript. I remember I wrote down some numbers before... They were to do with the movement of the stars and other things... But there are only strange symbols on the manuscript now? They look like something I drew in my sleep. Just what on earth are they?

<div align="center">(Date unclear)</div><br />I have made a mistake. The veil is the divine realm of Oronyx. Mortals must not enter the divine realms of the Titans... What else was there? I don't remember. My head hurts.

<div align="center">Conclusion</div><br />To ███████, I don't think I can continue with this research.<br />Do not repeat my mistakes. There are some boundaries that must not be overstepped. I now understand why Oronyx created the Evernight Veil. It is the boundary that divides the sanity of mortals and the divine power of the Titans.

I have begun to doubt my existence. As I write these words, who is it that is moving my hand? When I reflect on such questions, who is it that is moving my thoughts? We believe that we are observing destiny, but perhaps we are the ones being observed... It is Oronyx that is observing us ridiculous mortals!

''(The next few pages are littered with indecipherable symbols and chaotic lines. Occasionally, you can make out a few words:)''<br />Oronyx is looking at us<br />Mortals!<br />Get out of here<br />You should not investigate the divine power of the Titans, and their divine power cannot be observed<br />I am not real who am I what am I am &mdash;

''(The final page contains only a note in shaky handwriting:)''<br />Forgive my transgressions, O Veil of Evernight...

''(Note: This manuscript was first discovered in a secret chamber in the Grove of Epiphany's Library of Philia. According to records, the author Phereseus went missing after completing this document. Some say that he transformed into a star within the Evernight Veil, while some say that you can occasionally hear him mumbling to himself in the depths of the library.)''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Beyond the Veil
|zhs  = 帷幕之外
|zht  = 帷幕之外
|ja   = 帳の外
|ko   = 장막 너머
|es   = Al otro lado del velo
|fr   = Au-delà du voile
|ru   = За Покровом
|th   = นอกเหนือม่าน
|vi   = Bên Ngoài Tấm Màn
|de   = Jenseits des Schleiers
|id   = Di Luar Tirai
|pt   = Além do Véu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}