<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Chalice of Plenty's Sigh#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 578
|partIds      = 191916
|title        = 
|image        = Item Chalice of Plenty's Sigh.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A journal by a devout follower of Phagousa, recording a fragment of Styxia's past.
|part1        = Chalice of Plenty's Sigh
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Phagousa
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Chalice of Plenty's Sigh''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Month of Joy, Day 3<br />
Finally, Styxia! This city surpasses all my expectations in beauty. The sea appears as a mesmerizing blend of honey and sapphire, sparkling brilliantly in the sunlight. I'm grateful I accepted the High Priest's invitation to assist with the temple rituals.

Accommodations have been arranged perfectly, right by the seashore! Every night I hear waves breaking against the shore, sounding like Phagousa's whispers in my ears. The full moon ceremony will be held tomorrow, and I hope to receive the Ocean Titan's blessing.

Month of Joy, Day 5<br />
It's late, but I must record everything I saw today. The full moon ceremony far exceeded my expectations! The High Priest had mentioned that rituals in Styxia differ from those in Okhema with fewer rules and more fervor, and this proved absolutely true.

As night fell, hundreds of lights illuminated the sea of honey brew hues. People placed specially crafted lanterns in the water, which currents carried toward the deep ocean. They say these lights guide Phagousa's gaze, allowing her to witness our devotion.

People began drinking, not in small sips but great gulps! The honey brew shimmered with a golden glow and burned like fire down the throat. I drank some too, and then... everything felt like a blur. I remember jumping into the sea, dancing in the shallows with everyone. I recall seeing humans dancing with sea creatures, and for a brief moment, I thought I saw sea sirens! Perhaps it was just the brew's effects.

I have a vague recollection of strange music from the distant sea, a sound blending harp notes with ocean waves. The melody was bewitching yet carried a hint of sorrow, as if calling out to something.

Month of Joy, Day 9<br />
The sea today is remarkably calm, a perfect mirror reflecting the sky above. The High Priest says this is a positive omen, that Phagousa is watching over us.

I heard that mysterious music again last night, more distinctly this time. No one could explain what it was, they're all too absorbed in their festivities. The melody seemed to tell a story of loneliness and betrayal. I found myself strangely drawn to it, almost wanting to dive underwater to seek its source.

Duties at the temple are simple, mainly preparing offerings and brewing sacred water. The High Priest taught me how to transform ordinary seawater into "Tears of Phagousa" &mdash; special holy water said to heal spiritual wounds. She warned me never to taste it, saying, "It is not meant for mortal lips."

Month of Everday, Day 1<br />
Something changed today. People report seeing "ripples" on the sea &mdash; not ordinary waves, but disturbances, as though... the surface of the water had been mutilated by something.

People in the streets seem increasingly frenzied, with taverns operating all day and night. When I asked the High Priest if this was normal, she just smiled and said Phagousa's followers always become more active during the Month of Everday. But I sense there's more than meets the eye.

Tonight, the music sounds clearer than ever before. I believe it must be Hysilens, the legendary Chrysos Heir songstress. Ancient tales say she was once a sea siren who now plays alone in the ocean depths, waiting for her departed companions to return. The profound sorrow in that music is almost suffocating.

Month of Everday, Day 7<br />
I've started sleepwalking today... I woke to myself standing at the beach, clothes drenched, with salt water on my lips. More disturbing still, I remember my dream. I followed that haunting music into the sea and discovered a... stage?<br />
It was an underwater stage surrounded by seated figures, all motionless as if frozen in time. At the center stood a woman with a harp, playing that mournful melody. She turned to me and spoke, but I couldn't hear her words. Then I awoke with a start.

People in the city grow fewer each day. Not because they're leaving, but because they're... vanishing. They joined the nightly celebrations and never returned. When I asked the High Priest about this, she simply said they had "returned to Phagousa's embrace."

Strangely, I'm reminded of an old nursery rhyme:<br />
"Phagousa's chalice filled with tears of old. Those who drink see home, but nevermore return."

Month of Freedom, Day 4<br />
The city's celebrations have reached the peak of their feverish intensity. People have stopped working and thinking. They only drink, dance, and seek pleasure, as if tomorrow were the last day of the world.

Today I ventured underwater, seeking the music's source. The submerged world was breathtaking. I discovered ancient structures, seemingly the ruins of an underwater city. This must be the dwelling of the sea sirens that legends speak of, the place of eternal celebration Phagousa promised them. Now only ruins remain, accompanied by that solitary, mournful song.

Month of Strife, Day 1<br />
I've decided to leave Styxia. The madness here has become unbearable. The people are changing into something less human and more like...

Before leaving, the High Priest gave me a small vial containing a glowing liquid.<br />
"It's the Siren's Tear." she said. "If you hear the song calling to you, drink this. You'll discover the truth you seek."

I don't know if I'll ever find the courage to drink it. But I know that as long as Hysilens continues to sing, Phagousa's legacy lives on. Perhaps someday the world will find balance again, and the Chalice of Plenty will overflow not with tears, but with joy.

This is my final journal entry from Styxia. May Phagousa bless all who drink, and may Hysilens' melody guide lost souls home.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Chalice of Plenty's Sigh
|zhs  = 满溢之杯的叹息
|zht  = 滿溢之杯的嘆息
|ja   = 満たされた杯の嘆き
|ko   = 충만의 잔의 탄식
|es   = Suspiro de la Crátera de la Profusión
|fr   = Soupir du Calice d'abondance
|ru   = Стенания Кубка Изобилия
|th   = การถอนหายใจ ของจอกอันเปี่ยมล้น
|vi   = Tiếng Thở Dài Của Chiếc Cốc Tràn Đầy
|de   = Seufzer des Kelchs der Fülle
|id   = Helaan Napas Cawan Kelimpahan
|pt   = Suspiro do Cálice da Abundância
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}