<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Chimera's Work Handbook (3rd Edition)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 487
|partIds      = 190800
|title        = 
|image        = Item Chimera's Work Handbook (3rd Edition).png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A chimera work handbook compiled by the Garden of Life Gardeners. It is a work that all squad administrators must read carefully.
|part1        = Chimera's Work Handbook (3rd Edition)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Chimera's Work Handbook (3rd Edition)''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''&mdash; A standard manual compiled by the Garden of Life designed to guide the professional actions of the chimera squad''<br />''All administrators are required to study all the content of this manual and take part in periodical examinations held by the Garden of Life. Anyone who fails two tests in a row will have their administrator status revoked and report to the citizen's assembly for public appraisal.''

Squads that performed particularly well during this examination period include: "Horn of Freedom" and "Florie."<br />A negative example would be: A certain administrator who has an obsession with bathing. Please make sure to keep an eye on your squad's ranking and punctually arrive at work!

<br />'''General Principles of Chimeras' Work'''<br />1. The rights and interests of chimeras are under the legal protection of the Garden of Life, and no person or group is permitted to harm chimeras for any reason.<br />Harmful actions include but are not limited to:'''Causing physical damage to chimera, maliciously extending chimeras' working hours or labor intensity, scolding or reprimanding, as well as cold, rude, disrespectful, discourteous, or malicious treatment...'''

2. Chimeras will assist the citizens of Okhema with their work to a '''reasonable extent''' under the organization of the Garden of Life.<br />All chimeras will be divided into a number of squads. Each squad will be assigned a corresponding administrator who will take responsibility for their overall work performance.

3. The relationship between chimeras and administrators is one of mutual supervision. Administrators are required to organize chimera squads reasonably to increase work efficiency and maintain harmonious coexistence. Chimeras are also able to supervise the working situation of administrators and report it directly to the Gardeners.<br />'''Note''': Chimeras are not personal property. They are a symbol of Okhema. Administrators must remain aware of the scope of their professional authority.

4. Chimeras must complete work assigned by the Garden of Life. The Gardeners will carry out periodical assessments of each squad. If work standards consistently do not meet requirements, then administrators must take responsibility for the poor performance of the squad, pay a fine, and accept an inquiry from the citizens' assembly.

5. Chimeras have a wide range of physical characteristics and personalities. Administrators are forbidden from assigning work based on personal favoritism. All chimeras' rights to life and development are equal, and any form of prejudice or unjust treatment is forbidden.

6. The Garden of Life warmly welcomes all citizens of Okhema to participate in chimera squad administration.

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Chimera's Work Handbook (3rd Edition)
|zhs  = 奇美拉工作手册（第三次修订版）
|zht  = 奇美拉工作手冊（第三次修訂版）
|ja   = キメラ業務マニュアル（第三次改訂版）
|ko   = 키메라 작업 노트(3차 수정본)
|es   = Manual de trabajo de las quimeras (3.ª edición)
|fr   = Manuel de travail des chimères (3ᵉ édition)
|ru   = Инструкция по работе с химерами (3-е переработанное издание)
|th   = คู่มือการทำงานของไคเมร่า (ฉบับแก้ครั้งที่ 3)
|vi   = Sổ Tay Làm Việc Của Chimera (Bản Chỉnh Sửa Lần Thứ 3)
|de   = Arbeitsleitfaden für Chimären (dritte Überarbeitung)
|id   = Panduan Kerja Chimera (Edisi Ketiga)
|pt   = Manual de Trabalho da Quimera (3ª Edição)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}