<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Diary of a Kremnoan Sergeant#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 468
|partIds      = 190779
|title        = 
|image        = Item Diary of a Kremnoan Sergeant.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = This sergeant's diary recorded tidbits of his military life.
|part1        = Diary of a Kremnoan Sergeant
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Diary of a Kremnoan Sergeant''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''<div align="center">May Nikador witness our glory beneath the Lance of Fury.</div>''<br /><div align="right">Leonidas, 5th Squad, 3rd Battalion</div>

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 1</div><br />Today, I took command of a squad of 26 recruits, most of them still green. But one stood out: Clitun. This kid lost his parents when he was young and was raised by the kindness of the villagers. It's no wonder his eyes burn with fierce determination. In my experience, kids who endure hardship from a young age often grow into something extraordinary, if they can just make it through.

During the routine pep talk, I made a point of saying, "From the moment you set foot in this military camp, you all become one thing: The swords of Nikador. Swords don't think. They just need to stay sharp and be ready."

I hope Clitun gets the message.

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 3</div><br />We kicked off with basic physical training today.<br />The recruits had plenty to gripe about the pomegranate juice, saying it was too astringent. One pampered young master even asked why it wasn't served chilled. In response, I doubled their portions &mdash; this beverage is a basic testament of honor. Those who can't stomach it don't deserve to wear the uniform of a Kremnoan warrior.<br />Clitun truly shone today. He volunteered to carry twice the usual weight during training. I let him, knowing that a soldier who seeks out challenges will undoubtedly go far.

Today's training schedule:<br />1. 50 round-trip hill sprints.<br />2. Weighted combat training.<br />3. Weapon maintenance before bed.

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 7</div><br />Had to deal with a bit of a scuffle today. Two recruits got into a fight over a practice shield. It's a good thing for Kremnoan soldiers to compete for honor, but these two picked the wrong moment and place for it.

Punishment: Each will carry triple the weight of rock plates and march around the camp until dawn, and I've ordered the shield to be placed in front of them. If you crave it so much, let it serve as a constant reminder throughout your march.

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 12</div><br />Incident Record: Soldier #07, Jansen, fell off a cliff during training.<br />Follow-up Action: Inscribed his name on the stone monument at the training ground, as per tradition.

This is the second fatal accident this month. The recruits' spirits were lowered, but I reassured them, "To die during training is a great honor, far better than dying in your bed."

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 15</div><br />I've received an inquiry from the Inspector: The accident rate is too high. My response: Since the establishment of Castrum Kremnos, our mission has been to forge weapons, not train soldiers. Weapons undergo quenching, honing, and even breaking, all to emerge stronger through recasting.

Seeing Clitun's performance today, I know I was on the right track. He broke three iron swords in combat training yet remained unyielding. This truly embodies the spirit of a Kremnos warrior.

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 20</div><br />Disciplinary Records:<br />1. Soldier #13 neglected weapon maintenance; punishment: Night running.<br />2. Soldier #04 showed cowardice during training; punishment: Contemplation against the wall.<br />3. Soldier #21 breached armor maintenance protocols; punishment: One-rank salary deduction.<br />Today, I presented the squad with a shield that embodies the true spirit of Castrum Kremnos. This shield, forged in the fires of countless battles, still holds its blade-like sharpness. I emphasized, "One day, you'll wield a shield like this. But only if you survive the trials ahead."

<div align="center">Training Month, Day 25</div><br />Clitun defeated a veteran in the martial competition. The veterans were outraged, seeing it as a display of disrespect from a mere recruit. Yet, I support this act. Castrum Kremnos doesn't seek humble warriors. We crave those who hunger for victory, warriors whose hearts burn with the desire to win.

I've recommended Clitun to the examiners of the Godshield Brigade. His outstanding performance earns him this opportunity.

<div align="center">Training Month, Final Day</div><br />Monthly Evaluation Completed:<br />1. Survivors: 19 (Qualified)<br />2. Injured: 12 (Below expectations)<br />3. Promoted: 3 (Led by Clitun)<br />Overall Assessment: These recruits are packed with potential. They've begun to grasp the essence of the Castrum Kremnos spirit. The blazing fire in their eyes speaks volumes.<br />When I was just a recruit, my drillmaster told me this: "Castrum Kremnos has no use for living cowards." Today, I've echoed those same words to these recruits. I see glimpses of my past self reflected in their faces.<br />War has no need for perfect men. Only those who dare to face death will be accepted. And behold, my recruits are such men &mdash; they stand ready.

<div align="center">Monthly Diary (New Cycle)</div><br />New mission: Escort the supply team to the border fortress. This will mark the recruits' baptism of fire.<br />I kept quiet about the fact that three teams had already bitten the dust on this very route in the past month. They don't need the extra baggage. Kremnos warriors live by one code: Fight till the end.

Monthly Preparation Records (New Cycle):<br />1. Restock pomegranate juice supplies.<br />2. Arrange weapon handover.<br />3. Select safeguards for nighttime patrol.<br />4. Update training program (focus on nighttime combat).

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Diary of a Kremnoan Sergeant
|zhs  = 悬锋士官手札
|zht  = 懸鋒士官手札
|ja   = クレムノス士官の手記
|ko   = 크렘노스 사관의 친필 기록
|es   = Diario de un sargento de Kremnos
|fr   = Journal d'un sergent acrokopien
|ru   = Дневник старшины Кремноса
|th   = บันทึกของทหาร Kremnos
|vi   = Thư Viết Tay Sĩ Quan Kremnos
|de   = Tagesbuch eines Offiziers von Kremnos
|id   = Buku Catatan Sersan Kremnos
|pt   = Diário de um Sargento Kremnoano
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}