<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dromas Herakles' Twelve Trials#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 451
|partIds      = 190753
|title        = Dromas Heracles' Twelve Trials
|image        = Item Dromas Herakles' Twelve Trials.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Please treat this work as fiction, though its author really wants you to think it's real.
|part1        = Dromas Heracles' Twelve Trials
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Kephale
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Dromas Heracles' Twelve Trials''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
The dromas Heracles once traveled the lands, its heroics lauded even in distant kingdoms. This hereby records its grandest Twelve Trials, which I hope will allow you to <s>understand my great love for dromases</s> evangelize the repute of the dromas Heracles.

Battling the Verax Leo:<br />
The fabled Verax Leo that does not slip on its words was thwarted by Heracles! Against the Verax Leo's acerbic inquiries, Heracles successfully silenced it with sheer strength, and after paying the compensation fee, adorned its saddle with the lion's mask.

Little chimera rescue:<br />
Hydra was a wounded little chimera, losing eight of its nine tails from black tide corruption. 'Twas fortunate Heracles lent a hand! It lunged toward this little chimera and carried it on its back, successfully breaking through the black tide's encirclement.

Liberating Aquila's hunter:<br />
Hunter Selene, self-proclaimed recipient of Aquila's blessing, had been pursuing a deer of prophecy for many years. The eagle-eyed Heracles sighted a pair of antlers among the black tide's vestiges, and successfully persuaded this hunter to abandon a mission that could never be accomplished.

Helping Oleinus' farmers:<br />
Oleinus' farmers suffered from a wild boar invasion. They rampaged throughout the countryside, fleeting and erratically violent. The erudite Heracles procured ample fruits to lure them away, and defeated them in one fell swoop outside the village.

Cleaning the Icaria dromases' home:<br />
Icaria's dromas stable lacked upkeep, and was infamous for its filthy state. The local dromases tolerated the threat of sickness to varying degrees, but never fear! The brave Heracles dislodged the riverbanks on both flanks of the dromases' abode &mdash; water from the two artificial inlets gushed the place clean, and the dromases could once again enjoy a life of cleanliness.

Driving away the Stymphalian avians:<br />
There lived oddly-visaged birds with metal plumes on Stymphalia, frequently stealing olive oil and attacking oil mills and presses. The dromas Heracles invited the locals to stand on its back and pelt them with slingshots. After three days of non-stop stone showers, the birds were finally driven away.

Finding Handak's prized bull:<br />
Handak's pedigree bulls were the pride of the local town, but a certain purebred bull had "eloped" with an ordinary spotted cow... 'Twas fortuitous that Heracles unleashed its unmatched might and forcefully dragged the obstinate animal back to the cattle pen in Handak city. Appreciative of Heracles' deed, the locals even let it revel in unlimited quantities of Handak's red earth!

Taming Odressian's frenzied dromases:<br />
Due to the negligence of Odressian's dromas caretaker, red earth tainted by the black tide was fed to them, causing the four dromases there to go berserk. Fortunately, the mighty Heracles was with us &mdash; it single-handedly held down this quartet of enraged dromases till all traces of the black tide were fully digested in their systems, returning their mental states to their usual docility.

Winning the saddle blessed by Kephale:<br />
Besides braving the dangers of the world, Heracles is also a champion dromas renowned by all in Okhema! When the city organized its inaugural Dromas Games, as the top seed that registered first, Heracles clinched top spots in all participating events, convincingly triumphing over the other five contenders, and winning a sacred saddle blessed by Kephale (Sponsor: Mr. Iason).

Bringing back Kadir's lost dromases:<br />
A trio of Kadir city's dromases were stolen away by a fraudster in the dead of night. Using its acute olfactory senses, Heracles adroitly pinpointed the direction in which the culprit fled, recovering the lost dromases in a mountain ravine, and aided the guards in apprehending the fraudster.

Attaining the Grove of Epiphany's reward apple:<br />
Okhema's second Dromas Games was sponsored and organized by an anonymous enthusiast of the sport from the Grove, with its prize being a redsoil apple specially produced by the Grove of Epiphany. Inevitably, Heracles did not disappoint its supporters, emerging champion, and happily wolfed down this priceless synthetic apple.

Assisting in extracting black tide creation samples:<br />
This was Heracles' most incredible trial till now! It was all thanks to its long neck that the people managed to retrieve a precious sample from the edge of the all-annihilating black tide, accomplishing a mission that even the Grove deemed nigh impossible. The sole lament was Heracles' nonchalance throughout the ordeal that everyone failed to grasp the peril of this quest...

The above is the Grand Trial of Twelve that Heracles the dromas performed! I trust that in the near future, this list will only be extended to thirteen, fourteen... till it reaches twenty-four feats!<br />

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dromas Heracles' Twelve Trials
|zhs  = 大地兽赫拉克勒斯的十二试炼
|zht  = 大地獸赫拉克勒斯的十二試煉
|ja   = 大地獣ヘラクレスの十二の試練
|ko   = 드로마스 헤라클레스의 12가지 시련
|es   = Las doce pruebas del droma Heracles
|fr   = Les 12 épreuves d'Héraclès, le draka
|ru   = Двенадцать подвигов геозавра Геракла
|th   = 12 บททดสอบของอสูรธรณี Heracles
|vi   = Mười Hai Thử Thách Của Thú Đại Địa Herakles
|de   = Die zwölf Prüfungen von Herakles dem Droma
|id   = 12 Ujian Dromas Herakles
|pt   = As Doze Provações de Dromas Héracles
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}