<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dyed Red Slate#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 470
|partIds      = 190781
|title        = 
|image        = Item Dyed Red Slate.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A fragmented narrative discovered on the outskirts of Castrum Kremnos. It tells of how a heroic Kremnos Warrior met their end in battle.
|part1        = Dyed Red Slate
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Nikador; Thanatos
|factions     = 
}}
'''Dyed Red Slate''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
1<br />
My tribesmen say that a Kremnos Warrior has no business keeping a diary. They say it is a cowardly act, like something an Okheman would do.<br />
What they do not know is that I do not do this out of fear of death. My only fear would be to attain glory and have no one to spread word of it...

Ah, forget it. What is meant to be shall always pass. Let me just write my story.

...

22<br />
The minds of the Strife Titankin are growing ever more clouded. They have begun to point their blades at the tribesmen of Kremnos. Hah, what reason could there be to turn down a fight?

These Titankin are made of tough stuff. It takes two people striking together to cut through them, where they need only a single blow to strike us down.<br />
Ah, how I long for the sanguine honey brew.

...

35<br />
A man in my troop is beginning to worry that crossing blades with the Titankin will anger Nikador.

Hah! Would we anger Nikador? Hilarious. When we all started laughing, they demanded an explanation.<br />
First, they would have to be calm first in order for us to anger them.<br />
Second, what could possibly anger them about us joining the Strife Titans in strife?<br />
Third, is there any difference between when Nikador is enraged and when they are not?

Having understood, he laughed. It really was a great joke.

...

47<br />
I dreamt of the late King. He has been gone several years now. Though the crown prince's methods may be elegant, we cannot approve of them.<br />
The King points and the warrior follows. That has always been our wish.

...

49<br />
We fought a great battle and lost a number of men. I cast out my spear, but I couldn't save them. Wait for me at the Temple of Heroes, my friends.

...

55<br />
I thought of a joke and rushed to write it down while I still remembered it.<br />
The mad god threw a feast and said that only great warriors were allowed to attend. Guess who wasn't invited...? The Okhemans.<br />
I've got no one to tell it to, but whatever.

...

78<br />
My blade has broken, but I'm not concerned. Every item in Kremnos can be turned into a weapon of war.

...

83<br />
I've suffered a few light wounds, but they are nothing serious. As long as I can still battle, I'm fine. It's just a little annoying writing a diary with one arm.<br />
Is there anyone around to help me hold the slate...? No...? Am I the only one left...?

...

85<br />
There's another warrior here. The youngest. Lost a leg. Uses a bow. He's a great guy. Much easier to write with him to lean on.

...

93<br />
Hah, I don't think that young warrior can see that mist-like black shadow.<br />
Thanatos? As our faith has already descended into madness, maybe letting them take us away might not be a bad way to go.

...

102<br />
Titankin. So many Titankin. They never get sick of battle, just like me.<br />
The warrior has gone to meet Nikador. Or maybe it was Thanatos? Who cares? Say hello to our comrades for me.<br />
I have gotten used to not leaning on anything to write anymore.

...

10...something<br />
Another Titankin. That's my spear that it's holding. Is it after revenge or something?<br />
It is looking at me. I am looking at it. Everything is red. I can't see clearly.<br />
I've started craving honey brew again lately. I've had too much pure stuff lately, so I need a change in flavor.

It's panicking in fear? Even if I only have one arm, I'm still writing my nonsense on these slates.<br />
How ironic. Run away, Titankin of the mad god. You are not fit to be a Kremnoan.<br />
'''{{Size|36|Strife}}'''<br />
'''{{Size|36|Honor}}'''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dyed Red Slate
|zhs  = 染红的石板
|zht  = 染紅的石板
|ja   = 赤く染まった石板
|ko   = 붉게 물든 석판
|es   = Losa teñida de rojo
|fr   = Tablette rouge
|ru   = Окроплённые кровью скрижали
|th   = แผ่นหินที่ย้อมสีแดง
|vi   = Phiến Đá Nhuốm Đỏ
|de   = Rot gefärbte Tafel
|id   = Prasasti Berwarna Merah
|pt   = Placa Vermelha Tingida
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}