<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Festive Culinary Guide#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 434
|partIds      = 190735;190736
|title        = 
|image        = Item Festive Culinary Guide.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 2
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A cookbook personally curated by a renowned Okheman gourmand. Every Titans' disciple will be able to find a recipe to their liking in it.
|part1        = (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = (II)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Festive Culinary Guide''' is a 2-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===(I)===
<br />{{Size|28|<div align="center">"Fate Season"</div>}}

<div align="center">Month of Gate: Janus' Double-Sided Pancake</div><br />Ingredients:<br />500g of Okhema earthen wheat flour, 100ml of olive oil, 10g of rock salt, 100ml of Phagousa's fine brew, 300g of cloudsheep mince (marinated with vanilla and chopped beforehand), 300g of vegetable filling (chopped leek, celery, and dill)

Directions:<br />1. Mix flour and salt in a clay pot, then slowly add olive oil and warm water into it. Use your hands to knead into dough. Cover with a wet cloth, and let it rest for half a day.<br />2. Prepare two types of fillings: One is fresh cloudsheep meat, marinated with vanilla and chopped up prior, then add salt for a bit of seasoning. Next is finely chopped leeks, celery, and dill, which are stirred with a little olive oil.<br />3. Cut the dough into two and flatten each into a circular shape.<br />4. Brush olive oil over a clay baking tray, place one circular dough on it, then spread meat and vegetable filling on each half.<br />5. Place the other circular dough over the first one as a cover, then seal the sides tightly.<br />6. Brush olive oil over the surface, place in a preheated stone kiln, baking for about four quints, till the surface is crisp and golden.<br />7. After taking it out, pour a little honey over the surface.

''The double-sided pancake symbolizes Janus's connectivity &mdash; one side faces the past, the other ushers in the future.''<br />''On the first day of the Month of Gate, family members will gather around the dining table, then the eldest member cuts open the pancake, after which they take turns to taste it. The vegetable filling representing the past is eaten first, to reminisce on memories. Then the meat filling representing the future is eaten, to welcome the new year. After finishing the dish, the youngest member will speak their new year wishes aloud as the representative, to pray to Janus to open the gate to a wonderful future.''



<div align="center">Month of Balance: Scale Soup of the Day of Reflection</div><br />Ingredients:<br />200g of white beans, 200g of black beans, 200g of lima beans, 200g of Georios roots (cut into small pieces), 200g of tear onions (chopped), 200g of celery (cut into small pieces), 50ml of olive oil, 3 bay leaves, salt to taste, black pepper to taste, 2 liters of rockspring water

Directions:<br />1. After washing the beans, soak them one day in advance.<br />2. Add olive oil to a large copper pot, then add tear onions when it's heated, then sauté until transparent.<br />3. Add all other ingredients (beans must be drained first), and add water until they are just submerged.<br />4. Boil over a large fire, then reduce to a small fire, add bay leaves, cover the pot and simmer for two hours, until the beans and vegetables are soft and cooked.<br />5. Add salt and black pepper to taste, use a wooden spoon to mash up some of the beans to thicken the soup.

''The second month is the Month of Balance that Talanton watches over. Before them, all food ingredients must weigh exactly the same to maintain balance over the scale. During dinner on the Day of Reflection, drinking Scale Soup is a most important ritual to be observed. Before eating, everyone must speak out loud their own reflections of their past actions in unison before partaking in the Scale Soup.''

...

<br />{{Size|28|<div align="center">"Pillar Season"</div>}}

<div align="center">Month of Cultivation: Georios' Seven-Grain Bread</div><br />Ingredients:<br />500g of earthen wheat flour, 500g of cloud wheat flour, 50g of wet oats, 50g of millet, 30g of flax seeds, 30g of sesame seeds, 20g of chia seeds, 15g of yeast, 10g of salt, 30ml of honey, 400ml of Phagousa's warm brew, 30ml of olive oil

Directions:<br />1. Grind all grains into powder in a stone pestle and mortar, then mix all dry ingredients in a large clay bowl.<br />2. Dissolve the yeast in a little warm water, then add honey and stir well.<br />3. Make a hole in the middle of the flour, pour in the yeast and honey mixture, the remaining water, and olive oil.<br />4. Knead into dough with your hands till a smooth ball is formed, which will take about 1 to 2 quints.<br />5. Cover the dough with linen cloth, then leave it out in a sunny spot for half a day to rise, till it doubles in size.<br />6. Knead into dough again, release the air bubbles, and after shaping it into a ball, score the surface with wheat-ear patterns, then let it rise again for 5 quints.<br />7. Preheat the kiln, use the peel to place the bread in it, and bake for about three quints, till it makes a hollow sound when you tap the bottom.

''This is a classic Amphoreus dish: In the Lucid Hour of the Sowing Festival, farmers will gather in the wheat fields, tear the baked seven-grain bread into pieces, and distribute them to everyone on the farm. Everyone will chew on their bread, savoring the seven flavors gifted by Georios.''<br />''In the village, farmers still have the tradition of scattering their leftover bread in the fields, a prayer to Georios for a bountiful harvest of the seven grains in the new year. In Okhema and other cities, the residents have modified this custom, tossing their leftover bread into their potted plants instead. Regardless of their practices, the sowing work can only officially commence once this ritual ends.''



<div align="center">Month of Joy: Phagousa's Laughter</div><br />Ingredients:<br />2 fresh fish (cleaned and sliced into pieces beforehand), 500g of Spiraleye tentacles (cut into pieces), 500g of starshells (cleaned), 2 tear onions (chopped), 4 cloves of garlic (chopped), 100ml of olive oil, 4 wolfpeppers (peeled and chopped), 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig of rosemary, salt and black pepper to taste, 500ml of Phagousa's fine brew 500, 1 liter of rockspring water

Directions:<br />1. Heat olive oil in a large copper pot, sauté the tear onions and garlic till softened.<br />2. Add wolfpeppers and simmer for 15 minutes.<br />3. Add a whole bottle of Phagousa's fine brew, then add bay leaves and rosemary. Cook till the fine brew evaporates.<br />4. Add water, then wait till the broth boils before adding the Spiraleye tentacles, then cook for 15 minutes.<br />5. Add fish chunks and starshells, cook over low fire for 30 minutes, till the fish is fully cooked and the starshells have opened.<br />6. Add salt and black pepper to taste, then serve.

''During the revelry in the Month of Joy, many in Okhema will gather in the city's public spaces and stew this giant pot of fish soup together. When the soup is done, remember to pour the first spoon of the soup onto the ground as thanks to Phagousa. When the appreciation ritual is completed, you can enjoy the fish soup.''<br />''During this time, remember to blow hard on the surface of the fish soup, to ideally imitate the sound of laughter. It is said if Phagousa hears enough merriment, they will infiltrate the crowd and bask in the feast with everyone else, bestowing their mysterious graces upon all present.''

...

===(II)===
...

{{Size|28|<div align="center">"Creation Season"</div>}}

<div align="center">Month of Reaping: Cerces' Leaves of Wisdom</div><br />Ingredients:<br />20 large leaves (such as grape leaves or fig leaves) washed and drained, 200g of cooked pearl barley, 100g of lightly roasted pine nuts, 200g of cloudsheep milk cheese (mashed), 50g of fresh mint, 50g of fresh parsley, lemon juice (from 3 lemons), 50ml of olive oil, rock salt and black pepper to taste

Directions:<br />1. Mix the cooked pearl barley, pine nuts, cloudsheep cheese, mint and parsley in a large clay bowl.<br />2. Add lemon juice, olive oil, rock salt and pepper, then stir evenly.<br />3. Quickly blanch the large leaves in boiling water to soften them. Douse in cold water after removal, then drain.<br />4. Place a spoonful of the mixed ingredients on each leaf, then use the leaf to wrap them up as filling.<br />5. Add a little olive oil to a shallow copper pan, then lightly sauté the wrapped leaf till both sides are slightly charred.

''This dish was originally invented in the Grove of Epiphany as the highlight of the annual celebration feast. During this evening feast, these Leaves of Wisdom were piled high as a mountain on a large plate for guests to use at their discretion.''<br />''What is worth mentioning is that only the scholars who achieved outstanding merits that year would be invited to the Grove's feast. Perhaps it is this reason that led people to believe that they would receive Cerces' guarded secrets if they also ate the Leaves of Wisdom.''<br />''What is interesting is that the Grove would stash bitter herbs randomly among the leaves. According to scholars who had the honor of attending, this was because the bitterness would stimulate the taste buds &mdash; the scholars saw this act as an opportunity to spur thought and growth.''

...



{{Size|28|<div align="center">"Calamity Season"</div>}}

<div align="center">Month of Strife: Nikador's Shield of Victory</div><br />Ingredients:<br />500g of red wheat flour, 15g of yeast, 10g of salt, 300ml of warm water, 50ml of olive oil, 100ml of Nikador's ambrosia, 100g of Nikador Fruits, 100g of walnuts (slightly chopped), 2 sprigs of rosemary (remove leaves and chop those up)

Directions:<br />1. Dissolve yeast in warm water and let it rest for 15 minutes till it froths.<br />2. Pour red wheat flour and salt into a large wooden bowl, then mix.<br />3. Pour the yeast water, olive oil, and Nikador's ambrosia into the flour, then stir evenly.<br />4. Knead the dough for about 30 minutes, till it becomes smooth and elastic.<br />5. Knead the Nikador Fruits, walnuts, and rosemary leaves into the dough.<br />6. Cover the dough with linen cloth, then let it rise for 75 minutes in a sunny spot.<br />7. Press on the dough surface with a shield-shaped stamp, or shape it into a shield by hand, then let it rest and rise for 30 minutes.<br />8. Preheat the kiln, place the dough in it and let bake for about 75 minutes till the surface is a deep red. Ideally, it should make a hollow sound when you tap its bottom.

''This is a specialty of Castrum Kremnos. Its making is said to commemorate the heroes who died in war.''<br />''The bread's deep red crust symbolizes the sacrifices in war, and the nuts and vanilla inside symbolize tenacious spirits and honor. Nikador's disciples use this shield-shaped bread to pay tribute to this Titan and to inspire the fighting will of their troops.''



<div align="center">Month of Mourning: Thanatos' Requiem Pudding</div><br />Ingredients:<br />500ml of cloudsheep milk, 100g of rice, 50ml of honey nectar blessed by Mnestia, 1 stick of cinnamon, lemon peels (1 lemon's worth), a little rock salt, 50g of almonds (chopped)

Directions:<br />1. Wash the rice and soak it for 15 minutes.<br />2. Pour cloudsheep milk into a copper pot, then add cinnamon, lemon peels, and a little salt. Heat over a low fire till bubbling, then add the washed rice.<br />3. Simmer over a low fire and keep stirring with a wooden spoon till the rice is completely cooked and softened, and the ingredients in the pot are starchy. This process will take about 60 minutes.<br />4. Add Mnestia's honey nectar and keep stirring till completely blended.<br />5. Turn off the fire, remove the cinnamon and lemon peels. Add chopped almonds, then stir lightly.<br />6. Pour the mixture into a clay bowl and let it rest till room temperature. Then place it in the ice casket and chill for at least 30 minutes till it is completely congealed. (When the outdoor temperature is lower, you can place the clay bowl in a ventilated area outside).<br />7. Before eating, sprinkle a few Nikador Fruits as garnish.

''This pudding is pure white. During the nights of the Month of Mourning, many families will raise a miniature Thanatos altar, then gather around it and offer the pudding. They take turns speaking of memories shared with the deceased, then they can eat the pudding.''<br />''Legend has it that the more emotional the memory, the easier it is to earn Thanatos' blessing &mdash; The Titan will soothe the spirit of the departed and helps the living find closure. Remember to leave a serving of pudding for Thanatos when the ritual has ended to give thanks to them.''



<div align="center">Month of Fortune: Spirit Day's Lucky Cookies</div>

Ingredients:<br />Mix 300g of wheat flour and 100g of butter (softened at room temperature), 100g of sugar, 1 Dollo egg, 5ml of vanilla extract, a little rock salt, 100g of various dried fruits (such as dried figs, apricots, raisins etc., must be chopped), 100g of various nuts (such as walnuts, chestnuts, etc., must be chopped)

Special Tools:<br />Paper strips made from cloudsheep hide (written with various fortunes, some good, some bad)<br />1 Zagreus' Silver Coin (must be cleaned beforehand)

Directions:<br />1. Stir the softened butter and sugar in a large clay bowl until smoothened.<br />2. Add the Dollo egg and vanilla extract and keep stirring.<br />3. Slowly add flour and salt, then knead into a dough.<br />4. Mix the chopped dried fruits and nuts into the dough, then place the dough into the ice casket and chill. Let it rest for 45 minutes.<br />5. Take out the dough and roll it on a floured surface until it is only about half a finger's thickness.<br />6. Cut the dough into shapes that you like using a mold or knife.<br />7. Insert a fortune paper slip into each cut dough piece and place a silver coin into a random piece of dough. Then, use the other dough to cover it and seal the edges.<br />8. Place the cookies on a baking tray pre-brushed with olive oil, then place into a pre-heated kiln and bake for 30 minutes till the edges are crispy yellow.

''The last day of the Month of Fortune is also known as the Spirit Day. Okhema's citizens believe that the year's misfortunes will end on this day.''<br />''People share lucky cookies with one another at midnight on Spirit Day. Before eating them, remember to first break apart the crispy cookie and interpret the fortunes written on the sheepskin slips. You might even discover a Zagreus' Silver Coin within &mdash; the person who gets the silver coin in a plate of lucky cookies will receive the protection of this God of Trickery.''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Festive Culinary Guide
|zhs  = 节庆美食烹饪指南
|zht  = 節慶美食烹飪指南
|ja   = 祝祭料理の手引き
|ko   = 축제 요리 가이드
|es   = Guía culinaria para celebraciones
|fr   = Guide culinaire pour les fêtes
|ru   = Сборник праздничных рецептов
|th   = คู่มือประกอบอาหาร ในเทศกาล
|vi   = Sổ Tay Nấu Ăn Lễ Hội
|de   = Kulinarischer Leitfaden für Feste
|id   = Panduan Memasak Makanan Festival
|pt   = Guia de Culinária Festiva
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}