<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fragment Scroll of the Cleaners' Registry#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 541
|partIds      = 190870
|title        = 
|image        = Item Fragment Scroll of the Cleaners' Registry.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A classified scroll extracted from the Coreflame Casket, containing the sacred names and life histories of the Cleaners.
|part1        = Fragment Scroll of the Cleaners' Registry
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Nikador
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Fragment Scroll of the Cleaners' Registry''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''No. 7'''


'''<s>Sixteenth Generation: Olivia, Architect Officer</s>'''<br />
Served as the Architect Officer of Okhema, overseeing the restoration of the Marmoreal Palace.<br />
Cleared sections of the collapsed underground chambers, connecting various strongholds through tunnels. Passed away peacefully in sleep.<br />
Essence has been extracted, awaiting a suitable successor.


'''Seventeenth Generation: Livia, Brewmaster'''<br />
Stationed at Marmoreal Palace, occasionally working at the Hero's Bathhouse, responsible for gathering intelligence on the Chrysos Heir.<br />
When receiving the ambrosia, tapping the cup wall three times signals for intelligence to be discreetly attached to the bottom of the plate with the next serving.


...


'''No. 23'''


'''<s>Forty-First Generation: Gregoni, Scholar of Helkolithism</s>'''<br />
Infiltrated the Helkolithism School to steal research findings in pursuit of improving the inheritance ritual.<br />
Fatally injured by a hammer throw during a discus competition, did not survive.<br />
Essence has been extracted, awaiting a suitable successor.


'''<s>Forty-Second Generation: Koroni, Guard Captain</s>'''<br />
Stationed at Marmoreal Market, responsible for granting passage privileges and responding to operations when necessary.<br />
Killed in a Nikador faction ambush, fatally wounded while escorting refugees, did not survive.<br />
''(A sharply written annotation) "Every generation, every single one ends like this... Before acting on impulse, remember why you inherited this title. Is this the kind of death befitting a Cleaner?"''<br />
Essence has been extracted, but is temporarily sealed. Successor selection is postponed.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fragment Scroll of the Cleaners' Registry
|zhs  = 清洗者的名录残卷
|zht  = 清洗者的名錄殘卷
|ja   = 粛清者名簿の断片
|ko   = 청소부의 명단 잔본
|es   = Fragmento de pergamino del registro de los purificadores
|fr   = Fragment du registre des Purgateurs
|ru   = Порванный список чистильщиков
|th   = เศษคัมภีร์ รายชื่อผู้ชำระ
|vi   = Danh Sách Kẻ Thanh Tẩy
|de   = Fragmentrolle des Registers der Säuberer
|id   = Serpihan Daftar Pembersih
|pt   = Pergaminho Fragmentado do Registro dos Higienistas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}