<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Janusopolis Ritual Manual#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 457
|partIds      = 190766
|title        = 
|image        = Item Janusopolis Ritual Manual.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A tome that has been passed down for generations in Janusopolis that contains the ritual process and past experiences.
|part1        = Janusopolis Ritual Manual
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Janusopolis Ritual Manual''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Prologue</div><br /><div align="center">''This manual is the guidance of the tripartite prophecy,''</div><br /><div align="center">''may Janus bestow upon us paths,''</div><br /><div align="center">''may Talanton bestow upon us fairness,''</div><br /><div align="center">''and may Oronyx bestow upon us revelations.''</div>

<div align="center">Chapter 1: Ritual Hours</div><br />Morning Ritual (Entry Hour)<br />1. When opening the door of the temple, one must pray to Janus first.<br />2. Light the three everbright lamps to symbolize the tripartite of destiny.<br />3. Sweep the floors of the temple and change the offerings.

Dawn Ritual (Lucid Hour)<br />1. Recite the Tripartite Ode.<br />2. Record the questions asked by the visitors.<br />3. Prepare offerings.

Dusk Ritual (Parting Hour)<br />1. Light incense sticks to purify the altar.<br />2. Place the offerings of the day.<br />3. Recite the oracle's text.

<div align="center">Chapter 2: Ritual Rules</div><br />Basic Rules<br />Follow Talanton's Words: The offerings must bear the same weight as the prayer. This is the law of the scale, and must not be disobeyed.

Common Offerings and Their meanings<br />1. Balance Coins: Symbolizes the changes of destiny.<br />2. Crystals: Symbolizes the clarity of the prophecies.<br />3. Honey: Symbolizes the sweetness of languages.<br />4. Clothes: Symbolizes the curtain of Oronyx.<br />5. Mirrors: Symbolizes the two faces of Janus.<br />6. Scale: Symbolizes the fairness of Talanton.<br />Note: Offerings must be complete and of the purest quality.

Taboos<br />1. One must not offer items of misfortune.<br />2. One must not offer items of others.<br />3. One must not offer items during the Entry Hour.

<div align="center">Chapter 3: Prayer</div><br />Morning Ritual<br />Master of the paths shall show us the way, the sovereign of fairness shall keep the balance, and the spirit of the night shall grant us wisdom. I knock on the door to ask for an audience with the divine, I make offerings to ask about the future, and I bow down to ask for guidance.

Inquiry Prayer<br />Life is but a leaf, adrift with waves. Tripartite fate, to what end does it lead? Janus illuminates my path, Talanton steadies my course, and Oronyx shows me the truth.

Gratitude Prayer<br />I thank the tripartite fate for heeding me and offering guidance. May the eternal shine never dim, and may the divine words forever endure.

<div align="center">Chapter 4: Prophecy Rules</div><br />Preparation<br />1. The Holy Maiden must bathe and purify herself.<br />2. She must wear a white ritual robe and a silver mask.<br />3. She must hold the two-faced staff of Janus.<br />4. She must light the tri-colored holy fire.

Prophecy Procedures<br />1. The acolyte will light the incense and guide the way.<br />2. The Holy Maiden will ascend to the seat of destiny.<br />3. The visitor will place their offerings.<br />4. The Holy Maiden will read the revelations.<br />5. The Holy Maiden will read the prophecy once destiny indicates the result.

Prophetic Records<br />1. All prophecies must be recorded on special sheepskin scrolls.<br />2. Prophecies must be recorded with ink made from silver powder.<br />3. Three witnesses must provide their signatures.<br />4. Prophecies will be kept in a secret chamber within the room of prophecy.

<div align="center">Chapter 5: Special Ceremonies</div><br />New Moon Ceremony<br />The New Moon ritual must be held at the beginning of every month. At that time:<br />1. All the gates of the tripartite temple shall be opened.<br />2. Twelve mirrors shall be placed to symbolize the wheel of destiny.<br />3. The Holy Maiden shall lead everyone around the temple three times.<br />4. The Long Ballad of Fate shall be recited.

Janus' Maze Revelational Ceremony<br />Exclusively held for important questions:<br />1. Set up an inquiry magic circle.<br />2. The Holy Maiden casts a spell to open the gateway.<br />3. Place a double-sided mirror into the magic circle.<br />4. Decipher the reflection in the mirror.<br />5. Record the revelation.

<div align="center">Afterword</div><br />This manual was created and edited by the Holy Maidens of past generations. May these rules be followed to obtain the truth. Violators shall face the punishment of destiny.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Janusopolis Ritual Manual
|zhs  = 雅努萨波利斯祭祀手册
|zht  = 雅努薩波利斯祭祀手冊
|ja   = ヤヌサポリス祭祀教本
|ko   = 야누소폴리스 제사 수첩
|es   = Manual de rituales de Janópolis
|fr   = Manuel de rituel de Janusopolis
|ru   = Компендиум ритуальных подношений Янусополиса
|th   = คู่มือการสักการะ Janusopolis
|vi   = Sổ Tay Cúng Tế Janusopolis
|de   = Ritualhandbuch von Janusopolis
|id   = Panduan Ritual Janusopolis
|pt   = Manual de Rituais de Janusópolis
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}