<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Letter from the Fairies#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 572
|partIds      = 191901;191902;191903;191904;191905
|title        = 
|image        = Item Letter from the Fairies.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 5
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A letter found in the mailbox of the Membrance Maze, addressed to you, carrying the fairies' heartfelt blessings.
|part1        = The First Letter
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = The Second Letter
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = The Third Letter
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = The Fourth Letter
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part5        = The Fifth Letter
|source5      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Letter from the Fairies''' is a 5-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===The First Letter===
To our friend from the outside, (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">Do come and make friends with the fairies, mem!<br />
Everyone here is warm and welcoming.<br />
Remember, only children with pure hearts<br />
can ever find the path to the Maze.

I've included some little gifts with this letter.<br />
Hope you have a wonderful time in the Maze, mem!

Spoken by Dolimem, penned by Relimem</div>

===The Second Letter===
Dear (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">The Chief said you've visited many places<br />
and gone through countless adventures.<br />
I would love to sit by the tree hollow<br />
and hear all about your amazing travels.

The Great Tree will remember your stories,<br />
and so will I.

Your biggest fan, Latitimem</div>

===The Third Letter===
To my friend (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">Did you know flowers have their own moods?<br />
They stand tall and proud when happy,<br />
and droop their heads when feeling sad.<br />
As their gardener, I take good care of them all.<br />
Whoever looks down gets a nice splash of water.

Since your arrival, I've made a giant watering can.<br />
Its powerful streams wash away mountains of worries.<br />
As your friend, I want to take the best care of you.

Your caring friend, Solimem</div>

===The Fourth Letter===
Welcome, (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">My absolute favorite thing is celebrating festivals.<br />
When everyone gathers, singing songs and dancing together.<br />
I wish time would fly by even faster,<br />
so I could teach you fairy dances at our next gathering.

Yet once the celebration starts, I find myself wishing<br />
that time would slow down, just a little bit more.<br />
Not because I want more Lantern Persimmons or Quillorbs,<br />
but simply to enjoy more moments with friends.

Lalimem, who wants to hang out with you</div>

===The Fifth Letter===
To (Trailblazer), who traveled from afar:

<div align="center">I keep many little booklets,<br />
each named after one of my friends.<br />
Every happy moment we share together<br />
gets carefully recorded inside.<br />
These heavy pages hold the precious weight of memories.

I've set aside an especially big, thick booklet just for you,<br />
since joy is never in short supply when we're together.

With enthusiasm, Tilamem</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Letter from the Fairies
|zhs  = 来自妖精的信
|zht  = 來自妖精的信
|ja   = 妖精からの手紙
|ko   = 요정이 보낸 편지
|es   = Cartas de las hadas
|fr   = Lettres des fées
|ru   = Письмо от фей
|th   = จดหมายจากภูต
|vi   = Lá Thư Từ Yêu Tinh
|de   = Brief von der Fee
|id   = Surat dari Peri
|pt   = Carta das Fadas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}