<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Letter from Mifamem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 575
|partIds      = 191910;191911;191912;191913
|title        = 
|image        = Item Letter from Mifamem- Reparation.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 4
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A letter from Mifamem, Phainon's fairy pen pal, revealing small worries and past memories.
|part1        = About Repairing
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = About Cleaning
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = About Cooking
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = About Adventure
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Letter from Mifamem''' is a 4-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===About Repairing===
To my dear friend Snowy:

<div align="center">You wrote back! I was so excited that I greeted every passing fairy!<br />
The Chief told me you'd gone somewhere far, far away and couldn't possibly reply.<br />
I never believed him. It was really you, wasn't it?</div>

(<div align="center">I followed your instructions and made a broom. The house was sparkling clean in no time.<br />
The power of a broom is incredible.</div>/<div align="center">I tossed out most of the furniture &mdash; except for that clay jar.<br />
We used it back then to hold the wild berries we picked.<br />
The berries are long gone, but it still carries that sweet, tangy scent.</div>)

<div align="center">I probably shouldn't check the mailbox daily. It's getting worn out so fast.<br />
Back then, you fixed it in just one afternoon with all those clinking and clanking.<br />
How exactly did you do it? I'd like to fix it myself, but I simply can't remember how.

Your dear friend<br />
Mifamem</div>

===About Cleaning===
To my dear friend {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Snowy}}:

<div align="center">Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to you.<br />
You haven't written back once since that rushed goodbye.<br />
Do you still remember our promise to explore the outside world together?

I've been diligently practicing my branch swings &mdash; one hundred times every single day, mem!<br />
You're so terribly late that I'm really starting to get upset, mem!

Even if you've already embarked on your journey without me, please write and share your adventures.<br />
I'll read them as bedtime stories and fall asleep with your letters beneath my pillow.

Your dear friend<br />
Mifamem</div>

P.S. Snowy, the Chief borrowed your "Wondrous Cleaning Gadget" and completely wore it out. I've tried everything to fix it, but nothing works. Now the dust on my cabinet is thick as a snowdrift and flies everywhere at the slightest touch. What should I do, my dear friend?

===About Cooking===
To my dear friend Snowy:

(<div align="center">Heh, how I wish you could see the mailbox now!<br />
While I was at it, I fixed the crooked shelves and creaky beams too.<br />
Even if I'm gone one day, they'll stay solid and steady &mdash; right up until the world's very end!</div>/<div align="center">Sorry, partner, I didn't really get everything you said.<br />
But after asking the chief, I gave the repairs a try. It wasn't too bad, I guess?<br />
The mailman seemed oddly inspired by it though!<br />
It mumbled something about "instant messaging," "mobile payments," and "the internet connects everything," before leaving.<br />
So strange, mem.</div>)

<div align="center">There's something I've been curious about for a while.<br />
How is it that I receive replies so promptly whenever I send you a letter?<br />
Would you mind sharing that little secret with me?

All this activity has made my tummy rumble like crazy...<br />
I can still remember exactly how that cookie tasted when you broke it in half and shared it with me.<br />
If you wouldn't mind, could you teach me your recipe?

Your dear friend<br />
Mifamem</div>

===About Adventure===
To my dear friend Snowy:

<div align="center">Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening!<br />
A kindhearted traveler helped repair my wind chime.<br />
And guess what? I've finally embarked on an adventure, just like you did!

I've crossed the farthest hill and climbed the highest branch.<br />
Then floated down holding onto dandelion fluff.<br />
I've sipped the sweet waters of forest streams and wrapped myself in thick leaves for warmth.<br />
During downpours, I found shelter within cozy tree hollows.

And yesterday, I found myself in a standoff with a beetle.<br />
I brandished my branch and claimed victory, winning some delicious nuts as my reward!

I've asked the beetle to bring you this letter with my question&mdash;<br />
How exactly does one start a fire, mem?<br />
I've grown quite weary of crunchy biscuits and desperately crave something warm and cozy!


Your dear friend<br />
Mifamem</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Letter from Mifamem
|zhs  = 来自咪发迷的信
|zht  = 來自咪發迷的信
|ja   = ミファミュンからの手紙
|ko   = 미파미가 보낸 편지
|es   = Cartas de Mifamem
|fr   = Lettre de Mifamem
|ru   = Письмо от Мифаме
|th   = จดหมายจาก Mifamem
|vi   = Lá Thư Từ Mifamem
|de   = Brief von Mifamem
|id   = Surat dari Mifamem
|pt   = Carta de Mifamem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}