<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Letter to Mifamem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 574
|partIds      = 191907;191908;191909
|title        = 
|image        = Item Letter to Mifamem- Reparation.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A response letter you wrote on behalf of Phainon to the fairy pen pal, sharing wisdom and advice.
|part1        = About Repairing
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = About Cleaning
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = About Cooking
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Kephale
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Letter to Mifamem''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===About Repairing===
Dear Mifamem:

(Dear friend, of course I'm Phainon!<br />
Born in Aedes Elysiae, I'm the son of Hieronymus and Audata. Well, my family bonds nearly ended the day I left the wheat out in the rain when I was eight.<br />
Let's just say a parent's tough love is a form of love nonetheless. Likewise, maybe the village chief was just worried that you'd be scammed. A little caution never hurt anyone, after all./Firstly, Phainon is known as the Deliverer. I've saved plenty of worlds myself. Also, quite a few people have said &mdash; publicly on multiple occasions, mind you &mdash; that I bear a striking resemblance to Phainon. And finally... Phainon has never denied that I am him.<br />
Therefore, this proves that I am Phainon himself.)

(I once journeyed to an ancient land where people lived on ships. Their homes adorned with vast, resplendent sails, gliding across the void.<br />
They had a unique philosophy of woodworking &mdash; using interlocking mortise-and-tenon joints to build structures of astonishing stability.<br />
Perhaps that might inspire you when fixing your mailbox./Mailboxes outside your door may break... but email never does! Even fairies like you need a little tech boost to keep up with the times.<br />
Email is a transmission system that delivers messages from one server to another address through certain agency protocols. Now that you understand the basics &mdash; why not give it a try?)

(Fixing things isn't hard.<br />
Sanding, carving, shaping. It's a lot like practicing swordplay &mdash; composed of countless extremely simple moments.

Best of luck, partner!/When your fingers trace the grain of the wood, you start to feel what it feels...<br />
And when you disassemble the decaying wooden board to paint it anew, you're giving it another chance at life.

There's only 99% ink left in this pen, so I'm gonna stop here for now!)

<div align="right">Forever and always<br />
Your good friend</div>

===About Cleaning===
Dear Mifamem:

(Dear friend, I was ecstatic to receive your letter. I'm sorry I had to set out on my journey without saying goodbye &mdash; some things just couldn't wait.<br />
As time flies, the past feels like a hazy trance, a brief nap on a heap of grass in a maze. It's as if I'm speaking to my past self, as I open this letter.<br />
Regardless, thank you for writing to me./Sorry, dear friend! You might not believe this, but not too long ago, I was trapped in a space station &mdash; exhibited as a collection! Maybe I've become a famous landmark now, I wonder if any tourists took pictures with me?<br />
Anyway, I only just woke up. It's wonderful to hear from you!)

(Abyss of Fate, Okhema, Castrum Kremnos... I've wandered far these past few years.<br />
But I think you'd like the Grove best. The people there live atop an ancient, towering tree &mdash; old and grand enough to house ten thousand little fairies. I pursued my studies there for a period of time, and met reliable friends and teachers I'll never forget.<br />
One day, I hope I can introduce them to you./Now, speaking of unforgettable adventures... I have to mention the very first stop on my journey. Snow deep to the chest, our toes were frozen stiff. A ruler, blinded by ambition, was bent on taking our lives. The Colossus at her command blotted out the sky &mdash; bearing down with the crushing force of a thousand avalanches...<br />
Let's leave the rest of that tale for another day.)

(That thing I made for you back then is actually called a "broom" &mdash; an essential tool in the outside world. All you need are thirty leaves, each as long as your arm, and some sturdy grass rope to bind them together.<br />
If counting to thirty's a bit much, just ask the chief for help!

Best of luck to you. I know our paths will cross again someday. And when they do &mdash; I'll tell you every story I've ever lived./Mifamem, remember this: give tools to civilization, not civilization to tools.<br />
You have to think out of the box sometimes. Toss out all the dirty furniture and get new stuff. That'll clean up everything, right?

The signal's weak here, it might cut off any second now. Let's chat again another time!)

<div align="right">Forever and always<br />
Your good friend</div>

===About Cooking===
Dear Mifamem:

(Dear friend, I'm so glad you noticed!<br />
At Kephale's feet lies Okhema, home to a group of red-haired messengers. They're about as tall as you are, and can open doorways between realms, sending letters with a whoosh, right to where they need to be! That's how this letter found its way to you./As for how it arrived so quickly... Maybe my longing for you has given it wings?<br />
Or maybe time flows differently in the maze. I'm afraid only time itself knows the answer to that.)

(Haha, to think you'd still remember that. It's been a while since I last tasted it too.<br />
I recall it was olive oil and wheat flour kneaded into dough, baked in the oven. As for the sugar... how many spoonfuls did Mom use again?<br />
I was too busy eating to pay attention. I kept telling myself I'd have the opportunity to learn the recipe before I leave.<br />
You can give it a few more tries!/The bustling streets of Okhema are also home to extraordinary cuisines. Among them lies a dish that stirs the soul &mdash; known only as the "Redsoil." It's a bit of an acquired taste, but making it is simple &mdash; just press the right kind of red soil into a solid block.<br />
It melts in your mouth, and the flavor lingers beautifully.)

(That's all from me for now. Eat well and sleep tight. Be happy, and live joyfully!/I'll end it here. All is well.)

<div align="right">Forever and always<br />
Your good friend</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Letter to Mifamem
|zhs  = 寄给咪发迷的信
|zht  = 寄給咪發迷的信
|ja   = ミファミュンへの手紙
|ko   = 미파미에게 보내는 편지
|es   = Cartas para Mifamem
|fr   = Lettres à Mifamem
|ru   = Письмо к Мифаме
|th   = จดหมายถึง Mifamem
|vi   = Lá Thư Gửi Đến Mifamem
|de   = Brief an Mifamem
|id   = Surat untuk Mifamem
|pt   = Carta para Mifamem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}