<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Letter from Gorgo, Mydei's Mother#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 481
|partIds      = 190794
|title        = 
|image        = Item Letter from Gorgo, Mydei's Mother.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A slate discovered in ancient Castrum Kremnos containing the last words of Mydei's mother, Gorgo.
|part1        = Letter from Gorgo, Mydei's Mother
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Nikador
|factions     = 
}}
'''Letter from Gorgo, Mydei's Mother''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''Mydeimos, my son,'''

If this letter reaches you... it means I have passed away, and yet you've somehow made it through, my child. Two days ago, I found out about how they wished to blaspheme Nikador with your life. But by then, you were already imprisoned, and even my frantic attempt to escape with you was too late. If I fail to convince your father &mdash; my husband, Eurypon &mdash; tomorrow, I'll launch a challenge to the crown, using gladiatorial combat to save you from his grasp. I'm not fully confident of my chances... but as your mother, I'm prepared to risk everything and sacrifice my own life, even dragging Eurypon with me into the depths of the River of Souls, if need be. When the throne stands vacant and chaos reigns in Kremnos, you can trust the protection of Krateros. He's my chosen guardian. You must treat him as an elder, and he will respect you as a king.

Mydeimos! Do not forget your father, Eurypon, even if you forget me, never forget that despicable king. We once vowed to terminate the tradition of patricide to usurp authority that sullies Kremnos in our era. Yet, along the journey, his greed and evil overwhelmed him, causing him to sacrifice even the honor of Nikador and tarnish Kremnos. Mydeimos! Do not follow in your father's footsteps!

Mydeimos, I still remember how your cry was so fragile and ethereal. Eurypon and I could never have imagined that such a feeble cry would come from our child. But when Nikador's battle cry resonated through the Soul-Forging Gate, echoing, the sound of your cry suddenly became crystal-clear resonant as the roar of the Tretos lion. There was no denying it: you are of pure Kremnoan blood, the son of {{Rubi|Gorgo|Founder of Kremnos}} born to take the crown!

But Mydeimos... I'm afraid your journey ahead is, starting tomorrow, fraught with hardships. I never thought I would be able to survive beneath the blade of the king of Kremnos, nor will I ever accept sitting by while Eurypon plans to take your life. Should that happen... you'd be orphaned, perhaps banished from Kremnos, forced to wander alone, forever branded with scars and blood.

Mydeimos... If this must come to pass... Then, as your mother, I wish you won't have to be the son of {{Rubi|Gorgo|Founder of Kremnos}}. You are simply the son of {{Rubi|Gorgo|Queen of Kremnos}}, the ordinary child of a Kremnoan mother. If you develop yourself with determination and eventually claim the title of champion or warrior, then I will be pleased even in the afterlife. However, if you have doubts about this so-called glory, then live as you please! Gorgo, the founder of Kremnos, per their will and their yearning, summoned Nikador and earned the glory of Strife. And you, my child, can also return home with true glory under the radiance of the Lance of Fury...

My dear Mydeimos...

Mydeimos...

<div align="right">Gorgo</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Letter from Gorgo, Mydei's Mother
|zhs  = 万敌之母，歌耳戈的遗信
|zht  = 萬敵之母&mdash;&mdash;歌耳戈的遺信
|ja   = モーディスの母、ゴルゴーの遺書
|ko   = 마이데이의 어머니, 고르고의 유서
|es   = Carta de Gorgo, la madre de Midei
|fr   = Lettre de Gorgo, la mère de Mydei
|ru   = Письмо от Горго, матери Мидея
|th   = จดหมายสั่งลาจาก Gorgo มารดาของ Mydei
|vi   = Di Thư Của Gorgo, Mẹ Của Mydei
|de   = Letzter Brief von Gorgo, Mutter von Mydei
|id   = Surat Peninggalan Gorgo, Ibu Mydei
|pt   = Carta de Gorgo, Mãe de Mydei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}