<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Livia's Drawing Book#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 569
|partIds      = 190898
|title        = 
|image        = Item Livia's Drawing Book.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A drawing book belonging to Livia, filled with vivid depictions of her rich inner world.
|part1        = Livia's Drawing Book
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Livia's Drawing Book''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
(...)

[Crayon Drawing: On the dock, a little blue figure hauls a giant fish from the water. Nearby, a little red figure stares up at a massive beetle in midair, with a windmill and golden wheat fields behind them.]

Today, I spotted a beetle with the most amazing markings, but before I could get a closer look, that idiot Piso scared it away, yelling like crazy.

Just because he caught a big fish... alas... Boys his age are seriously so immature.

(A number of pages are skipped.)

[Crayon Drawing: A golden lion, looking part cat and part dog, lies lazily on the ground. A little red figure reaches out to pet its soft, fluffy fur.]

Today, I found a picture of a lion in a book! It looked so beautiful. I really wish I could pet one someday... or even better, have one as a pet!

I heard that in the holy city of Okhema, there are lions who can talk and are exceptionally clever. I really want to go chat with them!

(A number of pages are skipped.)

[Crayon Drawing: A pink figure, backpack almost bigger than herself, stands beside a giant gift box. In the background: simple sketches of houses, a windmill, and golden wheat fields.]

Cyrene is about to leave the village on her big adventure. She promised me that if she has the chance, she'll visit the little lions of Okhema for me~

I also want to go with her, but I'm still too young now... So for now, I'll let my small gifts accompany her in my place.

(A number of pages are skipped.)

[Crayon Drawing: A pink figure with a huge bow on her head. The background is blurred and smudged, as if soaked through by water.]

Lately, I have been reading tons of books, and I discovered there are soooo many amazing places out there! Like... (the rest of the words are blurred and unreadable.)

(A number of pages are skipped.)

[Crayon Drawing: A little red figure stands in the center, surrounded by books, quill pens, branches, butterflies, and a great big question mark overhead.]

My tenth birthday is almost here! And after that, I won't be just a little kid anymore. It's time to start planning my future!

I want to become a teacher like mama, but I also want to roam all across Amphoreus, just like Cyrene... Ahh! It's so hard to decide! Maybe I should just become a bard instead!

(...)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Livia's Drawing Book
|zhs  = 莉维娅的绘本
|zht  = 莉維婭的繪本
|ja   = リウィアの絵本
|ko   = 리비아의 그림책
|es   = Cuaderno de dibujo de Livia
|fr   = Carnet de croquis de Livia
|ru   = Альбом Ливии
|th   = สมุดภาพของ Livia
|vi   = Sách Tranh Của Livia
|de   = Livias Bilderbuch
|id   = Buku Gambar Livia
|pt   = Livro Ilustrado de Livia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}