<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Merchant's Ledger#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 431
|partIds      = 190732
|title        = 
|image        = Item Merchant's Ledger.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A ledger belonging to a local Okheman merchant with a record of his recent trades and expenses. Perfectly ordinary.
|part1        = Merchant's Ledger
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Janus; Oronyx; Phagousa; Talanton
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Merchant's Ledger''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|28|<div align="center">Month of Gate</div>}}<br />
1. Janus Emblem<br />
Purchase Price: 50 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 80 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 20 boxes<br />
''*Everyone wants to have good luck at the turn of the new year. It sold quite well &mdash; a pity it is emblazoned with Janus' insignia, so it's really hard to come by.*''

2. Recycling Service<br />
Purchase Price: -<br />
Sale Price: 300 Balance Coins/trip<br />
Units Sold: 70 (3 dromases rented, 1 temp staff)<br />
''*Dromases are pretty useful, but they have an exorbitant rental fee. They're charging threefold the price during the new year &mdash; it's sheer daylight robbery! Ack! If only I could buy a dromas of my own...*''

3. Gilded Silk Handkerchief<br />
Purchase Price: 40 Balance Coins (Blank silk handkerchief), 150 Balance Coins (Customized name embroidery service)<br />
Sale Price: 2,500 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 25<br />
''*Products still have to be related to the Chrysos Heirs to be popular.*''

4. Tidal Holy Water (Blessed by Phagousa)<br />
Purchase Price: 100 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 200 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 15<br />
''*Said to be able to cleanse the black tide, though I reckon it's a scam. Even newcomers to the city aren't buying it, and it reeks of fermentation. Never stock up on this stuff again. No one's buying any of this.*''


{{Size|28|<div align="center">Month of Balance</div>}}<br />
1. Talanton's scale and weights set<br />
Purchase Price: 500 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 1,200 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 70<br />
''*Gotta hand it to the merchant guild for having foresight and deep pockets! Buying so many in one go, I'd be ashamed if I didn't give them a discount!*''

2. ''Talanton's Legal Commentary''<br />
Purchase Price: 120 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 200 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 30<br />
''*Everyone in Okhema should learn legal knowledge!*''

3. Contract Paper<br />
Purchase Price: 5 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 10 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 2,000<br />
''*Everyone is busy signing contracts this month, and I am no exception.*''

4. Oath Candle<br />
Purchase Price: 30 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 99 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 150<br />
''*The younger folk sure love buying this. I can smell an opportunity... Going to stock this up in advance next year.*''

5. Talanton's Notary Seal Set<br />
Purchase Price: 800 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 954 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 300<br />
''*The guild of rhetoric teachers pre-ordered these. Can't earn much from it.*''

{{Size|28|<div align="center">Month of Evernight</div>}}<br />
1. Oronyx Astral Chart<br />
Purchase Price: 1,000 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 1,500 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 150<br />
''*I don't get it. You can't see any stars in Okhema, yet those astrologers are scrambling to buy this. What exactly are they looking at?*''

2. Invigorating Incense Pack<br />
Purchase Price: 400 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 600 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 50<br />
''*With that stinging smell, it's no wonder it's invigorating!*''

3. Divining Sheep-Bone Tile Set<br />
Purchase Price: -<br />
Sale Price: 190 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 30<br />
''*Zero-cost business is always the best, apart from the trouble needed to carve sheep bone.*''

4. Veil of Evernight Tent<br />
Purchase Price: 2,000 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 2,750 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 50<br />
''*A new favorite of rich folks. Apparently, it provides a great night's sleep when spread over your bed. I wonder if that's true?*''

5. Obsidian Dagger<br />
Purchase Price: 500 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 800 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 30<br />
''*With an unsharpened edge, I have no idea what the point of this dagger is, but Oronyx's disciples love this.*''

{{Size|28|<div align="center">Month of Cultivation</div>}}<br />
1. Bug Repellent<br />
Purchase Price: 20 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 25 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 800<br />
''*Mediocre effect, but wins out in price. I also don't feel good making money off farmers. I mean, I am a farmer's child after all...*''

2. Rainwater Collector<br />
Purchase Price: 2,000 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 2,800 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 100<br />
''*Those who fear dry seasons have all gotten one. Word is going around that the harvest in the next few years will be affected by the black tide, though I remain suspicious.*''

3. Dromas Feed Bag (Rainbow Soil)<br />
Purchase Price: 800 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 1,200 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 50<br />
''*No wonder the workshop staff placed some orders with me. I didn't know how heavy one bag would be! My back almost gave out just carrying it around!*''

{{Size|28|<div align="center">Month of Joy</div>}}<br />
1. Phagousa-Blessed Crystal Chalice<br />
Purchase Price: 260 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 390 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 40<br />
''*It is said that the water drunk from this cup is particularly sweet.*''

2. Ribbon (Waterproof Coated)<br />
Purchase Price: 30 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 40 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 800<br />
''*Everyone is preparing for the festivities.*''

3. Woven Garland<br />
Purchase Price: 20 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: <s>35 Balance Coins, 30 Balance Coins, </s>25 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 5<br />
''*These aren't selling well. So frustrating. Everyone still prefers to make their own.*''

{{Size|28|<div align="center">Month of Everday</div>}}<br />
1. Aquila Energy Lamp<br />
Purchase Price: 200 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 300 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 0<br />
''*Said to store light. I thought Aquila disciples would go wild for this... But I forgot it's always bright in Okhema. This was a drastic mistake!*''

2. Linen Sun Hat<br />
Purchase Price: 40 Balance Coins<br />
Sale Price: 50 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 80<br />
''*I learnt a lesson from that energy lamp fiasco. Since it's always bright in Okhema, there'll definitely be people needing this.*''

3. Chilled Spring Water<br />
Purchase Price: -<br />
Sale Price: 5 Balance Coins<br />
Units Sold: 200<br />
''*This sells faster than Phagousa's fine brew. Just a bit troublesome having to take these out from the ice casket.*''

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Merchant's Ledger
|zhs  = 商贩的账册
|zht  = 商販的帳冊
|ja   = 商人の帳簿
|ko   = 상인의 장부
|es   = Agenda del comerciante
|fr   = Livre de compte d'un marchand
|ru   = Журнал торговца
|th   = สมุดบัญชีของคนค้าขาย
|vi   = Sổ Sách Của Tiểu Thương
|de   = Kassenbuch des Händlers
|id   = Buku Kas Pedagang
|pt   = Registro do Comerciante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}