<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Nodist Recruitment Prospectus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 493
|partIds      = 190806
|title        = 
|image        = Item Nodist Recruitment Prospectus.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An enrollment brochure designed recently by the School of Nodism under the Grove of Epiphany. It is clear to see that the school believes these requirements to be extremely simple and easy.
|part1        = Nodist Recruitment Prospectus
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Nodist Recruitment Prospectus''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
1. The Nodist School aims to cultivate students with a solid theoretical foundation and are capable of utilizing absolute rigorous methods of inference to study the relationships between all things, as well as to measure the quantity of all things, their structures, the spaces they exist in, and the changes therein.

2. As the school with the longest history in the Grove of Epiphany, scholars have access to priceless knowledge that has been handed down through the Nodist School over millennia. This knowledge is built on a basis of a very small and necessary number of foundational facts, and employs strict tautology to eliminate all<br />"self-evident truths" that may create misconceptions.

3. It is for this reason that although our school may revere the Titans in daily life and honor the morality of Amphoreus, when it comes to research, we refuse to discuss them without rigorous consideration. We discourage anyone who would use this as an excuse to indulge in excessive vapid discussion without engaging in the work of academia from joining.

4. Our school maintains the belief that, as a theoretical pillar, mathematics is a science that examines the relationships between all things in this world in an absolute and rigorous manner. We welcome all seniors, fellows, and students who also hold this opinion of mathematics.

5. This school does not set any form of standardized assessments. That being said, in order to ensure that no one's time is wasted, we hope that you will consider your ability to answer the following questions before contacting us:

1. Why is it that the conclusions reached by mathematics can be deemed worthy of the name "truth" when those of the other schools can only be referred to as "knowledge"?<br />2. Why is it that even the great and mighty Titans are forced to obey the laws of mathematics?<br />3. Why is it that we say that if the world were to have a foundational language, then it must be mathematics?<br />4. Why is it that people say the divine authority of the Titans can be changed as they please, but the conclusions of mathematics could not possibly ever change?<br />5. Why is it that it is not just numbers alone, but the concept of infinity (infinitely small, infinitely large, infinite distance) can also become objects of study for mathematicians?<br />6. Why is it that the seemingly objective study of mathematics is a creation of the subjective will in humanity and Titans, and also cannot ever be separated from it?<br />7. Why is it that (6) and (1) do not contradict each other?<br />8. Why can 1+1=2 be completely proven with just a single sentence?<br />9. Mentally calculate the square root of any two-digit integer and produce the correct result within half a minute.

6. If you are interested in joining the school, please contact Sage Apuleius' head secretary, Mr. Nicomachus. (Note: Nicomachus works at the Lucid Hour from Mondays to Fridays. The rest of their time is reserved for personal activities, and they are absolutely not to be disturbed.)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Nodist Recruitment Prospectus
|zhs  = 绳结学派招生简章
|zht  = 繩結學派招生簡章
|ja   = 結縄学派の募集要項
|ko   = 노두스 학파 모집 요강
|es   = Guía de admisión de la Escuela Nodista
|fr   = Brochure de recrutement de l'École nœudiste
|ru   = Правила приёма в Школу узелков
|th   = ประกาศรับสมัครนักเรียน สำนักเงื่อนคำนวณ
|vi   = Thể Lệ Chiêu Sinh Học Phái Dây Thừng
|de   = Aufnahmerichtlinien des Nodismus
|id   = Brosur Penerimaan Murid Sekolah Simpul
|pt   = Prospecto de Recrutamento dos Nodistas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}