<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ode of Trickery#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 436
|partIds      = 190738
|title        = 
|image        = Item Ode of Trickery.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A Titan hymn used to expel Zagreus, chanted by travelers going away on distant voyages so that they would not fall prey to banditry and deceit.
|part1        = Ode of Trickery
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Ode of Trickery''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''During your travels, singing songs will repel Zagreus and reduce the chances of encountering deception and pilfering along your journey.''

Who was born from the tears of Kephale, splashing teardrops of myriad sizes upon the earth?<br />Please refrain from your schemes, the Coin of Whimsy with two faces and bodies, the shadow of Zagreus.<br />Did golden butterflies not drive you away before? In its hallowed temple, the position stolen by you, the priest deceived.<br />Two crimson shadows streak across the sky.<br />One is a shade that not even Mnestia's wings can hope to catch.<br />One is a thieving star that not even Aquila's eyes can hope to seek.<br />You have stolen the wine offering, the ambrosia of bees and butterflies.<br />You have stolen the prayers of the altar, the odes to beauty and love.<br />What else will you steal? Why not your own shadow, and depart post-haste.<br />If you linger till the all-knowing father thwarts your schemes, the Scale of Justice will flog you in its judgment.

Who pretends to be the traveler, singing ballads of the grape-colored seas?<br />Please refrain from your schemes, the Coin of Whimsy with two faces and bodies, the shadow of Zagreus.<br />The howling tides yet call out your name, giant waves ripping ships to shreds, yet the vessel stolen by you unseen.<br />Were you the one who caused the ocean's rage? I have heard the sounds of your treads when you fled across the waves.<br />A snore hiding beneath the mire of the abyss.<br />A song hiding among sirens call.<br />Do not continue your reprieve, Titan of Trickery.<br />I will shove your trail into an amphora, and throw it into the vortex of glorious blooms.<br />I will carve your tricks on a stone slab, offering it to the Chalice of Plenty.<br />What are you waiting for? Why not flee with that Spirithief of yours.<br />Are you waiting for the inebriated Phagousa to strap you to a rock, till the bone-flaying storm hammers you to dust?

Who disrupts the footsteps of destiny, sowing discord amongst eternally unchanging order?<br />Please refrain from your schemes, the Coin of Whimsy with two faces and bodies, the shadow of Zagreus.<br />Within the Gate of Infinity, subjected to your trickery, time weeps in darkness, strange days, the trail of chance.<br />Rolling gold coins become wheels, bandits hide their forms, gamblers go all in.<br />The absent-minded Titans will not find out, boldly weave your games.<br />Even Cerces will be fooled.<br />Even Thanatos will be blinded.<br />Scoundrel, why do you enrage your kindred so?<br />To even harbor delusions of stealing the Dawn Device from its very grasp.<br />But it is all for naught, its weight exceeds you by ten thousand.<br />Are you waiting for the lost Titans to find their way, and shackle you to a corner in the sky?

Who listens to the songs till this moment, lurking amongst the catastrophe of conspiracy, presuming some would laud your deeds in melody?<br />I have seen through your schemes, the Coin of Whimsy with two faces and bodies, the shadow of Zagreus.<br />Kephale's dawn has revealed your shadow, no matter where you flee.<br />Talanton's law pierces your shadow, even if you cry out in false remorse.<br />Zagreus, with destiny as a witness, I persuade you to depart with haste.<br />Are you waiting for me to expose you, my foot on your shadow, mocking your pathetic and laughable farce?

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ode of Trickery
|zhs  = 诡计颂歌
|zht  = 詭計頌歌
|ja   = 詭術の賛歌
|ko   = 계략의 송가
|es   = Oda al engaño
|fr   = Ode à la Ruse
|ru   = Ода коварству
|th   = เพลงสรรเสริญเพทุบาย
|vi   = Bài Ca Lừa Lọc
|de   = Ode an die Gaunerei
|id   = Ode Tipu Muslihat
|pt   = Ode aos Truques
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}