<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ode to the Dawn Device#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 531
|partIds      = 190859
|title        = 
|image        = Item Ode to the Dawn Device.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A collection of poems singing praises of the Dawn Device, considered essential reading for all priests serving Aquila.
|part1        = Ode to the Dawn Device
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Kephale
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Ode to the Dawn Device''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
In the Golden Age of the gods, Aquila, the Titan of light, ruled the skies, their hundred eyes illuminating the earth like stars.<br />
In one eternal moment, boundless sorrow welled up in the heart of the Sky Titan.

For they had sacrificed its brightest eyes, bestowing upon Kephale the flames of wisdom.<br />
Now this Worldbearing Titan could no longer gaze directly at the splendor of the skies.

So at the end of countless millennia, Aquila summoned all Messengers to the deepest reaches beyond the sky.<br />
There, the Titan's divine blood merged with lightning, forging an eternally undying radiance.

Seven cycles of day and night, seven powers of the celestial realms, seven infusions of divine blood.<br />
The Sky Titan sacrificed their own eternity to forge this unprecedented creation.

Each ray of dawn embodies the Titan's heartbeat, and each beam of light pulses with divine blood.<br />
Fragments of stars circulate within, the power of thunder concentrated therein.<br />
This is the sacred vessel capable of illuminating for eternity.

When the Dawn Device was forged, stars dimmed before it and mists dispersed.<br />
Its radiance outshone a thousand suns, its magnificence leaving the gods breathless.<br />
This is the Sky Titan's most sacred creation.

"I swear by eternity,"<br />
Aquila proclaimed to Kephale,<br />
"this device flows with my divine blood, inherits my divine power."<br />
"Even if all my hundred eyes should close, it will forever illuminate your realm."

"This is not merely a gift,"<br />
"but a covenant of our blood connection."<br />
"I forge light for you from my own eternity, just as you support the sky dome with your shoulders."<br />
"Henceforth, we are brothers bound by fate."

When the sacred vessel was delivered to the Eternal City,<br />
all Messengers bowed in reverence,<br />
for they understood the divine decree.<br />
This was not merely a gift, but an eternal covenant.

Since then, the Dawn Device has stood in silence,<br />
slumbering at the highest point of Okhema,<br />
waiting for the moment when it must awaken.<br />
Just as Aquila promised,<br />
this is a promise forged in eternity.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ode to the Dawn Device
|zhs  = 黎明机器颂
|zht  = 黎明機器頌
|ja   = 黎明のミハニの賛歌
|ko   = 여명 기계 송가
|es   = Oda al Dispositivo del Amanecer
|fr   = Ode à l'Instrument de l'aube
|ru   = Панегирик мехагелиосу
|th   = สดุดีเครื่องจักรรุ่งอรุณ
|vi   = Bài Ca Cỗ Máy Bình Minh
|de   = Ode an die Morgenrot-Maschine
|id   = Syair Perangkat Fajar
|pt   = Ode ao Dispositivo do Alvorecer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}