<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Old Cargo Bill of Lading#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 570
|partIds      = 190899
|title        = 
|image        = Item Old Cargo Bill of Lading.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A cargo receipt discovered at the port, detailing trade between the village and the outside world.
|part1        = Old Cargo Bill of Lading
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Georios; Phagousa
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Old Cargo Bill of Lading''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''[Scattered cargo receipts found at the Aedes Elysiae port. The corners have been worn away by seawater, leaving parts of the writing illegible.]''

<div align="center">[Furniture Bill of Lading]</div><br />Shipper: ███████<br />
Consignee: Hieronymus<br />
Vessel: The Laurel<br />
Port of Loading: Okhema<br />
Port of Discharge: Aedes Elysiae<br />
Goods: 20 twin-eared vases, 10 dolia<br />
Copies Made: 3<br />
Notes: My dear friend, it seems Georios has truly blessed your fields. Your harvests are fuller and more vibrant than ever. The fresh wheat from your last shipment sold out in under three days! The customers at Marmoreal Market couldn't stop praising it, saying that the bread made from Aedes Elysiae wheat carries the very taste of happiness.<br />
The artisans of Okhema are skilled in crafting all manner of fine pottery. This time, we've sent you twenty twin-eared vases and ten dolia aboard the Laurel. May sky father shield them from Phagousa's wild tempests. I trust these vessels will find good use in your granaries, keeping your golden harvest safe and sound.

<div align="center">[Tool Bill of Lading]</div><br />Shipper: ███████<br />
Consignee: Galba<br />
Vessel: The Swift Birch<br />
Port of Loading: Okhema<br />
Port of Discharge: Aedes Elysiae<br />
Goods: 5 jars of bowstring wax, 2 whetstones, 1 file, 1 set of arrowhead molds<br />
Copies Made: 3<br />
Notes: My apologies, old friend! Things have been so hectic here, all the weapon smiths were urgently conscripted by the city, and I had no choice but to put my orders aside for a while. To make it up to you, I've added three extra jars of bowstring wax to the shipment.<br />
Honestly, sometimes I envy you, being able to set your own schedule. I'm not getting any younger. Spent half a lifetime forging arrowheads, yet never once did I nock an arrow for myself. Sometimes, I wonder if there could've been a place for me aboard your ship too.

<div align="center">[Book Bill of Lading]</div><br />Shipper: ███████<br />
Consignee: Pythias<br />
Vessel: The Muse<br />
Port of Loading: Grove of Epiphany<br />
Port of Discharge: Aedes Elysiae<br />
Goods: 50 rolls of papyrus<br />
Copies Made: 3<br />
Notes: Professor Pythias, the Grove is vast, far grander than our entirety of Aedes Elysiae! I've passed the entrance exam and now study under the Lotophagists, surrounded daily by the strangest of plants. Father's farming lessons have come in handy. These delicate crops wilt if left even a day unattended, so I'll be here a long while. But once I graduate, I'll return to teach beside you.<br />
These scrolls were chosen for the village students, covering history, politics, and rhetoric. If anyone asks about the world beyond, now you'll have books to show them. Curiosity, like a seed, will one day take root, just as you wished. It will grow from Aedes Elysiae into the wider world beyond.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Old Cargo Bill of Lading
|zhs  = 陈旧的货物提单
|zht  = 陳舊的貨物提單
|ja   = 古びた貨物引換証
|ko   = 오래된 운송장
|es   = Viejo conocimiento de embarque
|fr   = Bon de livraison usé
|ru   = Старая транспортная накладная
|th   = ใบตราส่งสินค้าเก่าๆ
|vi   = Vận Đơn Hàng Cũ
|de   = Alter Frachtbrief
|id   = Daftar Muatan Barang yang Usang
|pt   = Conhecimento de Carga Antigo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}