<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#On the Duality of Cerces#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 483
|partIds      = 190796
|title        = 
|image        = Item On the Duality of Cerces.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The work of a Nousporist scholar that revolutionized the way the people of the Grove thought of the Titan, Cerces.
|part1        = On the Duality of Cerces
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Cerces
|factions     = 
}}
'''On the Duality of Cerces''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Preamble</div><br />In the years that offers verifiable historical records, the study of Titans has become a prominent science and has continued to flourish. However, it seems that exploration into Cerces has never gone deeper than the surface level. As a Nousporist scholar, I must say that this phenomenon is ironic &mdash; that our research into reason lacks any depth of reason at all.

In my many years of research, I have noticed a phenomenon that is worth serious consideration: As the manifestation of reason, what Cerces themself displays are not purely logical characteristics, but a subtle duality. This duality is not only reflected in their choice of form, but also in the way that they influence the world.

<div align="center">The Riddle of Form</div><br />First, let us consider a question: Why would the embodiment of reason choose to descend to the world in the form of the giant tree? This choice in itself harbors a deeper meaning. There are many records of scholars' thoughts regarding this question in the ancient writings of the Grove of Epiphany. Some believe that this is a rejection of geometry, and some believe that this hints that logic must be rooted in reality.<br />
According to records saved in the Library of Philia, Cerces first took root in the world right at the beginning of the Era Creatura. The world at that time was full of chaos and instability, yet Cerces chose to tightly intertwine themself with the earth through their roots. This choice insinuates that logic is not in fact above nature, it actually needs to grow in the soil of reality.

<div align="center">The Dual Authority of Reason</div><br />In my research, I have discovered that the authority of Cerces actually consists of two seemingly contradictory aspects: Rational thought and procreation of life. This kind of duality has never been seen before in another Titan. When we observe the White Dryads of the Grove of Epiphany, this duality is particularly clear to see: They are not only capable of carrying out philosophical speculation but also maintaining the most primordial life force.<br />
In my recent research on the rings of the Sacred Tree, I discovered that the growth of its rings displays surprising order and regularity. This order bears a striking resemblance to the golden ratio summarized by ancient mathematicians. This seems to show that the foundation of reason comes from the observation of the laws of nature.

<div align="center">Unity of Knowledge and Life</div><br />In the history of the Grove of Epiphany, we can see how Cerces perfectly unifies these two seemingly contrasting qualities. They are both the guardian of knowledge and the nurturer of life. Whenever the sparks of inspiration burst forth in the Grove, the giant tree will condense dew to sustain new ideas. These ideas will be converted into nourishment to promote the growth of life.<br />
One particularly noteworthy idea is the Chamber of Purifying Tears's design. The traditional view is that cold aids in activating the brain and promoting thought. However, I have discovered through research that cold is a form of purification that allows those who seek knowledge to return to life's most basic and authentic state. This kind of ritualistic design perfectly embodies Cerces's dual attributes of reason and life.

<div align="center">Revelation</div><br />This discovery holds a special meaning in our current generation. When the black tide raged, and we were forced to leave our homes, pure rational planning alone would likely lead us to despair. It is just as I witnessed during my evacuation: Those who rely on reason alone will never get far, while those who listen to both the rational mind and the call of nature will often find a way to escape danger.<br />
I will use the research of us Nousporists as an example: If we rely simply on cold alchemical calculations when seeking transformation from mortal to higher beings, we are doomed to failure. True transformation requires us to understand the duality of reason: It is the guidance to thought and the rhythm of life.

<div align="center">Conclusion</div><br />Through the research into the duality of Cerces, I have come to an important conclusion: Reason is not as singular as we commonly believe. It is both a method of thought as well as the rhythm of nature &mdash; the origin of knowledge and the impetus of growth. It is precisely this duality that has allowed Cerces to play such a unique role within the order of Amphoreus.<br />
As I write this manuscript, I cannot help but recall the White Dryads I saw in the Grove of Epiphany. As they unfurled their branches and leaves under the rays of light, they not only abode by the most rational rules of growth, but they also displayed the most natural form of vitality. Perhaps this is the most direct hint that Cerces has left for us: That true reason must coexist symbiotically with life itself.

''(Note: Part of the argument in this manuscript is derived from the research conducted on the age rings of the Grove of Epiphany's Sacred Tree. My sincere gratitude to my Nousporist colleagues for their support and suggestions.)''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = On the Duality of Cerces
|zhs  = 论瑟希斯的双重性
|zht  = 論瑟希斯的雙重性
|ja   = サーシスの二元性について
|ko   = 세르세스의 이중성에 대하여
|es   = Sobre la dualidad de Cerces
|fr   = La dualité de Cercès
|ru   = О дуализме Керкес
|th   = ว่าด้วยทวิลักษณ์ของ Cerces
|vi   = Bàn Về Tính Hai Mặt Của Cerces
|de   = Über die Dualität von Cerces
|id   = Teori Dualitas Cerces
|pt   = Na Dualidade de Cerces
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}