<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Poems by Lipos#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 460
|partIds      = 190769;190770;190771
|title        = 
|image        = Item Poems by Lipos (I).png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A collection of poems written by Lipos, detailing his experiences in different areas as a traveler from another land.
|part1        = (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = (II)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = (III)
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Poems by Lipos''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===(I)===
(...)

'''{{Size|28|"The Last Veranda"}}'''

Have you heard of the last city on top of the sacred mountain,<br />Where the immortal god shoulders the eternal sun?<br />In silence, dawn lingers on.<br />In stillness, hope is never truly gone

O displaced soul, where does your path now lead?<br />The black tide's surging. Chaos is raging. Death is prevailing.<br />O exiled vagabond, do you still expect tomorrow?<br />The gods are silent. Fate is gloomy. Madness is rampaging

Seek the paradise amidst the fallen world,<br />Where sunlight, pure springs, and fertile soil still exist.<br />Find the veranda of that merciful god,<br />Where laughters, feasts, and fine wine are not yet lost

(...)

===(II)===
(...)

'''{{Size|28|"The Sacred Wasteland"}}'''

The deserted capital of Three Titans, now overrun by the black tide and its evil creatures.<br />The shattered tiles, once witnesses of gods' miracles, now shrouded in the haze of an eternal night.<br />I heard that this used to be the holy land of the faithful and a refuge for the lost.<br />But I see that the palaces are now homes for snakes and rats, playgrounds for worms and bugs

As the gods fell silent, the priests abandoned them, and all mortals lost their homeland.<br />All were displaced, as the Holy Maiden rebelled and fled, becoming with the passages scattered fleeting starlight.<br />Behind the gates, bitter winds whisper divine decrees. Before the balanced scales, wild weeds thrive unchallenged.<br />The burdens of the abyss are too heavy to endure. The prophetic words are too promising to fulfill.

Looking around, a heavy melancholy swells<br />Humans without gods are like a boat adrift without its oars.<br />Where can the body find shelter, now that the Era Chrysea has passed?<br />What can comfort the soul, when the world is filled with dread?

(...)

===(III)===
(...)

'''{{Size|28|"The Citadel in the Sky"}}'''

A mobile citadel, a city that rose amidst chaos.<br />Fearless and fierce, it never attempts to conceal its prowess.<br />Drifting high in the sky, it appears to be close to Aquila.<br />Yet, its loyalty belongs solely to Nikador's spear.

Every Kremnoan troop is elite. Every Kremnoan weapon is refined.<br />Every Kremnoan is a glorious warrior who will never betray the name of soldiers.<br />They drink pomegranate juice as if it were blood. They keep their blades close at hand.<br />Their final paths always lead them to battlefields vast.

Listen &mdash;<br />The sons of Gorgo are singing that tune once more:<br />"Better to die in battle than return even in glory!"<br />"Blood is our crown, and death is our supreme honor!"

(...)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Poems by Lipos
|zhs  = 利波的诗集
|zht  = 利波的詩集
|ja   = リポ全詩集
|ko   = 리포스의 시집
|es   = Antología poética de Lipos
|fr   = Poèmes de Lipos
|ru   = Сборник стихов Липоса
|th   = ชุดบทกวีของ Lipos
|vi   = Tập Thơ Của Lipos
|de   = Lipos’ Gedichte
|id   = Kumpulan Puisi Lipos
|pt   = Poemas de Lipos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}