<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Prayers of the Oronyx Altar#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 564
|partIds      = 190893
|title        = 
|image        = Item Prayers of the Oronyx Altar.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A compact prayer book documenting the Oronyx ceremonial phrases, comprehensive enough to address all everyday village scenarios.
|part1        = Prayers of the Oronyx Altar
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Oronyx
|factions     = 
}}
'''Prayers of the Oronyx Altar''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''"Memory is not a prison of the past, but a guiding light to the future. Oronyx teaches us that only by remembering history can we truly foresee what lies ahead."''

<div align="center">"Twilight Prayer"<br />
''&mdash; Recited at Dusk''<br />
O Watcher of the Endless Starry Sea,<br />
O Weaver of the Evernight Veil,<br />
Oronyx, Seer of all that is yet to come,<br />
We humbly offer our devotion here.<br />
As you veil the heavens above,<br />
Let the Eye of Aquila be closed,<br />
And we ask for your mercy,<br />
Guide us safely through the dark of night.<br />
The past, present, and future rest in your hands,<br />
The threads of fate weave through your fingers,<br />
All of time listens to your call,<br />
May you accept our humble offering.

"Priest's Oath of Service"<br />
I will watch through the endless night like the stars,<br />
Silent as time itself,<br />
Unwavering as fate.<br />
I will bear the weight of the Skyveil,<br />
Guarding the sacred secrets of prophecy,<br />
Becoming the servant of the darkened hours.<br />
No matter how faint the starlight may be,<br />
No matter how dim the path ahead,<br />
I will follow the call of the Evernight,<br />
Until my soul is woven into the Skyveil.

"Villager's Prayer"<br />
''&mdash; A Simple Daily Prayer''<br />
Lord Oronyx,<br />
Guide our steps along the path ahead,<br />
Grant us restful sleep through the night,<br />
Bestow upon us wisdom for the days to come.

"Harvest Prayer"<br />
''&mdash; A Prayer for Sowing and Harvest Seasons''<br />
Oronyx, Lord of Time,<br />
Count the days of our sowing,<br />
Record the hours of our labor,<br />
Measure the moments of our harvest.<br />
As your night enfolds the light of day,<br />
Let our seeds grow strong in the darkness,<br />
And when your destined moment arrives,<br />
Let us reap the fruits of our labor.

"Dream Seeking Prayer"<br />
''&mdash; A Prayer for Revelatory Dreams''<br />
Guide me through the dark, Oronyx,<br /> Let my dreams shine like a river of stars.<br />
As I close my eyes,<br />
Show me glimpses of distant visions.<br />
The past is gone, the future yet unseen,<br />
Only the present belongs to us.<br />
But in the sacred realm of dreams,<br />
Let me glimpse the shadows of fate.

"Astral Retrospection Prayer"<br />
''&mdash; For Official Astronomical Ceremonies''<br />
Where does the river of time flow?<br />
The omniscient Eye of Oronyx sees all.<br />
Memories of the past shine like stars,<br />
Grant us the strength to follow their light.<br />
As the heavens turn and fate weaves its pattern,<br />
We wish to unveil destiny beneath your watchful gaze,<br />
Hoping to find the light of truth within.

"Yearly Gratitude"<br />
''&mdash; A Birthday Prayer of Thanks''<br />
Another year has passed, Oronyx,<br />
Another cycle of time etched in my life.<br />
Thank you for your precious gift of time,<br />
Allowing me to walk this earth for another year.<br />
The fate you have woven,<br />
Whether filled with joy or sorrow, hardships or fortunes,<br />
I accept it all with gratitude,<br />
For this is the path you have set before me.<br />
May the days ahead teach me<br />
To cherish each moment more,<br />
As you do with each star,<br />
As you bless each memory.</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Prayers of the Oronyx Altar
|zhs  = 欧洛尼斯祭坛祷词集
|zht  = 歐洛尼斯祭壇禱詞集
|ja   = オロニクスの祭壇祈言集
|ko   = 오로닉스의 제단 기도집
|es   = Oraciones del Altar de Oronix
|fr   = Prières de l'autel d'Oronyx
|ru   = Молитвенник для алтаря Оронис
|th   = รวมคำอธิษฐานแท่นบูชา Oronyx
|vi   = Tuyển Tập Lời Cầu Nguyện Của Tế Đàn Oronyx
|de   = Gebete an Oronyx’ Altar
|id   = Kumpulan Doa Altar Oronyx
|pt   = Preces do Altar de Oronyx
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}