<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Record of the Departed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 546
|partIds      = 190875
|title        = 
|image        = Item Record of the Departed.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A register of the deceased. Before the Era Nova, someone shall see it completed.
|part1        = Record of the Departed
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Kephale; Thanatos
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Record of the Departed''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
In the year 2147 of the Light Calendar, the holy city faced the calamity of the black tide and faded into the night.<br />
This tome chronicles the fallen and records the sorrow of Okhema.

'''{{Size|28|Fallen Soldiers, Priests, and Scholars}}'''<br />
...

• Alpheus and Maronzas – Twin brothers who perished for the holy city.<br />
(

/<br />
• Petros – A valiant Mountain Dweller, his sacrifice immortal.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Margusa - A wise researcher who unfortunately passed away at a market.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Ulysse – A acolyte, perished while shielding companions.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Nereia – A Kephale priest, her mission ended at her resting place.<br />
)<br />'''{{Size|28|Fallen Citizens}}'''<br />
...

• Antigone – Daughter of Garcia, perished in a collapsed home.

• Theagis – A mother of three, perished embracing her youngest.<br />
(

/<br />
• Albus – A righteous man, passed away in prayer.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Bolaris – A man of the people, perished facing the Black Tide Creatures.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Hygilos – A merchant, found dead in his shop.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Lucretia – A friend of the dromas, perished after fulfilling what should be done.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Marcus – A weathered man, met his fate beyond Okhema.<br />
)


<br />'''{{Size|28|Missing Persons}}'''<br />
• Hegesia – A humble soul, missing.

'''{{Size|28|Others}}'''<br />
• Ten unidentified bodies, features unrecognizable.

...

May the grace of Thanatos guide these souls to a new world.<br />
We shall meet again at the edge of the west wind.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Record of the Departed
|zhs  = 逝者录
|zht  = 逝者錄
|ja   = 故人名簿
|ko   = 망자록
|es   = Registro de los fallecidos
|fr   = Registre des disparus
|ru   = Список умерших
|th   = บันทึกผู้วายชนม์
|vi   = Ghi Chép Về Người Đã Khuất
|de   = Aufzeichnung der Verstorbenen
|id   = Daftar Orang yang Meninggal
|pt   = Registro dos Mortos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}