<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sky Reconnaissance Logs of the Divine Foal#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 552
|partIds      = 190881
|title        = 
|image        = Item Sky Reconnaissance Logs of the Divine Foal.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The Janus' Steed who have visited the skies. This manuscript serves as proof of their existence.
|part1        = Sky Reconnaissance Logs of the Divine Foal
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Janus
|factions     = 
}}
'''Sky Reconnaissance Logs of the Divine Foal''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Day 1<br />
Two matters to report, one good and one bad.<br />
The good news is that the city in the sky truly exists. This discovery alone would ensure our promotion to priests upon our return!<br />
The bad news is that we can't go back, haha.

Day 3<br />
We've installed numerous secret passages and gained a preliminary understanding of this fortress's structure.<br />
To think those barbaric Ladonians share the same noble lineage as the esteemed healers of the Twilight Courtyard? I still find this hard to believe.

Day 5<br />
We discovered documents left by sky dwellers with extensive records of ceremonial activities. While specific forms vary by racial origin, they share a common characteristic &mdash; put simply, throwing things down from the sky.<br />
Thinking back to folk tales about food raining from the sky and weapons falling from above, one must consider their connection to these sky rituals.

Day 8<br />
I've seen lions and heard birds sing, but never a lion imitating bird calls.<br />
Also, the divine foal is made of wood, not a real horse &mdash; so please stop staring at me like that, it's creepy!

Day 9<br />
Pursued by a pegasus, lost all our supplies.<br />
Our provisions are nearly depleted, yet this iron-stone fortress shows not a single sign of life. What will we do when hunger truly strikes?

Day 10<br />
Found a solution.

Day 15<br />
My companion could no longer endure the torment of sky-bound existence and merged his soul essence with the divine foal.<br />
This was his choice. I was powerless to intervene.

Day 17<br />
Major breakthrough in our investigation of Skyfolk history &mdash; the complete version of the forbidden legend of the Daythunder Knight and Aquila!<br />
Though written in a style apparently aimed at younger readers and featuring sacrilegious illustrations, it matters not. Historians should pursue knowledge with childlike eagerness.<br /> &mdash; Surely this isn't merely some ancient comic book, right?

...

Day 24<br />
The boredom has become unbearable. I've collected various small trinkets from around here, placed them in a box, and left it at the divine foal's resting place.<br />
Perhaps someone will discover them in the future.<br />
I've had a revelation &mdash; could this be the true origin of treasure chests in mazes?

...

Day 33<br />
The High Priest has come to rescue me! Praise Janus!!!<br />
My companion has become one with the divine foal, which is deeply regrettable. I shed tears, but they were of no avail.<br />
I record here the most important discovery of this journey as a conclusion, hoping to offer some small assistance to future generations.


&mdash;The wooden planks of the divine foal can satisfy hunger, and their taste is quite acceptable.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sky Reconnaissance Logs of the Divine Foal
|zhs  = 神驹的天空勘察记录
|zht  = 神駒的天空勘察紀錄
|ja   = 神馬の天空調査記録
|ko   = 신마의 하늘 정찰 기록
|es   = Registro de exploración del cielo del potro divino
|fr   = Carnets de reconnaissance du ciel du destrier divin
|ru   = Журнал священного коня о разведке небесного полиса
|th   = บันทึกการสำรวจท้องฟ้าของอาชาเทพ
|vi   = Nhật Ký Trinh Sát Bầu Trời Của Ngựa Thần
|de   = Aufzeichnungen zur Himmelsüberwachung des göttlichen Fohlens
|id   = Catatan Pengintaian Langit oleh Kuda Ilahi
|pt   = Registros de Reconhecimento Aéreo do Potro Divino
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}