<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Styxia Fables#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 527
|partIds      = 190854;190855
|title        = 
|image        = Item Styxia Fables (I).png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 2
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A collection of fables passed down from the City-State of Dragons and Waves "Styxia", compiled by the bardess Archepia.
|part1        = (Part One)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = (Part Two)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Styxia Fables''' is a 2-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===(Part One)===
''A collection of fables passed down from the City-State of Dragons and Waves "Styxia," compiled by the bardess Archepia. This copy is gifted to Castorice by Trianne.''

<br /><div align="center">'''The Dragon and the Princess'''</div>

<br /><div align="center">When the dragon's wings first swept across Styxia like waves crashing against the rocks, </div><br /><div align="center">all &mdash; from the poor to the rich, from the curious to the fearful &mdash; looked up in awe.</div>

<br /><div align="center">"Dragon, dragon, why are you silent and sorrowful?"</div><br /><div align="center">The princess climbed to the high tower where the dragon made its nest,</div><br /><div align="center">gently stroking its forehead with pity.</div>

<br /><div align="center">The dragon's wings revealed decaying flesh, blackened pus poured from within,</div><br /><div align="center">the distant black tide had transformed it into a monster.</div><br /><div align="center">It opened its mouth and swallowed the compassionate princess whole.</div>

<br /><div align="center">"A great disgrace! We must avenge her!"</div><br /><div align="center">The archers with silver bows and blacksmiths with hammers gathered seven hundred warriors,</div><br /><div align="center">swearing to cut open the dragon's belly and rescue the princess.</div>

<br /><div align="center">It was a fierce battle &mdash; stones shattered, columns fell,</div><br /><div align="center">until the dragon was riddled with countless bone-exposing wounds, bled black blood, and perished.</div><br /><div align="center">The princess, pulled from the dragon's belly, was already lifeless.</div>

<br /><div align="center">"My child, born of my flesh and blood, how could I allow you to perish before me?"</div><br /><div align="center">The grieving queen summoned the kingdom's most precious treasure and called upon an alchemist.</div><br /><div align="center">In the high tower, the alchemist set a ritual, drawing the dragon's bones and gathering its soul,</div><br /><div align="center">hoping to reshape the scattered flesh of the dragon into the reborn form of the princess.</div>

<br /><div align="center">But how could the corrupted flesh of darkness give birth to a pure white flower?</div><br /><div align="center">The "princess," resurrected from death, extended her claws and unfurled her massive bony wings &mdash;</div><br /><div align="center">And devoured every last soul of the city.</div>

<br /><div align="center">As the evil dragon's wings finally cast the shadow of "death" over Styxia,</div><br /><div align="center">none &mdash; be they poor, rich, weeping, or trembling &mdash; could resist its grasp.</div>

<br /><div align="center">Styxia, once a land of treasured glory, your people, until their last breath, refused to blame you,</div><br /><div align="center">refused to blame the loving queen, the valiant centurion, the wise mage, or the kind princess,</div><br /><div align="center">only lamenting the inevitable and unstoppable black death that sealed their fate.</div>

<br />''*Archepia's note: Oho! This story holds great value. If this is true, then it was the evil dragon that brought death to Styxia. But where is the dragon now, the one who once took the form of the princess?*''

===(Part Two)===
''A collection of fables passed down from the City-State of Dragons and Waves "Styxia," compiled by the bardess Archepia.''

''In addition to the tale of the dragon devouring the princess, the book also includes many other poetic fables, an excerpt of which follows:''

<br /><div align="center">'''The Wishing Clock'''</div>

<br /><div align="center">Long before the dragon's arrival,</div><br /><div align="center">there hung an extraordinary clock in our high tower, unmatched by anything else.</div>

<br /><div align="center">It knew the precise moment when saffron would bloom, when the tides would ebb and flow.</div><br /><div align="center">It knew when the day began and when it would end &mdash; truly, it knew the answers to all the world's questions.</div><br /><div align="center">Hence, people from all walks of life would come to visit the tower.</div>

<br /><div align="center">One day, a young man, troubled by love, approached:</div><br /><div align="center">"Clock, clock, my lover's father is making things difficult for us,</div><br /><div align="center">he's asked me to separate a granary full of mixed wheat and barley into two piles,</div><br /><div align="center">Please, tell me how I can do it?"</div>

<br /><div align="center">"Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock.</div><br /><div align="center">Have a sweet dream. Tonight, the ants on the Ant Isle are moving out.</div><br /><div align="center">These tiny creatures will help you move them."</div>

<br /><div align="center">Then came a nobleman, adorned with a cap and rings on every finger,</div><br /><div align="center">"Tell me quickly, clock!</div><br /><div align="center">Do I have enough wealth to buy you?</div><br /><div align="center">If not, I'll shatter you into pieces!"</div>

<br /><div align="center">"Tick, tock, tick, tock,</div><br /><div align="center">Even kings who ignore their subjects' pleas shall tumble from their thrones into the depths.</div><br /><div align="center">And those who stand tall today shall be trampled underfoot tomorrow."</div>

<br /><div align="center">The final visitor was of indeterminate age, with fingers skeletal as ghosts,</div><br /><div align="center">his face resembling a mummy newly emerged from its grave.</div><br /><div align="center">"Clock, oh precious clock, I implore you,</div><br /><div align="center">when shall my tormenting illness cease? When will death at last embrace me?"</div>

<br /><div align="center">But the clock's rhythm stayed steady:</div><br /><div align="center">"Tick, tock, tick, tock,</div><br /><div align="center">o blessed yet cursed Styxian, this alone lies beyond my power,</div><br /><div align="center">for your lifespans extend far beyond measure!"</div>

<br />'''''Archepia's Commentary: Fascinating! So the Styxians were once all immortal beings? What could have caused their city-state's downfall?'''''

<br /><div align="center">'''The Reaper in the Dolium'''</div>

<br /><div align="center">Once there lived a miser with no friends or family, only his wealth for company.</div><br /><div align="center">His great money chest spawned smaller ones day after day,</div><br /><div align="center">and his burned candle wax could be melted anew.</div>

<br /><div align="center">When the miser's beard turned white with age,</div><br /><div align="center">he heard the tides of the River of Souls calling, and knew the Reaper would soon summon him under.</div>

<br /><div align="center">Refusing to leave his precious wealth behind, the miser crafted an ingenious plan.</div><br /><div align="center">When the Reaper arrived, he lay frail upon his bed,</div><br /><div align="center">and with a troubled face, spoke his dying wish:</div>

<br /><div align="center">"On that cabinet rests a dolium of sweet honey brew,</div><br /><div align="center">but my eyes see a bee drowned within.</div><br /><div align="center">O Reaper, I beseech you enter and fetch out the greedy bee,</div><br /><div align="center">before it taints my precious brew."</div>

<br /><div align="center">The Reaper took pity on his wish and transformed into a sprite,</div><br /><div align="center">slipping into the dolium to search for the dead bee.</div>

<br /><div align="center">At that moment, the miser sprang from his bed and sealed the dolium's lid.</div><br /><div align="center">"Got you now, Reaper!</div><br /><div align="center">None shall drag me from my warm bed now."</div>

<br /><div align="center">The Styxians still applaud this deed to this day &mdash;</div><br /><div align="center">Our endless feasting and revelry is our reward for outwitting the Reaper!</div>

<br />'''''Archepia's Commentary: Fascinating how the Styxians ridicule the concealed Death Titan. They must have reveled in plenty before their demise!'''''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Styxia Fables
|zhs  = 斯缇科西亚寓言集
|zht  = 斯緹科西亞寓言集
|ja   = スティコシア寓話集
|ko   = 스틱시아 우화집
|es   = Fábulas de Estisia
|fr   = Fables de Styxie
|ru   = Притчи Стиксии
|th   = ชุดนิทาน Styxia
|vi   = Tập Ngụ Ngôn Styxia
|de   = Fabeln aus Styxia
|id   = Kumpulan Fabel Styxia
|pt   = Fábulas de Styxia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}