<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Temple Records: Maze Extrapolation#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 498
|partIds      = 190811
|title        = 
|image        = Item Temple Records- Maze Extrapolation.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Historical records of the analysis of Janus' Maze, dating unknown.
|part1        = Temple Records: Maze Extrapolation
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Temple Records: Maze Extrapolation''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...

'''{{Size|28|Fate Season}}'''<br />Request: "Where is my homeland?"<br />Divination Result: "It exists no more"<br />※ Note: Priest Monnta requested second reading.

Request: "Where should the client's homeland be?"<br />Divination Result: "Here, in Janusopolis"

Request: "Where are my lenses?"<br />Divination Result: "In the corner of thy bedroom"

Request: "Find something that will make me happy"<br />Divination Result: "A temple position awaits &mdash; one of hearing and telling"<br />※ Note: The client passed the temple's test and officially became an acolyte.

...

'''{{Size|28|Pillar Season}}'''<br />Request: "Where are my lenses?"<br />Divination Result: "Under thy dining table"

Request: "Where is Janus's divine corpus?"<br />No extrapolation performed<br />Divination withheld<br />※ Note: Standard three-day delay, answer per protocol. Apply to all Titan location queries.

Request: "Where did my favorite jewelry go?"<br />Divination Result: "It is not lost"<br />※ Note: Priest Monnta requested second reading.

Request: "Where is the client's beloved, now-lost jewelry?"<br />Divination Result: "In the gap of thy lounge chair"<br /><s>※ Note: Priest Monnta sighed</s><br />※ Note: Limit unnecessary notes.

Request: "Where is my child?"<br />Divination Result: "At home"<br />※ Note: I sighed.<br />※ Note: Fine, keep it then.

Request: "Where is beyond the sky?"<br />Divination Result: "Nonexistent"<br />※ Note: Please make this extrapolation result public.

...

'''{{Size|28|Creation Season}}'''<br />Request: "Where are my lenses?"<br />Divination Result: "On your nose"

Request: "What is one plus one?"<br />Divination invalid, nature of question incompatible.<br />※ Note: Receiving priests should conduct preliminary screening. The Maze can only divine matters of "location." Keep invalid questions from disturbing the sacred process.

Request: "Where lies the answer to one plus one?"<br />Divination Result: "Within the confines of your mind"<br />※ Note: Three subsequent identical queries were archived.

Request: "Where is the jewelry I shall cherish most?"<br />Divination Result: "Along the path to Ikaria"<br />※ Note: Similar request from Strife Season was made by the same person, who left the city after receiving the prophecy.

Request: "Where is Aitee hiding?"<br />Divination Result: "Beside you"<br />※ Note: Due to lengthy processing times, playful children's queries (especially hide-and-seek related) should not be treated as formal requests.<br />※ Note: According to Priest Monnta, the client was playing with the sought child when the slate was delivered, matching the divination result.

Request: "Where is tomorrow?"<br />Divination Result: "Fifteen days past"<br />※ Note: Total time from request to slate delivery was seventeen days.

Request: "Location of the previous Holy Maiden"<br />Divination Result: ████<br />※ Note: Process per protocol, future similar queries need not be processed or recorded.

Request: "Where has my new acolyte gone? Where are the clues that lead to his whereabouts?"<br />Divination Result: "At the Grove of Epiphany, look to the desk"<br />※ Note: The client was Priest Monnta, who found a farewell message and handcrafted gifts atop the desk.

Request: "Where is my child?"<br />Divination Result: "At home"<br /><s>※ Note: Childish play, not recommended for processing.</s><br />※ Note: Priest Monnta disagreed, emphasizing the child's safety as a priority.

Request: "Where is the plainest piece from the tea set offered to Oronyx this time?"<br />Divination Result: "In Dagra's pocket"<br />※ Note: The client expressed gratitude and stated no further action was needed if a priest borrowed the piece.<br />※ Note: That person wasn't even a priest! Why didn't they check first?<br />※ Note: Never mind, the client has left.

...

'''{{Size|28|Calamity Season}}'''<br />Request: "Where is my child?"<br /><s>Request Rejected</s><br />Divination Result: "In the ruins south of the city"<br />※ Note: Guards organized search and rescue, successfully saving the child trapped under rubble.<br />※ Note: Dismissed the temporary acolyte from Creation Season.

Request: "Where might a worthy acolyte be found?"<br />Divination Result: "Patience shall provide"

Request: "Please find me."<br />Divination paths too complex for even three priests to decipher, request terminated mid-process.<br />※ Note: client missing, offering payment not refundable.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Temple Records: Maze Extrapolation
|zhs  = 迷津推演记录•神殿留存
|zht  = 迷津推演紀錄•神殿留存
|ja   = パズルの推論記録・神殿所蔵
|ko   = 미로 추론 기록•신전 보관용
|es   = Registro de predicciones del laberinto: ejemplar conservado en el templo
|fr   = Registres du temple&nbsp;: Extrapolation du labyrinthe
|ru   = Храмовые записи исследований лабиринта
|th   = บันทึกจากวิหาร: การคาดการณ์วงกต
|vi   = Ghi Chép Suy Luận Mê Cung-Bảo Tồn Thần Điện
|de   = Aufzeichnung der Labyrinth-Ableitung: Tempelarchiv
|id   = Catatan Ekstrapolasi Labirin: Peninggalan Kuil
|pt   = Registros do Templo: Extrapolação do Labirinto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}