<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Genealogy of Dawn and Dusk#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 549
|partIds      = 190878
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Genealogy of Dawn and Dusk.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A genealogy of the last descendant of sky, passed down from Era Chrysea to the present. It chronicles the deeds and accomplishments of their ancestors, though many passages have been lost.
|part1        = The Genealogy of Dawn and Dusk
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Thanatos
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''The Genealogy of Dawn and Dusk''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''The Sky Chronicles'''


'''"Kite Dancer" Anastasia, Rainfolk'''<br />
''And her winged beast, Cynthia''<br />
From the moment Aquila first opened a hundred eyes to watch over the world, no kite dancer could match her grace. As birds are born to ride the wind, she could bend the slightest breeze to her will with just the tips of her fingers.<br />
Back when the skybound realms still thrived, we would gather at the Dawn and Dusk Festival, cheering as she soared past the clouds. We never knew the Era Chrysea was already ending. Then the Titans of Calamity struck, shooting down Aquila's hundred eyes, and tempests tore apart the routes between the realms. To retrieve a fortress lost to the storm, Anastasia and Cynthia took flight on one final voyage. They never returned.<br />
''"Only when she sank into the storm, never to rise again, did we finally understand &mdash; a new age had begun. And it would never belong to us."''


'''"Defiant Arbiter" Crispus, Winterfolk'''<br />
''And his winged beast, Xiliel''<br />
Growing up in the bitter winter of the city closest to the sky, Crispus embodied all that was expected of the Winterfolk &mdash; calm, meticulous, unshakable in his logic, and unwavering in his sense of justice. For half his life, he studied the celestial murals, rising to the next Arbiter blessed by Aquila.<br />
Then, he witnessed the priests rewriting those laws on a whim. He saw Rainfolk condemned for blasphemy simply because the murals had presented a clear sky. Doubt crept in. Doubt became defiance. When he sheltered the Rainfolk, his crime was discovered. Furious, the Sunfolk stoned him to death, and his loyal Xiliel, who tried to protect him with wings, also fell beside him.<br />
''"'Before I cast the stone, know this: Aquila has already judged me innocent.' So spoke a Sunfolk."''


'''<s>"Daughter of Dusk" Seliose, Heretic Bloodline</s>'''<br /><s>A mongrel born of unknown blood, swayed by the wicked voices of the land below, betraying the god that once raised her...</s><br /><s>'''"The Hunter of Sky Dome"'''</s><br /><s>Speak not its name, for it shattered the firmament with its own hands. All heresies of the old world shall burn in its holy fire...</s><br />''(The page is littered with revisions, every margin and crease filled with scrawled corrections. In the end, it was all crossed out.)''<br />
'''Seliose the Daythunder Knight'''<br />
''And her winged beasts, Lunabis and Solabis''<br />
A child of both sun and rain. The first to chase the flame and take up the hunt against the gods. Branded unclean by blood, she descended to the land below, where she met a holy maiden who informed her of the prophecy about Era Nova. And so, she returned to the sky, bearing the burden of god-slaying.<br />
Solabis set the Titan's wings aflame. Lunabis sealed the Titan's body. And Seliose pierced through Aquila's final eye, wrenching away the authority of dawn and dusk, and entrusted the fire-reclaiming mission to those who came after.<br />
Even gods who command the sky dome can bleed. And so, the great march by countless souls to seize the flame began.<br />
''"...Whether it was a heroic or sinful deed, perhaps that is not for us to decide."''


'''The Earth Chronicles'''


'''Ektra the Twilight General'''<br />
''And her winged beast, Constantine''<br />
When the refugees from the sky abandoned their homeland, the creatures and resources of the earth had already been completely divided among the earthly states. They established the Twilight Courtyard in the wilderness to practice medicine, but were repeatedly extorted and expelled, until Ektra emerged as their leader during the Chrysos War.<br />
With her strong character and iron-blooded methods, she leveraged her medical expertise to forge an alliance with Okhema, earning numerous merits in the war against the Kremnoan forces. The Twilight Courtyard thus secured its place within Okhema, enjoying peace for nearly a hundred years.<br />
''"The fingertips of Skyfolk, saturated with herbal essences, possess a power more vast and expansive than any other..."''


'''Jacyntha the Warrior'''<br />
''And her winged beast, Sotiphen''<br />
As the Flame-Chase war upon the gods concluded, the tides of conflict between city-states resurfaced once more. The holy city of Okhema experienced power shifts and became unstable, causing the Twilight Courtyard to lose its sanctuary and once again become a wandering tribe in the wilderness.<br />
To survive under the threat of Kremnoan forces, Jacyntha participated alone in the Kremnos Festival, attempting to exchange honor for a peace treaty, but fell in the final battle.<br />
''"The last leader returned to the embrace of Thanatos, and the refugees from the sky scattered in all directions from then on."''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Genealogy of Dawn and Dusk
|zhs  = 晨昏先祖书
|zht  = 晨昏先祖書
|ja   = 晨昏族譜
|ko   = 조석의 계보
|es   = Genealogía del Alba y el crepúsculo
|fr   = Généalogie de l'aube et du crépuscule
|ru   = Циркадная генеалогия
|th   = ตำรา: บรรพบุรุษทิวาราตรี
|vi   = Phả Hệ Ngày Và Đêm
|de   = Genealogie von Morgen- und Abenddämmerung
|id   = Silsilah Fajar dan Senja
|pt   = A Genealogia do Amanhecer e Anoitecer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}