<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The World in Oronyx's Eyes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 479
|partIds      = 190792
|title        = 
|image        = Item The World in Oronyx's Eyes.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Remnants of an anthology. It records how the ancient Oronyx priests regarded the Titan's divine powers.
|part1        = The World in Oronyx's Eyes
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''The World in Oronyx's Eyes''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''The following content is said to be an excerpt of a speech given by Robita, a priest of Oronyx, as they passed by Okhema. The specific year of this speech is unknown, and it may have been embellished or interpreted by later generations of priests. The theological interpretations of Robita's school of thought received mixed receptions from later generations and readers are reminded to approach their comments with a critical mind &mdash; Editor's note''

(Preceding text has been lost)

People often say that if Oronyx is just willing to offer their assistance, we priests of Oronyx are able to see any moment in time as we please... Many of my own seniors and new students even hold this opinion. However, this is unfortunately an incorrect view born of people's misunderstandings of the Titans.

Although the Titans are indeed supreme beings, they are not omnipotent. The miracle of Oronyx is not to be able to directly "see" the past or future, but it is to be able to "extrapolate" them. Do not underestimate the importance of this distinction. In my opinion, if Oronyx was truly willing to help us predict the weather each day (or should I say, the tempers of Aquila)... Then there is a very real possibility that they could be mistaken.

I know that people say that the prophecy of Janus can create endless paths and choices for humanity. Then, does it not follow that this would also be the same for Oronyx? This statement is actually half correct... Though the divinities of Oronyx and Janus bear some similarities, neither of them has any relation to "directly interacting with the past."

What Oronyx and Janus show their priests and allow them to interact with is not, in fact, reality itself. It is something that bears a great resemblance to reality. Perhaps this point is easier to explain in relation to Janus: Since we are able to select a specific "history" of something, that also means history cannot be real and fixed in the Titan's eyes... It becomes a reason for something to "appear or disappear from existence." This is clearly different to the idea of "history is the only true past" that we have come to understand. The priests of Janus do not actually change the past, but they select a background or a "state in which something exists." In other words, what the Titans help us to change is reality, not what has already happened in the past... Everything we see is no more than the process of rationalizing a "changed reality." It seems to us like reversing the flow of time, but that is logically untrue.

If you can understand this, then it is much easier to understand the revelations (or dreams) of Oronyx: The reason that they refuse to tell us what the weather will be like the next day (though they could easily ask Aquila and find out) and the reason that they refuse to predict the lifespan and cause of death for the majority of the population is precisely because their divine powers are limited by being isomorphic with that of Janus. There is no way for them to predict exceedingly uncertain matters. '''In other words, what Oronyx chooses to show us are prophecies that they are certain must have happened.''' (Or "absolutely will occur" &mdash; tense has absolutely no meaning to Oronyx.) This makes the situation extremely easy to understand: What prophet would be willing to pronounce a prophecy that they themselves have no faith in?

So, if you have faith in my professionalism as a priest of Oronyx, I hope that you will realize one thing: Priests of Oronyx have already guided their divine power to the maximum potential. This maximum potential, if I were to describe it in blasphemous terms, is equivalent to placing Oronyx under house arrest. We give them no other work at all. We simply allow them to focus on searching for knowledge regarding the past and future... These are all the results that can be gained. If Oronyx is not willing (in my opinion it means that they have no confidence) then they will not (in actuality, they are unable to) share any revelations regarding information on the past, present, or future.

What you must all understand is that even the enormous power of the Titans has its limits.

(Following text has been lost)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The World in Oronyx's Eyes
|zhs  = 欧洛尼斯眼中的世界
|zht  = 歐洛尼斯眼中的世界
|ja   = オロニクスの目に映る世界
|ko   = 오로닉스의 눈에 비친 세계
|es   = El mundo a través de los ojos de Oronix
|fr   = Le monde selon Oronyx
|ru   = Мир глазами Оронис
|th   = โลกในสายตาของ Oronyx
|vi   = Thế Giới Trong Mắt Oronyx
|de   = Die Welt aus den Augen von Oronyx
|id   = Dunia di Mata Oronyx
|pt   = O Mundo Pelos Olhos de Oronyx
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}