<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Imperator War Chronicles — Ten Legendary Campaigns#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 576
|partIds      = 191914;191921
|title        = The Imperator War Chronicles &mdash; Ten Legendary Campaigns
|image        = Item The Imperator War Chronicles — Ten Legendary Campaigns.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 2
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A biography compiled by the scribe Prudentia after extensive research, detailing ten of the most iconic battles in Imperator's military career.
|part1        = Volume I
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Volume II
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila; Cerces; Georios; Mnestia; Nikador; Talanton
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''The Imperator War Chronicles &mdash; Ten Legendary Campaigns''' is a 2-part [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Volume I===
''History Investigator, Prudentia's Manuscripts''

She stormed through the annals of history like a gale, reshaping the destiny and form of Amphoreus with fire and strategy. Known to the world as "Imperator," Cerydra wore the crown of flame and commanded legions across the Oleinus Highlands, the plains of Styxia, and the mountains of Epos. Driven by near-delusional ambition and greed, she overthrew even the Titans from their divine thrones.

Her chessboard was all-encompassing. Her tactics extended beyond formations to hearts, time, and destiny itself. From the deadlocked siege of Okhema's double ramparts to the do-or-die gambit on the Tretos Plain, the Imperator transformed every narrow victory into a cornerstone of her power. And in turn, forged that power into a blade that knew no equal.

It was in Okhema that she sparked a new era, where the edge of her sword no longer pointed at the Flame-Chasing frontiers, but toward the horizon cradling the dawn.

...

From her first emergence in Light Calendar 3851 to the capture of Janusopolis in 3980, the Imperator launched more than twenty campaigns and personally led over eighty critical battles. Her defeats were so rare they could be counted on a single hand. An awe-inspiring record. Among them, ten battles stand out for their far-reaching historical impact, encapsulating the Imperator's military doctrine and her mastery of warfare. The following pages recount these battles, to honor her legacy, and to serve as a beacon for those who will lead armies in the future.

'''During the War for the Crown'''

From Light Calendar 3851 to 3910, the Imperator rose from an obscure leader to gathering talents from every corner, expanding her forces, laying siege to strongholds, and tightening her grip on military might. History would see her ascend to the very apex of authority not only in Okhema, but across all of Amphoreus. This decades-long military career, for clarity and to distinguish it from the Flame-Chase Journey, is referred to herein as the War for the Crown.

...

<u>1. The Liberation of Loukas</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3851. Location: Loukas Plains. Key General: Cerydra

Before the Liberation of Loukas, the world knew only that Hyperborea had a young princess, but knew not the name of Cerydra. Early in 3850, Okhema's spies in the northern territories reported that Hyperborea was faltering as a country, its people in despair. The royal court had emptied its treasury to raise a host of mercenaries, intending to send with the princess southward to launch an assault on the holy city. Okhema braced for impact, stationing forces at two major choke points. But the Hyperborean army never came.

Meanwhile, in the northeastern reaches of Amphoreus, the land of Loukas was gripped by a sweeping rebellion. The uprising sought to overthrow the brutal tyrant and reclaim freedom for its people. But the tyrant's enforcer, a ruthless golden-blooded general named Fortunado, led 50,000 elite troops and crushed the rebels like waves swallowing sparks. As the resistance was driven onto a peninsula with no escape, an elite force descended upon the battlefield from the west. A young girl, calling herself the Imperator, led the charge and came to set Loukas free.

At the time, the Imperator's forces numbered barely 20,000. After two brutal clashes with Fortunado's army, her left flank exposed a fatal weakness. Sensing his moment, Fortunado personally led his superior forces in a direct assault on her exposed flank, unaware it was a trap designed to lure him away from his main formation. Three thousand hidden troops surged from Fortunado's rear like a storm from the heavens, raining fire-tipped arrows to throw his ranks into chaos. The Imperator's right wing seized the breach, coordinating a lethal thrust that split the Loukas army at its core. Thus, victory followed like a falling banner.

After the battle, Fortunado was captured and beheaded without delay. The tyrant of Loukas escaped by sea to Hattusili, a small kingdom southeast of Styxia, while the rebel forces throughout the land rallied under the Imperator's banner. Back then, no one in Amphoreus suspected that the Imperator was actually Hyperborea's puppet princess. Who would believe a young woman would dare lead an army across the Epos mountains from Hyperborea to Loukas, just to gamble on gaining her first troops?

...

<u>2. The First Siege of Okhema</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3867. Location: Okhema. Key Generals: Cerydra, Hysilens

In Light Calendar 3867, malicious plots led to the unjust execution of three Okhema generals. The military descended into chaos outside the walls while panic spread among citizens within. The tyrant of Loukas, leading combined forces from Icaria and Corinth, raided the holy city. Their ranks included formidable Chrysos Heirs who breached five defensive positions effortlessly. Even the typically honorable Kremnoan army couldn't resist the opportunity, their mobile fortresses positioned nearby like predators watching wounded prey. The holy city's fate hung by a thread.

The most dramatic event unfolded at this pivotal moment &mdash; The tyrant of Loukas's worst nightmare returned. A strike force entered the city from the west, led by a young woman who introduced herself as Cerydra. Unlike their encounter more than a decade before, the Imperator now commanded tremendous respect throughout Amphoreus with legendary generals at her command: "Dux Fragoris" Labienus, "Dux Brumalis" Seneca, and most formidable of all, "Dux Gladiorum" Hysilens. Hysilens created bloody tides through enemy formations with just a single sword while softly humming the funeral march.

The siege of the holy city ended in just half a day. The Loukas and Icaria tyrants fell into captivity, while the Corinth tyrant fled with his battered forces south of the Dolos plains. From her vantage in the majestic Marmoreal Palace, the Imperator surveyed the mountains of fallen soldiers and rivers of blood in the city below, and whispered words that would echo through history:

"I came. I saw. I conquered."

...

<u>3. The Campa Expedition</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3874. Location: Campa Mountains. Key General: Seneca

Around Light Calendar 3865, Aquila's unpredictable climate threw Amphoreus into chaos, with alternating floods and droughts devastating harvests continent-wide. While most nations watched their power diminish, the Imperator, having heeded Tribios's prophecies, was fully prepared. She expanded her control over the territories surrounding Okhema in those years, intending to establish her authority throughout Amphoreus. Soon, all states pledged fealty to her except the proud Castrum Kremnos and Skyfolk, leaving the Imperator of the Marmoreal Palace without equal in power or prestige.

In Light Calendar 3870, Seliose slayed Aquila, causing the last sky fortress to vanish into the clouds and marking the Skyfolk's decline. Without their main adversary, Castrum Kremnos turned its blade to Okhema, forcing the Imperator to concentrate on this threat, which weakened her control over other regions. By Light Calendar 3874, Campa, relying on its remote location and the Campa Mountains as its stronghold, openly rebelled against the Okhema Alliance. Watching other states grow increasingly restless, the Imperator kept resisting the Kremnoans while secretly sending "Dux Brumalis" Seneca with 30,000 elite troops into the Campa Mountains. Okhema had already formed a secret alliance with Ladon, Campa's ancient enemy. With Ladonian guides who knew the terrain intimately, the mountain barriers that the Campanians considered impregnable proved no more substantial than paper walls.

In just one night, Dux Brumalis, unfazed by the bitter northern cold, captured the Campanian capital with her forces. That same evening, the Ladonian leader predictably turned traitor, only to be immediately subdued by the well-prepared Dux Brumalis. The Imperator had foreseen that the Ladonians, fearing they would be next to fall, would inevitably betray their temporary allies after victory. She had planned for this treachery from the start, eliminating two threats with a single move.

...

<u>4. The Great Battle of Tretos Plains</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3903. Location: Tretos Plains. Key General: Labienus

The war between Okhema and the Kremnoans stretched on without end. Though the Imperator was a master tactician, military strategy had its limits. The Kremnoans, with their exceptional individual fighting skills and remarkable cohesion, bolstered by virtually invulnerable Titankin shock troops, often lost smaller engagements to clever tactics yet successfully kept Okhema's forces from making meaningful advances in the war itself.

By Light Calendar 3903, after dozens of battles large and small, the main armies of Okhema and Castrum Kremnos finally clashed on the Tretos Plains. This would be the decisive confrontation between these powers, a battle where tactics meant little and retreat was unthinkable. The Tretos Plains held historic significance as the lion-hunting grounds of Gorgo, founder of Castrum Kremnos. If Okhema's forces faltered here, Kremnoan morale would surge, potentially allowing them to march directly to Okhema's gates. The Imperator took the field personally, raising her crown to inspire her troops and marking their armor with fiery emblems of courage.

The Great Battle of Tretos Plains raged for three full months. Throughout this period, the Imperator maintained defensive positions while dispatching "Dux Fragoris" Labienus to attack the Kremnoan command at any cost, and succeeded brilliantly. Sacrificing a hundred warriors and suffering multiple wounds himself, he disrupted the Kremnoan command structure for just half a quint. In that brief window, the Imperator identified a tiny weakness in the Kremnoan formation that ultimately decided the outcome. She later described this as the most treacherous battle of her life, but its impact proved far-reaching. The Kremnoans, their military might severely diminish, suffered three consecutive defeats afterward. They were forced to swear by Nikador's honor to a fifty-year peace treaty with Okhema, giving the Imperator invaluable time to fully consolidate her authority.

...

<u>5. The Second Siege of Okhema</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3910. Location: Okhema. Key Generals: Cerydra, Hysilens, Labienus, Seneca

After the First Siege of Okhema, the Imperator had not yet secured absolute control over Okhema's governance. Some Council Elders, seeing which way the wind blew, pledged false loyalty while harboring treacherous intentions. To temporarily stabilize the political landscape, the Imperator allowed these seemingly loyal Elders to retain some authority. However, these Elders members had long been plotting rebellion, secretly training private armies in Dawncloud while establishing connections with Okhema's enemies abroad. Finally, in Light Calendar 3910, they joined forces with resurgent Corinthian armies to launch a coup, coordinating internal and external forces to try driving the Imperator in Marmoreal Palace into a corner.

Faced with this crisis, the Imperator revealed her foresight. For decades, she had gathered craftsmen from various city-states and displaced Mountain Dwellers, providing them with homes and workshops in the Marmoreal Market. While publicly presented as social welfare, her true intentions were strategic. When the Council of Elders remnants launched their coup, the Imperator issued a single command, and thousands of craftsmen worked through the night to construct two massive walls &mdash; one trapping the Elders' army in Dawncloud, the other blocking the Corinthian forces outside the city. This brilliant tactic of besieging her would-be besiegers became known as the Second Siege of Okhema.

After just one month under siege, the Council army broke and surrendered. This time, the Imperator showed no mercy. She executed all the Elders and their families, disposing of their bodies in a lake, thus completely eliminating all threats to her authority. She then turned her attention to the Corinthian forces who, growing frustrated after their long, unsuccessful siege, were becoming restless. First, she sent Labienus and Seneca to cut off their supply lines, then ordered Hysilens to launch a surprise attack against the Corinthian capital.

Soon after, news reached Okhema that the Corinthian tyrant had taken his own life by jumping from a window. With their leader dead, the Corinthian army lost all will to fight and surrendered without resistance.

The Second Siege of Okhema cemented the Imperator's absolute control over the city. From this point forward, her ambitions faced no opposition, whether she aspired to rule all city-states, wage war against the Titans, or even... to conquer worlds beyond their own.

...

===Volume II===
...

'''II: The Flame-Chase Journey Era'''

After the Second Siege of Okhema, the Imperator seized absolute control of the city and officially set her ambitions in motion. Ever since Tribios spread the prophecy of salvation, the Imperator had been plotting a crusade against the Titans to claim the Coreflames. The Daythunder Knight Seliose proved that humans could kill a Titan by force. The peace treaty with Kremnos and the submission of the allied nations cleared the path ahead for the Imperator. Over the previous fifty years, some brave souls, inspired by the prophecy, also set out in pursuit of the Coreflames, but none made a mark. Then, at the end of Light Calendar 3910, the Imperator's grand Flame-Chase Journey began in full force.

...

<u>6. Siege of the Grove of Epiphany</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3930. Location: Grove of Epiphany. Key Generals: Apollonius, Cerydra

When the Imperator drowned Okhema's Elders in the lake and declared her dream of slaying the Titans, the world dismissed her as a raving despot. History had seen plenty of tyrants make wild claims in their lust for power. Even Okhema's archrival, Castrum Kremnos, brushed it off as a cheap stunt to rally support. After that, the Imperator's actions seemed to be proof that her previous speech was just a moment of passion because, for the next twenty years, she seemed to be quietly, silently, and methodically building her forces. Spies from Ladon who escaped Okhema claimed she had gathered thousands of Chrysos Heirs into a specially structured army, one strong enough to flatten any city-state in half a day. Fear rippled through the states, except for the ever-restless Castrum Kremnos, eager to test their blades. But bound by the peace treaty, all they could do was sharpen their weapons in silence.

Light Calendar 3930. "Dux Helkolithist" Apollonius, once a sage of the Grove and now an Advisor of the Flame-Chase Army, was sent as an envoy to the Grove and did not return after three months. The Imperator then dispatched "Dux Carminum" Verginia and one split body of "Dux Fatorum" Tribios to the Grove. They, too, vanished without a trace. Rumors swirled that the Four Sages from the Lotophagist, Caprist, Nodist, and Venerationist schools hated the Imperator, imprisoning her envoys and plotting to overthrow her rule. Not long after, the Imperator herself showed up with a small retinue, oddly without the famed warriors "Dux Gladiorum," "Dux Fragoris," and "Dux Brumalis." The scholars of the Grove, seeing her seemingly weak force, lowered their guard and welcomed her beneath the branches of Cerces. But the Imperator's few dozen followers weren't what they seemed. They were the first elite Flame-Chase Army, all Chrysos Heirs trained and battle-ready.

That very day, the Grove of Epiphany fell. The Imperator threw the Four Sages into prison and proudly displayed her greatest prize: the Coreflame of "Romance." She then declared her next target would be Georios the Earth Titan, who was slumbering deep beneath the Oleinus Plateau.

...

<u>7. The Oleinus Skirmish</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3956. Location: Oleinus Plateau. Key General: Cerydra

It wasn't until Mnestia's fall that the world finally realized Seliose and Tribios hadn't sparked a mere ember, but a blazing wildfire capable of turning the skies red. Now, the Imperator was pouring the lives of thousands of Chrysos Heirs, including her own, into the flames, determined to melt away this apocalyptic cage.

No one dared underestimate the Imperator's ambition anymore. Knowing the Flame-Chase tyrant had set her sights on the god of Earth, the city-states and tribes blessed by that Titan banded together to defend their god. But unlike the powerless Mnestia, Georios, one of the Foundation Titans, had the strength to level mountains and carve valleys. Also, no one knew exactly where they hid. So the Imperator was forced to lie low for years.

Since Light Calendar 3950, tremors rocked all over Amphoreus, as if Georios sensed their fate. In early 3955, an unprecedented quake tore through the Oleinus Plateau, and Georios's battered divine form rose from the abyss. The Imperator realized the Titan would soon be out of control because of the black tide, so she stopped waiting. At the end of the year, she led her Flame-Chase Army west in a massive campaign from Okhema. Early in Light Calendar 3956, they crossed the Tretos Plains into Oleinus, only to be ambushed. Oleinus, Odressian, Icaria, and Handak, four farming city-states once under the Earth Titan's protection, united to block the Imperator's advance.

These city-states had been ravaged by earthquakes and were poorly armed, their forces mostly farmers, not a match for the Flame-Chase Army. But the Imperator didn't come in swinging like before, unleashing brutal slaughter. Instead, she ordered her Chrysos Heir elites to swiftly break the lines, focusing on wounding and disarming rather than outright killing, rendering their resistance powerless. After the battle, the Imperator didn't punish the prisoners. Instead, she left Apollonius and others behind to help with disaster relief. The Imperator declared that humanity would never forget the blessings Georios once bestowed. Precisely because of that, the revered Titan needed their loyal creations to set them free when they were dragged into endless torment by the black tide, take up their divine authority, and continue protecting humankind.

Many hostile city-states had hoped the Imperator would be disgraced for staining her hands with innocent blood, but the Oleinus campaign actually managed to largely reverse public opinion. As a prelude to the assault on Georios, the Flame-Chase Army came out unscathed, in both numbers and reputation, and even won over some farming city-states. It was a victory on every front.

...

<u>8. Assault on Georios</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3957. Location: Oleinus Plateau. Key General: Terravox

In Light Calendar 3957, a split body of Tribios infiltrated deep behind enemy lines and located Georios's divine form. By then, the Mountain Dwellers, fiercely loyal to Georios, had joined the battle. These warriors were impossible to reason with, neither moved by logic nor lofty ideals. They refused to let their creator be slain. Thus, a war was inevitable.

Led by the legendary Mountainbreaker Geocles, the army of Mountain Dwellers shielded Georios from the front lines. Each one of them was born with godlike strength and equipped with unlimited, top-tier gear. Their formations were nearly impenetrable. The dromas cavalry was a nightmare for the Flame-Chase Army. Even Chrysos Heirs, with their divine blood, struggled to gain ground against the stampeding beasts. The Imperator trained her soldiers to target the dromases' eyes, legs, and riders, setting traps made of refined iron, but still couldn't tip the scales in her favor.

At the critical moment, reinforcements arrived, one never before seen on the battlefield. A giant dragon named Terravox stepped slowly out of the retreating Flame-Chase Army and into the dromases' ranks. Its footsteps made every dromas tremble and kneel. Its roar and stomp crushed even the best-armed Mountain Dweller. With Terravox holding the front lines, the Imperator ordered Seneca to lead elite troops around the flank, capturing Geocles and other Mountain Dweller leaders. Ultimately, the Imperator led her battered army to the chasm above Georios's resting place.

Hysilens and several Chrysos Heir warriors plunged resolutely into the abyss. After a fierce battle, only Hysilens returned in disappointment. The depths of the earth were not a good battleground for her to exercise her strength. But it was still Terravox, the great dragon, who turned the tide. Silent and alone, it dove into the chasm. The ground shook violently, and three days later, the Georios's Coreflame finally rose back to the surface.

When Georios fell, violent earthquakes ripped through all of Amphoreus. Land split apart, rivers changed course and flooded, and city-states crumbled into ruin. At the darkest hour, a roar echoed up from the abyss. Terravox, who had inherited the divine authority of Earth, tore the cracked land asunder, using its own massive body to fuse it back together. Its godslaying act unleashed a cataclysmic quake, but it was also the one who stopped it.

After the battle, the Imperator led the remaining troops back to Okhema. Soon after, she publicly honored the mysterious giant dragon Terravox with the title "Dux Terrae," and declared their next target: Talanton.

...

<u>9. Dolos Riverbed Melee Battle</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3959. Location: Dolos Plains. Key Generals: Labienus, Seneca

In Light Calendar 3953, the fifty-year peace treaty between Kremnos and Okhema came to an end. That same year, Kremnos crowned a new king, Eurypon. At the time, Amphoreus was still reeling from Georios's final agony, but the Kremnoans didn't seize the moment for conquest. Instead, after Georios's passing, they anchored their mobile fortress to the east of Janusopolis, where Talanton's Coreflame was located. They then stationed their troops on the Dolos Plains, claiming they were sent by the Temple of the Three Fates to protect the Titan of Law. Janusopolis welcomed this move that played one enemy against another with open arms.

The Imperator didn't panic, for she knew Kremnos was after a decisive showdown and nothing more. In Light Calendar 3959, she ordered Labienus and Seneca, old acquaintances familiar with the Kremnoan army, to lead over three hundred Chrysos Heir warriors and tens of thousands of mortals boldly into the Dolos Riverbed. When the two armies met, no formal challenge was needed. They silently drew their blades and clashed immediately.

Unlike a bloody war, this battle resembled a grand Kremnos Festival, with both sides holding back and suffering few casualties. This was a stark departure from Kremnoans' usual "Valorous Death Before Glorious Return" ethos. The reason behind this was that their new king, Eurypon, was no ordinary ruler. A Chrysos Heir himself, he easily dominated the Kremnos Festival, showing unmatched courage and a bold vision for reform. The new queen, Gorgo, was equally formidable, matching Eurypon blow for blow and sharing his doubts about old traditions. Under their leadership, Kremnoans, once fixated solely on blood and glory, began to take a broader view of the world's fate.

In the battle at the Dolos Riverbed, Eurypon and Gorgo personally took the field, clashing evenly against Labienus and Seneca. After the fight, the four retired to their tents. What they discussed remains a mystery. Soon after, Kremnos announced a full withdrawal. Janusopolis, sensing impending disaster, was about to issue a divine edict calling on allied forces to quell the threat when the Flame-Chase Army suddenly appeared at their gates. While Labienus and Seneca held the Kremnoan army at bay, the Imperator and Hysilens led the remaining two hundred Chrysos Heirs on a daring trek across the eastern ridges of the Campa Mountains that cut off Okhema from Janusopolis, and struck directly at the doors of the Temple of the Three Fates.

...

<u>10. Siege of Janusopolis</u><br />Time: Light Calendar 3960. Location: Janusopolis. Key General: Cerydra

...

After linking up with Labienus and Seneca's main forces, the Imperator sent envoys into the city to demand surrender, while she set up camp outside Janusopolis and held position. When the city refused to surrender, the Imperator deployed troops to guard all key roads, cutting off any external reinforcements. She then pressured the city relentlessly, claiming the Kremnoan army was also eyeing the tripartite prophecy and inviting Janusopolis to accept Okhema's protection, but the offer was turned down again. In the end, the Imperator chose to initiate a secret negotiation, the details of which no one knows.

Legend says this secret talk was aided by the famed 300 Rogues of Dolos. Led by the Dolosian native Cifera, the ninety-seventh of the 300 Rogues, "Bladed Black Velvet" Ferrum, joined the cause. Ferrum spent three days digging a secret tunnel, based on an escape route revealed by Tribios, that led straight to the chamber where the Scale of Justice was located. Cerydra herself led a small team, including Dux Gladiorum, through the tunnel and into the city, where they unexpectedly ran into several stubborn priests...

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Imperator War Chronicles &mdash; Ten Legendary Campaigns
|zhs  = 凯撒军记&mdash;&mdash;十大经典战役
|zht  = 凱撒軍記&mdash;&mdash;十大經典戰役
|ja   = カイザー軍記&mdash;&mdash;偉大なる10の勝利
|ko   = 카이사르 전쟁기&mdash;&mdash;10대 명전투
|es   = Crónicas de la emperatriz: 10 batallas legendarias
|fr   = Les Chroniques de Guerre de l'Imperator &mdash; Dix campagnes légendaires
|ru   = Войны цезаря: Десять великих битв
|th   = บันทึกทางทหารของจักรพรรดินี: สิบศึกในตำนาน
|vi   = Quân Ký Hoàng Đế - Mười Trận Chiến Kinh Điển
|de   = Die Kriegschroniken der Imperatorin – Zehn legendäre Feldzüge
|id   = Kronik Militer Kaisar &mdash; 10 Perang Klasik
|pt   = As Crônicas da Guerra da Imperatriz &mdash; As Dez Campanhas Lendárias
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}