<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 550
|partIds      = 190879
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note found from a Cleaner, containing intelligence on city defenses, assassination orders, and the movements of Chrysos Heirs.
|part1        = The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila
|factions     = 
}}
'''The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
After the Usurper's death, the Phyton mobilized many refugees to join the garrison and restructured the city's defenses. The updated schedule is as follows:<br />
Guard shifts at the Marmoreal Market have increased in frequency &mdash; from Action Hour to Curtain-Fall Hour, all patrols along the Path of Parting will begin one quint earlier.<br />
Take careful note of these changes to avoid unnecessary complications.<br />
'''''The note appears to have been smoothed flat then curled again, suggesting it was once rolled inside a secret message cylinder.'''''

...

{{Color|fire|nobold=1|███████}}, high priest of the Flame-Chasers.<br />
A middle-aged {{Color|fire|nobold=1|███}} with gray hair, stooped posture, and a burn scar on the right side of the neck. Visits the chanting hall alone to pray during Entry Hour's first quint {{Color|fire|nobold=1|█████}}.<br />
An exposed iron nail will be placed on the stair railing. {{Color|fire|nobold=1|█████████}}, an accident might {{Color|fire|nobold=1|█████}} silence him permanently.<br />
'''''Dark, crusted bloodstains have obscured the text, and the names have been deliberately smeared away by bloody fingers.'''''

...

Phyton and the Maiden have been frequently visiting the Twilight Courtyard lately to meet with healers.<br />
In their conversations, they've mentioned the Skyfolk and the Daythunder Knight's past affairs. The day to reclaim Aquila's Coreflame appears to be imminent &mdash;<br />
A thousand-year-old grudge will be settled then. Make preparations, for that moment draws near.<br />
'''''...written on the inner side of a clean bandage, emitting a dry, herbal fragrance.'''''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note
|zhs  = 清洗者的接头纸条
|zht  = 清洗者的接頭紙條
|ja   = 粛清者の連絡メモ
|ko   = 청소부의 접선 쪽지
|es   = Notas conectadas del purificador
|fr   = Note de rendez-vous du Purgateur
|ru   = Записки с переговорами чистильщиков
|th   = จดหมายส่งข่าวของผู้ชำระ
|vi   = Mảnh Giấy Liên Lạc Của Kẻ Thanh Tẩy
|de   = Rendezvous-Notiz eines Säuberers
|id   = Catatan Pertemuan Pembersih
|pt   = A Nota de Encontro do Higienista
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}