<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Titankin Chronicle Fragment#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 535
|partIds      = 190864
|title        = 
|image        = Item Titankin Chronicle Fragment.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A scholarly monograph recording family history by an anonymous Grove scholar. This handwritten manuscript has lost portions of its content due to age. The original is housed in the Library of Philia.
|part1        = Titankin Chronicle Fragment
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aquila
|factions     = Okhema
}}
'''Titankin Chronicle Fragment''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">(A fragment of the text, transcribed from the Library of Philia)</div>

Our ancestors were all kins of the Sky Titan, Aquila. In those distant times, we lived within the celestial mural, divided into the Sunfolk, Rainfolk, and Winterfolk. The Sunfolk wielded the blazing sun, representing honor; the Rainfolk controlled thunder and rain, symbolizing power; and the Winterfolk guarded frost and snow, embodying wisdom. Each tribe had its role, serving the great Aquila together.

But beneath the skies, not all was harmonious. The Sunfolk believed that only the sun could banish the darkness of the world. They pursued power and glory, viewing other tribes as weak and cowardly. The Rainfolk were convinced that only thunder could purify the filth, often using violent methods to oppose outsiders. The Winterfolk, wise as they were, often earned the resentment of others due to their arrogance and stubbornness. The tensions between the three tribes gradually grew deeper, almost to the point that reconciliation seemed impossible.

Until the catastrophe came.

Seliose challenged the sky itself, and the celestial mural was torn asunder. Countless Skykin perished in the eternal night, and the survivors were forced to flee their homeland, concealing themselves upon the earth. Amidst this catastrophe, a sage with golden blood led the survivors of the three tribes to safety. She understood that the divisions between the tribes had brought ruin upon the Skykin, and so swore an oath: To establish a sanctuary that could harmonize the sun and the moon, blending the dawn and dusk. This was the origin of Twilight Courtyard.

Unlike other city-states, the Twilight Courtyard never chose to settle in one place. They knew that to heal the rifts between tribes and mend old grievances, they could not remain confined to one corner of the world. So, the members of the Courtyard became wandering healers, astrologers, and scholars, traveling across the land of Amphoreus. They used the blessings of the sky bestowed by Aquila to help the people, all while seeking the possibility of returning to the sky.

Though the Courtyard no longer held the former glory of the Skykin, it retained many important traditions. Every time a child in the tribe turned eight, a Sky Rite would be held. During this ancient ceremony, the child would resonate with one of four divine objects: the Sun Crown, the Storm Bracelet, the Ice Ring, or the Radiant Pendant. The first three were passed down through the bloodlines of the Sunfolk, Rainfolk, and Winterfolk, while the Radiant Pendant symbolized harmony beyond division. It's said that over the centuries, only a few have resonated with the Radiant Pendant.

After the Chrysos War erupted, the Twilight Courtyard's situation grew ever more dire. Their nomadic lifestyle made them appear weak in the eyes of various factions. The warriors of Castrum Kremnos especially despised these exiles, often launching raids against them. While the Courtyard had once allied with forces like Okhema and the Grove of Epiphany, the calling that coursed through their veins always pushed them to abandon stability in search of the revelations that would lead them back to the sky.

In these turbulent times, the Twilight Courtyard has held firm to its founding ideals: to resolve enmity through healing and end conflicts through harmony. Though the outside world mocks them for their weakness, the members of the Courtyard have always believed that only by reconciling opposition and embracing differences can they prevent repeating past mistakes. This belief has endured to this day, becoming the Twilight Courtyard's most treasured legacy.

...

[The rest is missing]

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Titankin Chronicle Fragment
|zhs  = 眷族志残本
|zht  = 眷族志殘本
|ja   = 眷属系譜の断片
|ko   = 권속 일족에 대한 기록 잔본
|es   = Extracto de registros de los deudos
|fr   = Fragment des Chroniques des créatures titaniques
|ru   = История рода (фрагмент)
|th   = เศษพงศาวดารบริวาร
|vi   = Trang Sách Về Lịch Sử Dòng Tộc
|de   = Fragment der Chronik der Titanenwesen
|id   = Potongan Kisah Kerabat Titan
|pt   = Fragmento da Crônica dos Titâneos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}