<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#To Know Something Through Sweets: A Study of Honey Brew and Personality#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 583
|partIds      = 191922
|title        = 
|image        = Item To Know Something Through Sweets- A Study of Honey Brew and Personality.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A stone tablet near the brewing area that contains some "fun facts" about honey brew, written in wobbly handwriting. Seems like the author was quite tipsy at the time.
|part1        = To Know Something Through Sweets: A Study of Honey Brew and Personality
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Phagousa
|factions     = 
}}
'''To Know Something Through Sweets: A Study of Honey Brew and Personality''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Preface<br />
Honey brew tastes great, and anyone who likes it is a good person.<br />
But good people come in many varieties, so let's see just how good they really are.

Preface II<br />
Why am I writing this? Because I'm a scholar, and I'm happy right now. Everything logically makes sense.<br />
And no, I'm not drunk. Not at all.

By Flavor<br />
- Grape (Original honey brew)<br />
A favorite of those Skyfolk. I figure they insist on pure honey brew because there's no such thing in the sky to begin with.<br />
After asking around, it turns out plenty of folks are still loyal to the original taste. There sure are a lot of old-schoolers.

- Pomegranate (Sanguine honey brew)<br />
A well-known fact: A honey brew of pomegranate flavor contains zero grapes.<br />
Another fact everyone knows: If someone claims to prefer pomegranate honey brew, especially those who use the word "nostalgia," don't mess with them. You probably don't stand a chance fighting against them.

- Wheat (Chrysos honey brew)<br />
"None of us can taste Celestial Ambrosia or the Dew of Divine Blood, but that heroic golden color still makes everyone crave a sip.<br />
Chrysos honey brew is a very popular flavor, representing people's hopes for the future."<br />
Ahahaha. The above is total advertising nonsense. But I actually like this flavor too.

...

- Mint (Herbal honey brew)<br />
In all of Amphoreus, only those from the Grove would order this kind of honey brew. Its flavor is as offensive as their research topics.<br />
They love to argue and question everything until they've unveiled everything. But when trouble comes knocking? They're exactly who you need.<br />
Shame that hardly anyone orders this anymore since that sharp-tongued professor chose to become stone.

Just Give Me Anything (<s>Awful</s>)<br />
These people came to talk. They don't like honey brew at all. Feel free to kick them out. The great Phagousa would shower you with praise.


<br />By Concentration<br />
Why did I even start this section? The concentration of Phagousa's honey brews is all randomized, and Lady Hysilens hasn't changed that tradition. But since I've begun, I might as well finish it.<br />
The randomness means I never judge someone based on which strength they prefer.

- Very Light (Below 10% Intoxication)<br /><s>Only absolute cowards drink this watery trash of a honey brew!!!</s> Gentle on the palate and universally adored. When the Ocean's power threatens to erupt from your stomach up to your mouth, everyone prays their next bottle is of this strength.<br />
Those who stand by this concentration are typically welcoming, <s>like total pushovers</s> like those <s>outworlders</s> newly enlisted soldiers. Though ironically, they're all over a thousand years old now.

- Light (10% to 20% Intoxication)<br />
Ah, my personal favorite! Wanna know how fans of this strength are like? Just look at me! Cheerful, full of curiosity, perfect long-term companion material, with occasional mood swings as our only drawback.<br />
I especially recommend it with cotton flavor.

- Medium (20% to 35% Intoxication)<br />
Fans of this strength are, simply put, your average people. Nothing makes them happier than huddling together and knocking back drink after drink.<br />
"*gulp* Ahh... this brew has the perfect punch. All praise to Phagousa!"<br />
Thinking about it, those two inseparable dukes also prefer this strength. I can never get those Dux titles right.

- Strong (30% to 50% Intoxication)<br />
I don't get it, and I don't want to.

- Very Strong (Above 50% Intoxication)<br />
Oh, Dux Goldweaver, I just miss your masterful skills.<br />
Folks who favor this strength have typically either racked up impressive battlefield achievements or bear significant scars &mdash; mental or physical.<br />
Or perhaps they were simply born with exceptional resilience. I recommend making friends with these folks. The stories they tell could drown me.

- Sober Brew (Non-intoxicating beverage that replicates the flavor only)<br />
I nearly forgot about this.<br />
Legend tells that long ago, a honey brew manager crafted this specially for the child hostage Holy Maiden, only to discover the whole thing was a misunderstanding.<br />
They planned to seal it away forever, but someone discovered it and repurposed it as a honey brew substitute. Can't exactly march into battle intoxicated, can you?<br />
It's all gone now. Production was already limited, and a cat somehow consumed the entire stock before our revelry began.<br />
I really wish I could have tried it.


Afterword<br />
Goodness! By Hysilens above, I've spent six hours and three quints on this tablet journal, and I'm completely sober now.<br />
What absolute drivel have I written here?<br />
Ah, well, since everyone's drunk, and the revelry never ends, nobody will care about my scribblings. I'll just leave this here for entertainment.<br />
Oh Hysilens above, what utter gibberish have I recorded? I need another bottle immediately. I'm done here.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = To Know Something Through Sweets: A Study of Honey Brew and Personality
|zhs  = 以蜜度人•论蜜酿与性格
|zht  = 以蜜度人•論蜜釀與性格
|ja   = メーレでわかる人間性・メーレと性格の関わりについて
|ko   = 꿀로 가늠하는 인간성•꿀 음료와 성격에 대해
|es   = Por su dulzura los conocerán: un estudio sobre el hidromiel y la personalidad
|fr   = Douceurs et apprentissage de l'autre&nbsp;: une étude de l'hydromel et de la personnalité
|ru   = По мёду мы судим человека. О медовом нектаре и характере
|th   = วาจาพาที: ว่าด้วยน้ำอมฤตและนิสัย
|vi   = Xem Rượu Đoán Người - Bàn Về Rượu Mật Và Tính Cách
|de   = Die Kunst der süßen Schmeichelei: Eine Studie über Honiggebräu und Persönlichkeit
|id   = Memikat Hati dengan Kemanisan: Studi tentang Nektar & Kepribadian
|pt   = Conhecer Alguém Através dos Doces: Um Estudo Sobre Hidromel e Personalidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}