<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Transmogrifier's Notes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 486
|partIds      = 190799
|title        = 
|image        = Item Transmogrifier's Notes.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Notes that the Lotophagists banned from being shown to other schools. According to a scholar who wished to remain anonymous, this was likely because: "One's dirty laundry should not be aired in public."
|part1        = Transmogrifier's Notes
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Transmogrifier's Notes''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="right">Chryseos the Lotophagist</div>

I am certain that I have seen the truth. No, maybe those fruits affected my judgment? But I witnessed this all with my own eyes. There cannot be any mistake. I must record this, even if it gets me in trouble.

Yesterday, I discovered a strange plant when I was collecting samples in the garden &mdash; it was extremely beautiful, with vines that could bend at will like an elegant goose's neck... And such smooth, pure white petals! I will chalk it up to good fortune that I happened across it while it was bearing fruit. I swallowed the purple fruits with pleasure. The taste was extraordinarily sweet, and the aroma was difficult to describe. Unfortunately, a little while later, I started to feel unwell and my throat began to hurt. My head grew hazy like I had a cold &mdash; That's right. The winds in the garden have been so frosty lately. I must have caught a cold!

I was going to go straight back home when I saw something unbelievable on my way back through the garden.

I saw Sage Medea standing alone in the moonlight! It seemed like she had not noticed me. I saw her body begin to twist and extend like the patterns of a growing tree, yet compressed down to the time it takes for a few breaths. Her arms transformed into branches, her hair into vines, and her skin became covered in fine lines like the rings of a tree. The most shocking part was that she began to speak to the surrounding plants in a whispering voice that I had never heard before.

I think this explains why the Lotophagists can so accurately comprehend the true nature of plants. Their Sage was not just researching the plants. She herself was...

She herself was a plant... so... She's not a person at all!!!

Even if she is a person, she is a plant that can transform into a person... Maybe I can refer to her as...? Wait, I think there were similar records in the Grove archives.

I've got it!!!!!!

''(The handwriting here suddenly becomes very messy)''

Someone is coming. I can hear footsteps down the corridor. No, those aren't footsteps... they sound more like... the sound of branches dragging across a floor?

She's found me! She knows that I know her secret! No, is this her "secret," or the secret of our school... Wait a second. Why was she so eager to recruit me in the first place? She even said that I had a great talent and passion for plant research... Could it be... Am I going to end up the same as Medea? I'm starting to get an idea...

''(The rest of the book is completely blank)''

''(There is a memo written on the final page of these notes, clearly in another person's handwriting.)''<br />These notes were discovered in the bushes of the Garden of Wisdom during the Month of Fortune, Light Calendar Year 3745. After investigation, it has been confirmed that Chryseos had indeed mistakenly ingested the fruit of a plant that is known for causing intense hallucinations. He has been sent to recovery. May he feel better soon.<br /><div align="right"> &mdash; Lotophagist Archive Manager</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Transmogrifier's Notes
|zhs  = 幻化者手记
|zht  = 幻化者手記
|ja   = 幻覚を見た者の手記
|ko   = 환화자의 수기
|es   = Notas del transmutador
|fr   = Notes de métamorphe
|ru   = Записки о трансфлорманте
|th   = บันทึกของผู้แปลงมายา
|vi   = Ghi Chú Của Người Biến Hóa
|de   = Die Notizen des Transmogrifizierten
|id   = Catatan Ahli Ilusi
|pt   = Notas do Transmutador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}