{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' When the "uncivilized" Lepismat system was first discovered by "civilization," the planet's surface teemed with swarms of insects. A leader gazed upon the star charts on the screen, relishing in the momentous occasion. He directed his attention towards Lepismat, awash in elation.
:'''Origin Universe:''' This leader... has always managed to succeed against all odds, and his triumphs have filled him with avarice, hubris, and an unwavering belief that he can conquer any planet and erect unprecedented civilizations. While he can get whatever he desires... he has never discovered what he really wants.
:'''Origin Universe:''' Now, he extends an invitation to you, something he rarely offers. He admires you, a navigator who composes poetry in your spare time. The curiosity for destiny is not just a butterfly that alights on your fingertips, but also on his.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|I will join.|A rare opportunity... You are willing to sacrifice some personal time for this.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' He discloses a secret: He is afflicted with a peculiar ailment that allows him to only retain memories of the most recent three days. The leader requests a favor of you: to document certain whispers about Lepismat and remind him of them every three days. At that moment, you realize that this will be the greatest moment of your life. You will become his right-hand man and serve as his second mind.
::'''Origin Universe:''' At the next landing, you will arrive in Lepismat. His eyes gleam... and you are aware that he believes in the half-deciphered whispers that were played in reverse. {{Color|Keyword|"He conquers planets. He establishes civilizations. He finds his lost self."}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|I refuse.|My ambition is to write poetry after work.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' At the next landing, you will arrive in Lepismat. His eyes gleam... and you are aware that he believes in the half-deciphered whispers that were played in reverse. {{Color|Keyword|"He conquers planets. He establishes civilizations. He finds his lost self."}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
