{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part IV
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part IV''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' Despite the gruesome scene before you, the individual in front of you displays no signs of mercy... The stench of blood mixed with fragrance fills your nostrils, and the remnants of insects are plastered to the window by the wind... which sends shivers down your spine. Thankfully, this place is sheltered by a layer of impenetrable glass, beyond which lies heaps of dead insects and fervent soldiers...
:'''Origin Universe:''' The leader beckons you to his side, immersing himself in the view outside the window and calling it as "a necessary path for the triumph of civilization." He implores you to chronicle his heroic deeds!
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Look around while making the record.|You're curious as to what kinds of insects he's caught during the process.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' At his feet lie a few *Larnoli Worms*, characterized by their soft bodies and exquisite color hues... reminiscent of jelly drops.
::'''Origin Universe:''' On his table, there are tiny *Fisgerald Bugs*... ruthless and elusive assassins... Some of them only reveal their true form under certain lighting conditions.
::'''Origin Universe:''' He is toying with... a *Tagger* in his hand? No matter how you move around, his gaze never meets yours as he always keeps an eye on your back.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Oh... what an adorable *Tagger*.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Stealthily release the little ones he had caught.|Let's go, little ones.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' You wait for several system hours until the leader falls asleep and begins to snore... Finally, you seize your chance to place your hand on those worms. It's time to leave... little ones. Go find a safer place away from the flames of war and fly freely in the sky.
::'''Origin Universe:''' You see a *Tagger* following you, reluctant to leave. You steel yourself and shoo it away.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Oh... what an adorable *Tagger*.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part IV
|zhs  = 其四
|zht  = 其四
|ja   = その4
|ko   = IV
|es   = Parte IV
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;IV
|ru   = IV
|th   = ตอน 4
|vi   = Phần 4
|de   = Teil 4
|id   = Bagian IV
|pt   = Parte IV
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
