{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part II
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part II''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' The Swarm, emerging from an uncharted islet, ravages through the Cosmos, turning numerous star systems into barren wastelands... Soon, everything is devoured. The Swarm consumes countless worlds until not even the corpses of their victims remain.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' You trail the Swarm to a planet piled with corpses. As you inadvertently kick over a body, its shattered head suddenly springs to life! It is then that you notice an unlikely survivor with a scraggly beard, grizzled hair, twisted ankles, and scant clothing. The whiteness upon his crown catches your notice, and he raises his head and meets your gaze.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Approach and strike up a conversation.|Look, who's that?}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He thanks you, smiles at you, and then lets out a torrent of furious curses!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He curses in a hoarse and anguished voice, lamenting that even after defeating the bounty hunters, he failed to find the "self" he had been seeking... and started to believe that the person who had recorded the whispers was nothing more than a liar! Despite this, he persisted in his "conquests."
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He curses vehemently as he attaches the *half of his head* you just kicked back to its original position.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Expeditiously avoid.|Don't pick a fight.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He gazes at your back as you depart, and unleashes a torrent of furious curses!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He curses in a hoarse and anguished voice, lamenting that even after defeating the bounty hunters, he failed to find the "self" he had been seeking... and started to believe that the person who had recorded the whispers was nothing more than a liar! Despite this, he persisted in his "conquests."
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He curses vehemently as he attaches the *half of his head* you just kicked back to its original position.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part II
|zhs   = 其二
|zht   = 其二
|ja    = その2
|ko    = II
|es    = Parte II
|fr    = Partie II
|ru    = II
|th    = ตอน 2
|vi    = Phần 2
|de    = Teil 2
|id    = Bagian II
|pt    = Parte II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
