{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part V
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part V''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' You arrive at a desolate world, where nothing but a vast, lifeless desert remains. An old man with grizzled hair and twisted ankles sits amidst *dunes* and *sand warriors*, keeping the Swarm at bay with his sand walls.
:'''Swarm Universe:''' Despite having overcome aging, a natural biological process for living beings, he appears tormented. He looks exhausted and says that he doesn't understand why he just won't die. He scratches his ankles and shows you the sand towers he has crafted.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Sincere praise.|Nicely built!}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' He thanks you, smiles at you, and then lets out a torrent of furious curses!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' The old man explains that he has created buildings, islands, pavilions, castles, and even a miniature metropolis for slaves... all out of sand. He has witnessed his miniature empire rise, thrive, decline, and ultimately fall. According to him, he is so skilled in this craft that he once even restored "civilization" in a land possessed of naught but corpses. However, now he seems exhausted and is ready to depart for the next world.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' But you refuse to hear anything! His reprimands were so harsh that you begin to weep uncontrollably...
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Your tears inadvertently destroy countless *Sand Mechs*... prompting them to protest! Please, just stop crying.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Extend an index finger...|Hahah! And knock down the sand dune he spent ten natural years building!}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' This desire is too overwhelming! You gently reach out a finger... and destroy his decades-old creation in one fell swoop!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' To your surprise, he thanks you and smiles at you. But then, he lets out a torrent of furious curses!
::'''Swarm Universe:''' The old man explains that he has created buildings, islands, pavilions, castles, and even a miniature metropolis for slaves... all out of sand. He has witnessed his miniature empire rise, thrive, decline, and ultimately fall. According to him, he is so skilled in this craft that he once even restored "civilization" in a land possessed of naught but corpses. However, now he seems exhausted and is ready to depart for the next world.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' But you refuse to hear anything! His reprimands were so harsh that you begin to weep uncontrollably...
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Your tears inadvertently destroy countless *Sand Mechs*... prompting them to protest! Please, just stop crying.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part V
|zhs  = 其五
|zht  = 其五
|ja   = その5
|ko   = V
|es   = Parte V
|fr   = Partie V
|ru   = V
|th   = ตอน 5
|vi   = Phần 5
|de   = Teil 5
|id   = Bagian V
|pt   = Parte V
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
