{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' After the destruction subsides, a group of "Sin Thirsters" emerge from the void, feeding on the sense of guilt. They appear fleetingly, and dance around in jubilation, having gained a new lease on life. They represent the souls of the deceased: the Swarm that has died and been reborn, and the civilizations that have been destroyed and reconstructed...
:'''Ember Universe:''' As a Sin Thirster shifts and transforms like smoke, it eventually takes on a hunched human-like form. When it lingers near you, you detect both an alluring fragrance and the scent of blood.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Eat it up!|Doesn't it know that it's just a mass of gas?}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' You feel as if you have gulped down a mass of air as a Sin Thirster stirs within your stomach, leaving a flavor resembling that of a *Stink Fruit*.
::'''Ember Universe:''' Somehow, your actions seem to have agitated it. It alters its appearance and introduces itself in silence as a soldier imbued with "joy," and a Self-Annihilator who has forgotten how to erase itself from existence.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Tell it its name when it was alive.|Names are masks created by the living for their own emptiness.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' Somehow, your actions seem to have agitated it. It alters its appearance and introduces itself in silence as a soldier imbued with "joy," and a Self-Annihilator who has forgotten how to erase itself from existence.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part III
|zhs  = 其三
|zht  = 其三
|ja   = その3
|ko   = III
|es   = Parte III
|fr   = Partie III
|ru   = III
|th   = ตอน 3
|vi   = Phần 3
|de   = Teil 3
|id   = Bagian III
|pt   = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
