{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part VI
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part VI''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' Guided by the ripples in your goblet, your gondola arrives at Elydichna, a desolate world ravaged by the Swarm. Amidst rusted iron sheets and charred soil, you encounter a reclusive Self-Annihilator. Upon seeing you, he glares viciously, and you follow his gaze to the Memory Bubble hovering in front of the gondola. He swallows hard and extends his hand towards it!
:'''Ember Universe:''' At that moment, an eerie, amalgamated sound emanates from all corners of the sky &mdash; you see everyone on the gondola acting bizarrely, seemingly unable to resist this sound. You have no idea which dimension the noise can be sourced from, but it sounds akin to a cacophonous carol with booming, whimpering, and laughter combined with hymns arranged in parallel. Everyone except you succumbs to the noise, falling into a state of ecstasy as if they have witnessed divine revelations. Despite your attempts to stop them, they follow the rhythm and pound the Memory Bubble in the dust until it cracks!
:'''Ember Universe:''' As a {{Color|Keyword|Shadow of Nihility}} emerges from the broken Memory Bubble, the Self-Annihilator's heartfelt smile abruptly turns to anguish. He embraces the shadow with open arms and gets consumed immediately, vanishing in an instant!
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Kill it, quick!|You don't want to be eaten by it!}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' The Arbitrators of Equilibrium take action before you do! With a resounding boom, the Shadow of Nihility fades, and the eerie sound dissipates. At last, the restless Swarm throughout the universe begins to calm down.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|What kind of a Shadow of Nihility is it?|You don't understand.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' The shadow is actually the *back* of an entire world. At that moment, the Self-Annihilator finally reclaims his lost self... He merges with the shadow, and his very existence dissipates into oblivion in the blink of an eye.
::'''Ember Universe:''' The Arbitrators of Equilibrium take action before you do! With a resounding boom, the Shadow of Nihility fades, and the eerie sound dissipates. At last, the restless Swarm throughout the universe begins to calm down.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part VI
|zhs  = 其六
|zht  = 其六
|ja   = その6
|ko   = VI
|es   = Parte VI
|fr   = Partie VI
|ru   = VI
|th   = ตอน 6
|vi   = Phần 6
|de   = Teil 6
|id   = Bagian VI
|pt   = Parte VI
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
