{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = We Are Cowboys
|image         = Random Event Battle.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''We Are Cowboys''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are grazing grass on the sun-baked earth when a bunch of beefy guys comes your way. They are the street bandits who wreak havoc wherever they go. They are followed by a team of mercenaries.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We're the last cowboys!" Shouts the leader who flails his arms happily. The red ibis armbands indicate their submission to the royal family. You believe they are the royal bandits.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Leave your gold coins behind. We need funds to oil the development of the city. Generosity is in line with the cowboy's spirit!" Scowling at the shameless bandits, you bite off the grass with your mouth...
;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Voidranger: Trampler*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Incineration Shadewalker*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Searing Prowler*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
;(Lose 25% of currently possessed Cosmic Fragments)
;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Nihility)
;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Nihility)
;(Lose 50% of currently possessed Cosmic Fragments)
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = We Are Cowboys
|zhs  = 我们是牛仔
|zht  = 我們是牛仔
|ja   = {{Rubi|僕|ぼく}}たちカウボーイ
|ko   = 우리는 카우보이
|es   = Somos vaqueros
|fr   = Nous sommes des cowboys
|ru   = Мы ковбои
|th   = พวกเราคือคาวบอย
|vi   = Chúng Tôi Là Cao Bồi
|de   = Wir sind Cowboys
|id   = Kami Adalah Koboi
|pt   = Nós Somos Caubóis
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
