{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Judged as Inorganic: Liquid Gold (I)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 10.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Judged as Inorganic: Liquid Gold (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Under the gaze of the Equilibrium, the universe's deviation is returning to its proper course: a golden river materializes in the cosmos, flowing swiftly to where countless drops of crimson gold congregate.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Then, you see all the *currencies* and *resources* in the universe converging into the river! It is {{Color|Keyword|in the grasps of Louis Fleming and Dongfang Qixing!}} Your eyes widen in consternation... as you realize this is where the wealth in the universe ends up ultimately.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' At this moment, IPC's monopoly on interstellar trade has reached an unprecedented level: IPC becomes the de facto controller of many galaxies. All divisions operate at a high speed, leaving their mark in countless worlds.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Meetings among the puppets of IPC known as the "Ten Leaders Summit" take place frequently. Behind the political leaders of the galaxies, it's often the *power of wealth* that takes charge of these meetings.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The scales have tipped, and every living being is aware of it. Wealth and poverty are no longer in equilibrium. As expected, a trade war is triggered in the furthest and poorest starzones. Some worlds, mired in the quicksand of debt, start fighting for *wealth*.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' At the same time, an internal conflict is taking place at IPC on the down-low. While the planets on the fringe of the universe are at war, De Wayne of the Technology Division sees it as a chance to occupy, colonize, and expropriate the inorganic worlds. After seeing what might be significant, De Wayne starts recruiting mercenaries to establish an armed organization &mdash; and you are part of it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I am a machine mercenary.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I am a human mercenary.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You infiltrate the Armed Archaeologists of the Intelligentsia Guild and travel to the inorganic life zone by a research vessel. De Wayne has warned you to never reveal for whom you work.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' There is only one thing on your mind &mdash; stealing the Anti-Organic Equation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You unexpectedly arrived in the Machine Empire, where you encountered a multitude of wonders: Intellitrons, beasts of the future, collective machines, and more inorganic life forms. However, what's unfortunate is that this time, the Masked Fools have infiltrated as well! The moment you entered, you became wanted, stumbling and faltering all the way, ending up in front of a massive *machine* in a state of shock, ultimately leaving empty-handed.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Organic or not, none of you are good!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Judged as Inorganic: Liquid Gold (I)
|zhs  = 判定无机：「流动的金黄」•其一
|zht  = 判定無機：「流動的金黃」•其一
|ja   = {{Rubi|無機判定|むきはんてい}}：「{{Rubi|流|なが}}れる{{Rubi|黄金|おうごん}}」・その1
|ko   = 무기 판단: 「흐르는 황금」•1
|es   = Declarado inorgánico: oro líquido I
|fr   = Jugé inorganique : Or liquide (I)
|ru   = Установленный неорганик: Жидкое золото I
|th   = ตัดสินอินทรีย์: "ทองคำไหลหลั่ง" (1)
|vi   = Phán Định Vô Cơ: Vàng Lưu Thông 1
|de   = Anorganische Einstufung: Flüssiges Gold (I)
|id   = Dinilai Non-organik: "Emas Mengalir" (1)
|pt   = Julgado como Inorgânico: Ouro Líquido (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
