<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Advisor Physician#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Elation*8
|path2    = Abundance*4
|effect   = DMG dealt by {{Trait|Dewdrop}} is considered as Follow-up ATK DMG. After {{Trait|Dewdrop}} burst as a result of the character launching a Follow-up ATK or using an attack, there is a {{Color|h|16%}} fixed chance every time for them to trigger the following effect: Charge {{Trait|Dewdrop}} for {{Color|h|80%}} of its maximum, and deals DMG equal to 1/2/3/4 time(s) of {{Trait|Dewdrop}}'s Charge with a {{Color|h|10%}}/{{Color|h|40%}}/{{Color|h|40%}}/{{Color|h|10%}} fixed chance.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Advisor Physician''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Hey! Don't miss out on the best deals! Your eyes sight a customer among the crowd with surgical precision. They may be looking for what cannot be obtained, or lost in fatigue, and seek a quick fix. Just include them in the prescription, and a life of sinking lows may be spared. Of course, this business of salvation from suffering and hardship is not without its price. A pen that has failed at cheating can be grown into a robot's seed. A joke that has not been heard before will at least make you laugh no matter what.<br /><br />When the boisterous laughter passes, the pharmacy will be filled with every prescription imaginable and unimaginable &mdash; one will surely pique your fancy. The crestfallen who wish to rise again, the dejected who yearn for companionship, that royal who longs for eternal reign, and that noble who desires to keep his people blinded to his follies, they all knock on the gate of your store, bringing with them jokes, tricks, and gags big and small, for ideas great and tiny.<br /><br />Is the devil's tongue the antidote, or poisoned wine? It is up to the person to determine.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The display cabinets in the pharmacy are stacked full of all kinds of collectibles that customers have used as payment. Whenever you can find the time, you'll take them out and relish in the joy and the detail of each story.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The singing stone comes from the prince of Taraka. Whisked away by the king to a wishing hut on a foreign planet, the prince exchanged his most precious possession for a prescription. He asked: How can I ease the suffering of my people?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take all your money and make it rain!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go and be among the people yourself.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The young prince left without even looking back. Such a deranged answer is worth less than a stone.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The second collection comprises an amethyst scepter from the prime minister of the constitutional state of Taraka. He used self-replicating clones to put the king under house arrest but also drove away workers at the factory. The almighty metal whip lashed at powerless humans, and only by mining solar corona in the star mines could people demonstrate their ultimate value. He asked: How can the complaints of the people be eradicated?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give them new technology.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Change their existing ideas.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' He looks to be mulling something over, then incinerates the books, revises history, and deletes the revolutionary vocabulary from the dictionary.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The third reward is a set of ruby scales from the president of the Taraka Federation. Rebellion across eight star segmenta had placed him in a bind. The rebels were even going so far as to hurl themselves into the Forge of Destruction just to take revenge against this dictator who requires payment even for the right to breathe. He asked: How can I take back my own land?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bo&mdash;ring.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You refuse to accept such a thing &mdash; right up until a soldier from the Antimatter Legion brings the scales here and recounts exactly how ugly the president looked as he begged for the Legion's mercy.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Gotta follow the doctor's orders," you say with a smirk.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Advisor Physician
|zhs  = 谏语医师
|zht  = 諫語醫師
|ja   = {{Rubi|諫言|かんげん}}の{{Rubi|医師|いし}}
|ko   = 간언하는 의사
|es   = Médico amonestador
|fr   = Médecin conseiller
|ru   = Врач-консультант
|th   = หมอที่ปรึกษา
|vi   = Bác Sĩ Khuyên Can
|de   = Mahnender Arzt
|id   = Advisor Physician
|pt   = Médico Conselheiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}