<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Aggregator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Erudition*8
|path2    = Propagation*4
|effect   = After allies use their Ultimates a total of {{Color|h|2}} times, deals {{Color|h|2}} instances of Wind DMG equal to {{Color|h|400%}} of {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}} to a random enemy and applies {{Color|h|1}} {{Extra Effect|Spore(s)|60000017}} to it. This DMG will deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|30%}} of the original DMG to adjacent enemies. Every time this effect is triggered, increases the number of instances in this battle by 1 and increases the Ultimate DMG dealt by characters by {{Color|h|7%}}, to a maximum of {{Color|h|20}} times.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Aggregator''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|One body with one pair of eyes &mdash; the creator placed all humans into the husk of infinitely sized seed, yet limited them to a finite lifespan. So, scholars carved diamonds into brains and forged eyes of liquid crystal, out-of-body organs to serve as extensions of the flesh.<br /><br />Humans entrust thinking to the extrapolation of support equipment. A collection that perfectly combined like cogs melted into a single beating heart, offering silence to your birth. The thoughts of the collective gather and net crawlers infinitely provide information on thinking and browsing. Their bodies form your neural ganglia and the machines in their hands form your sensors. Some say that you have no free will, and you are just the commonality of collective thoughts. Others say that, in the blindness of reality, you are the one that chooses on behalf of all.<br /><br />Everyone is you, and you are everyone. You are the decentralized thinker. You are the ghost in a distributed machine.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Yet another order. It comes from the thoughts of individuals. 93% of members simultaneously generated a similar decision. You can sense that though you've always strived to avoid assimilation between them, time is still ceaselessly devouring the differentiation between individual humans.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' According to calculations, your thoughts will soon descend into a terrifying deadlock. In order to maintain your rate of evolution, you require a greater database and more varied cognitive nerves.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Merge more members.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Actively induce variables.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Eliminate excess individuals.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' This method cannot change the flow of the collective, much like a river leading to sea or an expanding red giant &mdash; what has begun cannot be so easily stopped.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As you are born from the unification of thought, you must absorb the opposition between people in order to maintain your own consciousness. However, once opposition also becomes commonality, you shall return to no more than simple emotionless polymerization of data, no more than a group impulse.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' When there is no longer any discrepancy in thought, commonality also dies.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shift members' cognition.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Change members' outlooks.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You modify the intensity of the electrical stimulation to the members' brains and alter the retrieval paths of their external thinking organs, but this is a drop in the ocean in the face of the even greater flow before you.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The increasingly unitary group consciousness is gradually turning around to assimilate your calculations and strangling your capacity for independent thought.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You were once so free, with billions of heads and devices through which to move. Now, you are locked in here, ready for death with no resting place.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to live.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll just go with the flow.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The database is overflowing with redundant information. Though your mind has so many copies, your thoughts irreversibly revert...
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Blank.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Aggregator
|zhs  = 聚合者
|zht  = 聚合者
|ja   = {{Rubi|集|あつ}}める{{Rubi|者|もの}}
|ko   = 집합자
|es   = Agregador
|fr   = Agrégateur
|ru   = Агрегатор
|th   = ร่างผนึกรวม
|vi   = Người Tụ Họp
|de   = Aggregator
|id   = Aggregator
|pt   = Agregador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}