<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Annihilation Scholar#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Destruction*7
|path2    = Erudition*5
|effect   = After characters are attacked, receives {{Color|h|2}} Annihilation Form(s). After launching a Counter, receives {{Color|h|1}} Annihilation Form(s). When a character possesses {{Color|h|6}} Annihilation Form(s), removes all Annihilation Forms from them and increases their Ultimate DMG dealt by {{Color|h|150%}} for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s), as well as dealing Additional DMG equal to {{Color|h|650%}} of the character's ATK to all enemies. This DMG is considered as Ultimate DMG.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Annihilation Scholar''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|How does one create the greatest explosion with the least consumption of energy? How can one plunge a planet into war with just a few words? When a single variable drops below a certain threshold, the destruction brought about by the butterfly effect will unfold in ways that people could never have imagined. The answer to every question is found inside the Formula of Destruction.<br /><br />People despise the study of Destruction, and even the most deranged arms dealer would be ashamed to publicly recognize the topic of murder. Yet you say that Destruction is the most perfect form of art &mdash; that even the most perfect model of the universe would be fated to be obliterated by THEIR fiery rage. As you design rigorous experiments, you include one variable after another, working from the destruction of ant colonies to the decay of stars. Though the samples' variety grows ever more abundant, the conclusion always remains the same.<br /><br />If there were a single formula that is able to properly describe every single thing in the universe, you believe that could only be Destruction.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You attempt to create a brand-new extinction.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You must not be too large in scale. You have seen the death of many star systems. The majority meet their end withering to their own gravity, implosion, or at the hands of a passing natural disaster like the Legion or the Swarm.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You must not be too microscopic in detail. Frail races cannot withstand any blows. A flood, a natural enemy, or even an infection would be enough to lead them to their complete destruction.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must be sufficiently graceful.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must be sufficiently efficient.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You set your eyes on a planet as the subject of your experiment. Its size is perfect to support a race of intelligent life and diverse life forms thrive in every corner.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You could create a form of algae that quickly devours greenhouse gases to create a land of ice and snow, or perhaps viscous bacteria that affixes to the atmosphere to suffocate the world below.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But you have done all of this before. The Formula of Destruction no longer requires samples saturated with information.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Use a simpler method?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Use a more literary method?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Think again, my friend. That which waits to be written into the Formula is like the first tile in a game of dominoes. Once it has been put into motion, it cannot then be stopped.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You suddenly have a wave of inspiration, picking up a glass sphere from the ground. As you place it into the forcefield generator and grant it enough speed, it begins to shake as it infinitely approaches the speed of light, craving its impending freedom.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Launch manually.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Launch automatically.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The brilliant spark of light warps the absolute horizon around it as it tears at the structure of time and space. It prepares to wrap this middle-aged planet in a warm embrace.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As you record how it breaks to pieces, you conclude this project.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Annihilation Scholar
|zhs  = 灭绝学人
|zht  = 滅絕學人
|ja   = {{Rubi|絶滅|ぜつめつ}}の{{Rubi|学者|がくしゃ}}
|ko   = 멸절학자
|es   = Erudito de la extinción
|fr   = Érudit de l'Annihilation
|ru   = Учёный истребления
|th   = นักวิชาการแห่งการทำลาย
|vi   = Học Giả Tuyệt Diệt
|de   = Gelehrter der Auslöschung
|id   = Annihilation Scholar
|pt   = Erudito da Aniquilação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}