<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bionic Messiah#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = The Hunt*8
|path2    = Abundance*4
|effect   = When no enemy target has Fiber, Fiber will be applied to random attacked targets after characters use an attack. After targets with Fiber receive a total of {{Color|h|8}} attacks or are defeated, the target receives Lightning DMG equal to {{Color|h|4,500%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}}, adjacent targets receive DMG equal to {{Color|h|3,000%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}}, and all allies' Max HP increases by {{Color|h|80%}}, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s). If only 1 enemy target is attacked, then {{Color|h|2}} attacks are considered to have been launched.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Bionic Messiah''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The universe is a web and life is its pattern. Every time life is destroyed, the loom's shuttle shall trace along the trail of tears to seal the wounds that have not yet spread.<br /><br />You place yourself inside the silver "needle" and traverse the wastelands of Ladiklan, jabbing into the bodies of refugees of war, strangling pathological cells, and extracting fatal ailments. You place yourself into the red "thread" and float through the pollution zone of the Kuvida Nebula, entangling the genes of the refugees, connecting the survival of a race, and repairing their genetic rifts.<br /><br />There is no place that is free from war and disaster, and the shuttle never stops. As you rush towards any place from which you hear the sounds of crying, you stitch the web of life and use it to shelter humanity from disease and hardships. One day, it will be torn apart, but you will repair it again and again until there are no more laments in the universe.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You sit atop a freezing cold stone. As the seawater erodes the wound on your legs, the pain of the inflammation makes you anxious. However, the people before you do not permit you to show such emotions. As the weaver that roams the universe, all you can offer them is hope, and it must be hope alone.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The water people crawl out from the seas, risking becoming stranded on the beaches to bring their malnourished children before you. The adults constantly pour seawater onto the bodies of the sick to prevent them from drying out in the sun.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stitch up their wounds.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Diagnose their conditions.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You pull crude tools from your bag and try to treat your patients as tenderly as possible. As the sunken spaceships descended to the depths, this was all they were able to help you retrieve.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The tentacles slap against the sea waves. They are expressing joy at your arrival. Of course, you did not tell them just how many shuttles were unable to make it through the antimatter minefield in the sky.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' And, on the coastline across from you, the battle between the water and land people wages on ceaselessly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You see a black cloud.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You see a dyed red ocean.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You see death on the water surface.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The cost of this war ushered in by cannon fire beyond the sky must be covered with lives on the ground. Though you can stitch the wounds on their bodies and heal their sickness, the resentment beyond all this is nigh on impossible to eradicate.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' A number of tentacles clamber forth to offer you food, and this is the only payment they can offer you. However, your eyes never move from the skies. The split in the clouds grows ever more vast, until it is finally torn asunder by a fleet of ships.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Like a needle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Like a thread.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' When the gap in the fabric is too vast to be stitched together, the only choice left is to weave death for those that destroy it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bionic Messiah
|zhs  = 纺生救主
|zht  = 紡生救主
|ja   = {{Rubi|生|せい}}を{{Rubi|紡|つむ}}ぐ{{Rubi|救世主|きゅうせいしゅ}}
|ko   = 삶을 엮는 구세주
|es   = Mesías biónico
|fr   = Messie bionique
|ru   = Бионический мессия
|th   = ผู้กอบกู้ทางชีวภาพ
|vi   = Đấng Cứu Thế Sinh Học
|de   = Bionischer Retter
|id   = Bionic Messiah
|pt   = Salvador Biônico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}