<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Borisin#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Abundance*8
|path2    = Destruction*4
|effect   = Flower of Annihilation appears in the Action Order. When {{Trait|Dewdrop}} breaks, it will Charge Flower of Annihilation by {{Color|h|600%}} of the Dewdrop's charge. When Flower of Annihilation takes action, it deals Charge value + {{Color|h|1,200%}} of {{Trait|base DMG}} Fire DMG to all enemies. Every stack of {{Trait|Grit}} held by the team will additionally increase the DMG by {{Color|h|1.5%}}.
|mentions = Borisin
}}
'''Borisin''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The mechabeast's sharp fangs tear through the battlefield, its insatiable bloodlust and malevolence unmistakable, as it masticates the prey's bridge and devours the opponent's retaliation, shoving it down its throat. Roots made for ingestion peel away the weak skin, tracing its onslaught, as you valiantly leap into the heart of the enemy's ship. The blood thrumming in your veins drives you, and even the armor on your back seems to echo with vigor.<br /><br />Sharp fangs slice through throats, claws maul through armor, and the feeble primate trembles under the destruction of the Lupitoxin. You extinguish his life as easily as crushing an ant, and this bores you a little. Ignoring the relentless itch that is penetrating your skin, you hold a weapon that only a slave will use, inching closer to your scattered prey, your body swelling.<br /><br />The cycle of nature sees the weak surrender all to the wolves. Sipping on the blood of sheep, gnawing on bones and flesh, and draping on howling furs, the blades of war shall paint the lands in crimson red.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The armor shatters. Your blood mixes with its blood. Clusters of wounds erupt all over your body before quickly healing. You have forgotten how long it had been since you were this happy. It's making you eagerly desire clutching onto your prey's throat, tearing off its head, and causing you to enjoy this red mist stained by slaughter so very much.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The fallen beast ship is still lapping the battlefield as if it knows no pain. Fear is an emotion alien to the borisin. More and more prey appear before you. They treat this as a capture operation &mdash; but you consider it a hunt.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dash into enemy formations.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The rage of a lone wolf stirs up a corner of the flames of war, just like a memory etched into time. Vultures and primates shredded its flesh, crushing the trapped beast into submission. It gnawed off those terrible wings and chewed through the whip-like tail, before breaking out the almighty torrent of blood and flesh.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Pulling the speartip out, you imbibe of your own blood. It tastes sweet, imbued with the blessing of the Master of Immortality, and has witnessed alongside you the annihilation of many a nation or people... Perhaps today you'll come to witness your own annihilation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not a chance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's for later.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Your spear snaps, so you stretch out your claws. Once those are blunted, you bare your fangs. Then they break, and reappear as your bones regrow. You can see the prey swaying now &mdash; even if they can resist the lupitoxin, their pupils cannot help but shrink to pinpricks.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You stand up from a pool of blood, your canine fangs baring forward uncontrollably. Your leg bones and muscles grow with the power of Abundance, and your gaze cannot help but descend to gaze down upon the feeble lifeforms before you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Begin the hunt.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Keep fighting.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "The moon" is out.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Borisin
|zhs  = 步离人
|zht  = 步離人
|ja   = {{Rubi|歩離人|ほりじん}}
|ko   = 보리인
|es   = Borisin
|fr   = Borissien
|ru   = Борисинец
|th   = Borisin
|vi   = Người Boris
|de   = Borisin
|id   = Borisin
|pt   = Borisin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}