<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Child of Calamity#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Propagation*7
|path2    = Nihility*5
|effect   = Enemy target obtains Borehole when entering battle: Borehole will record all {{Extra Effect|Spores|60000017}} numbers accumulated by the holder. After accumulating {{Color|h|18}} Spores, deals Quantum DMG to all enemies equal to {{Color|h|2,200%}} of {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}}. For every debuff the enemy has, this DMG increases by {{Color|h|10%}}, up to an increase of {{Color|h|100%}}. Then, the accumulated spore count is cleared.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Child of Calamity''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Crunch. Crunch. The craters of Borkazi see no light. You close your eyes, and waves of the tide slap on your tympanal organ &mdash; it is the buzzing of the offspring, the carcasses of the hunt hanging from their tarsi, and their jaws chewing on their spoils. Crunch. Crunch. Sounds of elytra colliding and grinding can be heard from the craters. That is the rapid marching of the offspring, bearing gifts of sweet fragrant flesh before you in offering to their mother, their father, to you that birthed and raised catastrophe.<br /><br />Crunch. Crunch. The craters of Borkazi are too congested. You try to move your body, but that mammoth mound of flesh is stuck in the cave, the cragged edges of its walls painfully driving into you, and so you give up, continuing to shove food presented to you into your maw, imitating the Swarm King in your blood, destined to propagate, propagate, propagate...}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Click-clack &mdash; it takes you a while before you're able to adapt to life without feet. They atrophied in this pit, growing soft before disappearing just like your wings and your exoskeleton did. But when you're in the darkness, a so-called long time is like a mere fleeting story.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Subconsciously, you open your mouth and wait for the kids to toss shredded food in. The chunks of meat are injected with digestive juices and melt in your belly like ambrosia, re-forming into their brothers and sisters. But something seems a little different today. A strong sense of dread permeates the wingflapping waves.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm starving.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm starving.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm starving.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You let out an uncharacteristic roar, but it seems that your organ responsible for that has atrophied, too. A large figure approaches you, gleeful as it pierces your skin to suck the pus and juices that pour out. Click-clack, the glands inspire its rebellion as its rear legs smash excitedly into the shell.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That hurts.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That hurts.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' What happened? Your capacity for thought is not enough to understand what's going on, despite the simplicity of the question. An old, dying king and a strong, hardy elite. The kids all look at it calmly as they let it kill the mother and father of the clan.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' It will replace you, become bloated, and let useless organs atrophy. But none of this is of any importance to you, anymore.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm tired.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Deep down inside a bottomless pit, you fall into a deep slumber accompanied by the roaring buzz of the Swarm as they welcome their new king.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Child of Calamity
|zhs  = 孕灾之子
|zht  = 孕災之子
|ja   = {{Rubi|災|わざわ}}いをはらむ{{Rubi|子|こ}}
|ko   = 재앙을 품은 아이
|es   = Progenie nutredesastres
|fr   = Enfant de la calamité
|ru   = Дитя катастрофы
|th   = บุตรแห่งหายนะ
|vi   = Đứa Con Của Thảm Họa
|de   = Kind des Unheils
|id   = Child of Calamity
|pt   = Herdeiros da Calamidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}