<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#City Restorer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Preservation*8
|path2    = Remembrance*4
|effect   = Comet Nucleus appears in the Action Order: Each time it takes a turn, absorbs all allies' Shields, reducing their values to 1, and turning the absorbed values into its own Shield. Then, it deals Physical DMG equal to {{Color|h|2,500%}} of its Shield value plus {{Color|h|1,000%}} {{Trait|base DMG}} to all enemies, with a {{Color|h|100%}} base chance to Freeze enemies for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). When characters take damage, Comet Nucleus's Shield will be consumed first. When {{Trait|Quake}} DMG is triggered, {{Color|h|80%}} of Comet Nucleus's Shield will be considered as the character's Shield.
|mentions = 
}}
'''City Restorer''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You lean against the window of the ship, with a desolate world in despair beneath you. The fires of war have utterly ravaged its lands &mdash; the penetrative destruction of the Antimatter Bomb even boring a gaping maw over the plains itself, crushing the undercity in its wake. The people's heads lifted, their gazes trained on you. Those are eyes you are unflinchingly familiar with &mdash; devoid of hope and sadness, with hollowed sockets that have eventually lost even the will to feel anger.<br /><br />But you do not despair. Even if the eternal night annihilated a hundred Amber Eras of the Kardian Republic, you would sift through the earth for silvery vestiges of the past, all just to dig up its tapestries of history. Even more so for present-day Halover &mdash; as long as its people survived, a thousand, nay, ten thousand decimations could not prevent the sprouting of civilization from blossoming once more. You will walk towards those numbed faces, rebuild their walls for them, and restore civilization one tile at a time, one brick at a time.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Children hold onto your hand, beaming out from under muddy faces as they point to a patch of scorched earth where once stood Halover's most beautiful gardens, and where countless butterflies swarm only to be hunted by swooping hawks. The birds keep flying up higher and higher, to the very top of the Alortz Library where the silver disks tilt and bird chatter flutters through the air.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You silently commit these words to memory, creating a mind map of the old Halover.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rebuild the garden.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rebuild the library.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rebuild the world.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You don't plan on giving anything up. Architecture can carry people's happy memories with it, and you are bound to see them recreated in your plan. Your records, words, and designs are all slowly coming together, and starships from all over the galaxy trickle through to you alongside rescue teams. The lofty towers soar higher than before, beneath which gables shall never see the scourge of homelessness. The potholes have all been filled, and a sense of apprehensiveness finally departs from those tormented eyes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You feel happy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You feel sorry.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' There are still lots of places waiting for you to revitalize!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The elderly hand over their precious photos to you, trembling as the scholars integrate the surviving data. Halover will become a brand-new city, but it'll still keep those little bits that people cherish most. Because you are the best urban restoration specialist there is &mdash; you won't leave any smile behind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For protection.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For remembrance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For smiles.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' This garden has been burnt to smoldering crisp. You stand there like a composer, gradually piecing together the future of the city.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = City Restorer
|zhs  = 城市复原师
|zht  = 城市復原師
|ja   = {{Rubi|都市復元師|としふくげんし}}
|ko   = 도시 복원가
|es   = Especialista en restauración urbana
|fr   = Restaurateur de ville
|ru   = Реставратор городов
|th   = นักฟื้นฟูเมือง
|vi   = Người Tái Tạo Thành Phố
|de   = Stadtrestaurator
|id   = City Restorer
|pt   = Revitalizador da Cidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}