<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Heartless Giant#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Preservation*8
|path2    = Elation*4
|effect   = "{{Extra Effect|Quake|60000001}}" DMG is considered as Follow-up ATK DMG. After a character launches Follow-up ATKs, all allies gain 1 "Mechacore Component" stack, up to {{Color|h|77}} stack(s). After a character with a Shield is attacked, consumes all of their "Mechacore Component" to deal {{Color|h|7}} instances(s) of random-Type "{{Extra Effect|Quake|60000001}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|177%}} of the current Shield Effect. Every stack consumed increases this DMG by {{Color|h|7%}}.
|mentions = Interastral Peace Corporation; Qlipoth
}}
'''Heartless Giant''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You feel a phantom pain, your decaying legs are long gone. The screws bearing the emblem of the Architects and the impenetrable giant shield were disassembled piece by piece and sold to the IPC as relics of Preservation. You traded away the crystal oscillator &mdash; that was your ears, etched with scars from wartime. You parted with the fused alloy arms, the corrosion from Swarm blood still visible. You even took off the crystal sensors and sold that to them, your most proud eyes that once gazed at the Amber Lord.<br /><br />But it's still not enough, not by a long shot &mdash; hunger and poverty are far worse than the chelicerae of arthropods. So, you made a deal, sacrificing the Architects' mechanical heart, and in return, the people of this land will never weep from hunger again. Something brushes against your face &mdash; perhaps a bird, or maybe the sound of people's joyful laughter.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Sleep. That is what organic organisms call it. A break in the continuity of consciousness, it could also be seen as a form of death. That's right, you are a deceased giant, just another of the countless machines left behind by the Architects.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But you can currently sense your own existence. Your gigantic body has concentrated heat sources distributed across it. You were once the size of a mountain range, and now you are even vaster.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am a world.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am a dream.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am a ghost.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You open your eyes. A great nebula disperses in front of your eyes like clouds over a vast ocean as starlight hits your sensors. No matter where you cast your gaze, all you can see is an endless sea of stars.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Hey! Could it be that you're space trash floating around in the universe?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You desperately want to know where the people you once protected have gone to. You even sacrificed your last mechanical heart to buy back their smiles.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How long has passed?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They have all left.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They all disappeared.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "You big idiot, look in here!" You hear a call resound deep in your circuits, which irritates you slightly, but brings a greater sense of relief. You cast your gaze inside yourself, and atop a shining sphere of light stands a great city. In this city, tiny organic organisms wave back at you.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You finally understand what has happened. The entire planet and all of their laughter are now inside your body. They have become your heart and eyes and formed a new mission for this machine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I succeeded.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They all survived.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' In the ancient past, you gave them a heart. Now, they have given you a star.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Heartless Giant
|zhs  = 无心巨人
|zht  = 無心巨人
|ja   = ハートレスジャイアント
|ko   = 무심의 거인
|es   = Coloso desalmado
|fr   = Géant impitoyable
|ru   = Бессердечный гигант
|th   = ยักษ์ไร้หัวใจ
|vi   = Người Khổng Lồ Vô Tâm
|de   = Herzloser Riese
|id   = Heartless Giant
|pt   = Gigante Sem Coração
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}