<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Herb Plucker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Abundance*7
|path2    = Nihility*5
|effect   = Inflicts "Panacea" on enemy targets when they enter battle: When "{{Trait|Dewdrop}}" breaks, charges the attacked target's "Panacea" by {{Color|h|5%}} of the Dewdrop's charge, up to {{Color|h|100%}} of the sum of all characters' Max HP. At the start of the enemy target's turn, consumes the Charge value, deals Wind DoT equal to {{Color|h|200%}} {{Trait|base DMG}}, and restores all allies' HP by {{Color|h|5%}} of Max HP. For every Charge value that equals 1% of the sum of all characters' Max HP, increases this DMG by {{Color|h|8%}} and the restored HP amount by {{Color|h|4%}}.
|mentions = Yaoshi
}}
'''Herb Plucker''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|It is said that Abundance is the kindest panacea &mdash; it heals both the sick and sorrowful. Yet, those unworthy of a cure gain immortality, while those who deserve to live die without even a burial place. The Herb Plucker does not pluck herbs. Humans are what they pluck.<br /><br />The sick and penniless see you as a god and sculpt statues in your honor. The powerful and wealthy see you as a drug and imprison you in a cage. They drain your blood, distilling it into poison in test tubes. As they lay on their deathbed, they fire bullets into your chest. Yet, the only ones who do not age or die are the Herb Plucker.<br /><br />THEIR benedictions never seem to wane. You travel from planet to planet, restoring the overflowing life force to all beings. Yet, greed always eclipses goodness, and calamity always comes before healing. If this has always been the way of the world, O Yaoshi, what truly defines panacea, and what defines a good physician?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' An impromptu gathering, a needle that shoots into your skin, chain restraints, and the experiment pod walls. If you had known sooner that showing THEIR blessings to the elder would have won you an "invitation" here from the people behind the curtain, would you have made the same choice?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Without question, I have experienced this a million times already.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You look outside the pod at the aged man funding the operation. He doesn't even have the strength to look you in the eyes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You will regret this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Greed will bring disaster.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The blessing of immortality is also a curse.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' No one responds to your warning.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' A powerful, stinging pain envelops your body. It feels as if your very veins were being torn open, and you were being reduced to medicinal powder. The terrifying vitality flows into their bodies with your blood plasma and medicinal elixirs. First is the test subject, whose slashed open body begins to gradually heal, their transplanted tumor devoured by healthy cells.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Then is the sick patient, who rejoices at his eternal farewell with "death."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another disaster.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are all fools.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another sin of man.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Suddenly, the face of the man that instigated this disaster begins to contort as anthropoid limbs, mollusc tentacles, plant vines, and a stale, fetid life force come bursting endlessly from their skin.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The snapped syringe leaks the elixir onto the bodies of the nurses and researchers as the resulting explosion of biomass crushes the experiment pod walls. They cry out in suffering, their swollen bodies blending together and piercing each other's fragile skin.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is the medicine you asked for.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Grow, grow! The immortal monster bursts out of the laboratory and staggers into the plaza of the constitutional state. It was at this moment that another planet was pronounced dead.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Herb Plucker
|zhs  = 采药人
|zht  = 採藥人
|ja   = {{Rubi|薬採|くすりと}}り
|ko   = 약 채집자
|es   = Herborista
|fr   = Herboriste
|ru   = Собиратель трав
|th   = คนเก็บสมุนไพร
|vi   = Người Hái Thuốc
|de   = Kräutersammler
|id   = Herb Plucker
|pt   = Catador de Ervas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}