<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mausoleum of Scars#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Remembrance*8
|path2    = Destruction*4
|effect   = Oblivion appears in the Action Order: For every 10 actual Toughness Reduction dealt by an ally, the ally's action Advances Forward by {{Color|h|3%}}. When Oblivion takes action, deals Ice DMG equal to {{Color|h|2,000%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}} and deals {{Color|h|20}} Toughness Reduction to all enemies, with a {{Color|h|150%}} base chance to inflict the {{Extra Effect|Dissociation|60000002}} state on the targets, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). The state increases DMG taken by {{Color|h|60%}}, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Mausoleum of Scars''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Nothing is permanent, not even permanence itself. People's bodies decay, stories fade away, and the third death named "forgotten" will always lie in wait. You recall the great tree that stood in front of your gate as a child. Its branches broke, its sap flowed like weeping pus, then it made a full recovery. That repulsive scar will remain with it for eternity, until the soil becomes poison and the buildings collapse to the ground one after one.<br /><br />You want to leave a scar on the universe too, to make it suffer and remember your name. The pulverized stars burst into brilliant light and the destructive scene is bored into the eyes of all living beings, ensuring that the fear of this day is passed down to every generation for eternity. The call of death advances toward the end of the world. Endless millennia later, when even the amber that constructs the walls crumbles, there will still be those on distant shores who can see the delayed death rays.<br /><br />The hands of time have stopped, and your moment is no more. Only the scars of havoc still carry its stories of the past, told between nightmares in song.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As you open your eyes, a giant void engulfs you. You begin to be broken down over and over, then fall endlessly. Your brain is buzzing as you try to search for past memories, but to no avail.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The deathly silent space structure contains rippling waves of information, sharper than a black hole, softer than death, and carrying the scent of explosives, laughter, and Bathian coffee.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' It endlessly devours material and information of the past, like a sea creature from a classic story lurking in a deep whirlpool.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A scar on the universe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A depression in space-time.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You begin to remember the scene you saw on arrival: Lilac nebulae blooming like flowers, clouds of dust flowing through radio currents, countless ships undulating among them as the blazing blue lights of the engines shine brighter than even the stars.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But at this moment, there is nothing but deafening silence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The explosion devoured everything.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destruction will remember everything.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You allow your consciousness to grow lighter than your body and ascend to greater heights. Gravity stops your escape as it locks down your trunk and pulls apart your heart. Then, you finally glimpse the scar, the vortex torn into being from the explosion of Destruction.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Does the universe bleed? Does it cry? No one can answer these questions of yours. You sacrificed even your own life for the sake of this scar. It is so beautiful as it sinks in grace, until all life falls silent and the last intelligent life form is broken down into nothing. This scar will never be healed.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Never to be forgotten.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You see what looks like a baby before you, one that will never grow older, but remains curled up in the crevice of death, forever sobbing in pain. They swallow you into their mouth, as they swallow the stars above.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' This... is your final epitaph.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mausoleum of Scars
|zhs  = 伤痕冢
|zht  = 傷痕塚
|ja   = {{Rubi|傷痕|きずあと}}の{{Rubi|墓|はか}}
|ko   = 상처 무덤
|es   = Mausoleo de Cicatrices
|fr   = Mausolée des cicatrices
|ru   = Могила шрамов
|th   = สุสานแห่งรอยแผลเป็น
|vi   = Mộ Phần Của Vết Sẹo
|de   = Narbengrab
|id   = Mausoleum of Scars
|pt   = Mausoléu das Feridas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}