<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Molten Knight#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = The Hunt*8
|path2    = Propagation*4
|effect   = Every time the team obtains {{Color|h|9}} stack(s) of {{Trait|Critical Boost}} or defeats the enemy target, fires {{Color|h|10}} Lux Arrow(s) to strike random targets. Each Lux Arrow deals Wind DMG equal to {{Color|h|400%}} {{Trait|base DMG}} and applies {{Color|h|1}} {{Trait|Spores|Spore}} to the attacked target, while also dealing 1 hit of {{Trait|Spores|Spore}} burst DMG. During this time, max {{Trait|Spores|Spore}} stacks will become {{Color|h|99}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Molten Knight''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|From the moment you open your eyes in the incubator, the armor that has appeared countless times in the queen's dream is once again displayed before you. You reach out with your hands, and they wobble slightly from your unfamiliarity of using a body for the first time. Your fingers caress the cold steel of the armor's surface. As if harking your anticipation, a resplendent fire spins around it and slowly spreads out, attaching itself to you, and becoming a part of you forever.<br /><br />You eliminate all your enemies, disintegrate them into ashes, and ignite your thruster. The behaviors etched into your DNA then start to be executed. You hurtle headfirst into the Swarm, swiftly locking on to the weakest chink in their armor, and a fiery curtain shrouds the skyline, illuminating the horizon of the fallen Gresta. The roar of slaughter echoes out non-stop in your consciousness, as you rip out the monster's heart, as if you've already practiced this move a thousand times over, like a larva that knows to feast from the day it is hatched.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The waves of Silver Stings seem as though they'll never finish. The light of the stars has yet to fall, and the recaptured Kaliman colony had already returned to the frenzied buzzing of the insectoids.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You take off your armor and beat your heart forcefully, trying to use pain to stimulate your deteriorating body. If only you could just hold on one more time. As long as you can take back this star system, you'd even be happy to disappear into an entropy reaction.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The broken torsos drift off silently on the surface of nihility's sea, and you can't tell whether it's armor or a wing sheath. Before support arrives, you decide to bring the knight for one last fight.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Smash the flanks of the Swarm.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destroy the main force of the Swarm.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Piercing your armor with their poisonous stinging barbs, the bugs quickly break up your body tissue, which is then neutralized by the potion injected by the armor. Fierce firepower holds down the enemy's assault, but the never-ending stream of insects manifests themselves into an iron curtain that is constantly peeling off, which slowly rolls closer to you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Smash into their blockade wall!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tear them open from the inside!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Broken wings and mandibles poke into your armor, and a piercing roar envelops you &mdash; just like the horrible shrieks that keep you up at night. They push and shove as they pounce toward you, each bug trying to taste this delicious snack delivered straight to their door. The remaining fireflies already bespeak of your doomed fate.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You use the last remnants of your consciousness to boost the thrusters to max power. The overloaded temperature is enough to even scorch someone who's been with the armor for years, like yourself.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Farewell, comrade.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The summer bugs have never seen snow before. In a daze, you see a glowing bug landing on the back of your hand, as though it had been waiting here a long time.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You gently stroke its thorax as you walk off gleaming into the eternal darkness.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Molten Knight
|zhs  = 熔火骑士
|zht  = 熔火騎士
|ja   = {{Rubi|熔火騎士|ようかきし}}
|ko   = 불꽃 기사
|es   = Caballero Fundido
|fr   = Chevalier en fusion
|ru   = Расплавленный Рыцарь
|th   = อัศวินเปลวเพลิง
|vi   = Kỵ Sĩ Nóng Chảy
|de   = Geschmolzener Ritter
|id   = Molten Knight
|pt   = Cavaleiro Derretido
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}