<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Phantom Thief#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Elation*8
|path2    = The Hunt*4
|effect   = Calling Card appears in the Action Order: After characters launch a Follow-up ATK, their action advances by {{Color|h|5%}}. When taking action, advances the action of the first character in the lineup by {{Color|h|100%}}. After this character uses an attack, deals {{Color|h|10}} instance(s) of {{Trait|Aftertaste}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|40%}} of the character's ATK, taking effect over a max of {{Color|h|4}} attacks. Allies' {{Trait|Aftertaste}} DMG multiplier increases by {{Color|h|100%}} of the original multiplier, and a countdown with {{Color|h|100}} SPD appears in the Action Order. The effects last until the countdown's turn begins.
|mentions = New Londinium
}}
'''Phantom Thief''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is a classic line of work: Wearing a mask and fancy outfit and escaping through metal and vacuum. It's like a magic trick where you steal the treasure announced through a calling card using your cloak. Oh, and there should be a detective who is always one step behind the culprit but always manages to catch the culprit thanks to you leaving a trail of clues.<br /><br />The wicked fear you more than anything. You dive into the vault of New Londinium and spread word of politicians' misdoings through the clouds of exhaust gas. As they raise their guns and fire at you, they hit only the apparition you projected in the sky. Those that are most sinful hate you the most. You direct the bubbles under the curtain into the Battle Fortress of Sonagnat. After a warp jump, the President's wild ambitions and the slaves in the fortress both vanish deep into the depths of the universe.<br /><br />If the wicked are those that steal the joy of the good and call themselves heroes, then you shall become the sinner who bullies heroes and laughs loudly at their suffering from the cover of night.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' There is a sightseeing vessel known as The Righteous, slowly navigating through a small asteroid belt in the Demonto quadrant. You make a wager on the farthest asteroid to the right, wagering that it will undoubtedly be the first to smash into the ship and be blown into a wonderful fireworks display by the defense system.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You then stuff the banknotes of the tycoons into your pockets for the tenth time in a row.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You look to your side and see Nekar Chichi in the distance, a widely known interstellar business tycoon &mdash; he is wearing a primate skin and gives you a warm wave.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' He claps stiffly and his eyes glaze past you as he says, "Such fine luck."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was just my intuition.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I may have cheated a little.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was an educated prediction.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "When my grandfather's grandfather was still floating along the giant planet, he came across a glass bottle with a crystal stopper. From that moment, fortune followed him wherever he roamed."
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Yet now, someone has sent me a calling card declaring that they will steal it from before my very eyes."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're just blowing smoke.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This may just be a prank.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Leave this place and we can both keep our heads held high." Snipers are locked onto you from 23 different angles. You tried to hack the system, but it's completely locked down.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You put on your gloves, rub your hands together, and switch the substituted crystal stopper into your hand with familiar ease.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You watch on in glee as the smug and satisfied expression suddenly turns to dread.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The moment that the stopper was unplugged, thousands of kidnapped consciousnesses had already escaped from the bottle. This was the secret of the Nekar Chichi family.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bid him farewell.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bid the audience farewell.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bid the detective who has rushed over farewell.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As bullets fly past you, the thief disappears without a trace.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Phantom Thief
|zhs  = 幻影怪盗
|zht  = 幻影怪盜
|ja   = ファントムシーフ
|ko   = 환영 괴도
|es   = Ladrón fantasma
|fr   = Voleur fantôme
|ru   = Фантомный вор
|th   = จอมโจรมายา
|vi   = Đạo Chích Ảo Ảnh
|de   = Phantomdieb
|id   = Phantom Thief
|pt   = Ladrão Fantasma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}