<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Relative Tracer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Nihility*7
|path2    = Remembrance*5
|effect   = When an enemy target is afflicted with "{{Trait|Suspicion}}," Freeze, or DoT states, there is a {{Color|h|150%}} base chance of Blasting the state to adjacent targets. When there are no adjacent targets, the state is Blasted to the original target. Each state can only be Blasted by the same target once in a single action. When one enemy target has Blasted a total of {{Color|h|20}} time(s) or is defeated, deals Ice DMG equal to {{Color|h|1,200%}} {{Trait|base DMG}} to that target and adjacent targets, with a {{Color|h|60%}} base chance to inflict Frozen that lasts for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Relative Tracer''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|What a magnificent aphorism &mdash; the concept of "relative cognition" lost to history. You became a devout disciple of this bygone school of thought when you clutched that straw as your ego fell. You know that so-called reality is merely an island formed amidst chaotic cognitive fluid, and that the world will shift according to your imagination as long as your beliefs are transformed.<br /><br />You are no longer swayed by fancy words, choosing instead to heed the maxims that explain everything. You map your world onto a canvas devoid of abstract concepts, of gravitational forces that rend the heavens, and of absolute truths. Instead, there are only malleable cognition and the void. When you open your eyes, the world comes into being. When you close them, the world vanishes.<br /><br />They scoff at your sophistry and deem you mad, so you no longer listen to their voices and kill them within your world.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The adults say that the world is going to be destroyed, and that the endless glaciers will crash into the continent, obliterating the surface under the pull of gravity. Then, the frozen seal of the Pre-Battle Caregiver will plunge all life into eternal silence.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But you firmly believe that this is no more than the fake and misleading words of man. You feel an intense cold and begin to shiver, but this is just another illusion, a trap trying to enforce these ideas in your mind.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You close your eyes and attempt to picture the real world in your mind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There is no cold.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There is no death.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There is no war.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' A world of warmth, where the entire universe is sealed inside a bottle. There is no such thing as other planets or aliens. They are all sensational stories made up to trick children.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' All of those diplomats that swear that they have seen aliens before? They are simply naming things they have seen as "aliens." For example: A vacuum cleaner known as an alien. Another example of relative cognition at work.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You hear the sound of a tall building collapsing and find yourself plummeting to the earth below, but you are not scared. You can just give it another interpretation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have become a leaf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have shrunk to the size of an ant.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am having a nightmare.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' If you close your eyes, all pain is no more than an illusion. You continue to picture your world, the real world in which everyone can live happily ever after.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The screams you hear out the window are simply the calls of birds celebrating a lavish wedding ceremony. A freezing liquid drips onto your leg as you feel a shock.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do not open your eyes!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The moment you open your eyes, you will be taken in by the deceit of the false reality. You curl into a ball and find yourself pulled deep into the depths of the void, into your own personal, sealed-off, and perfect snow globe.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Relative Tracer
|zhs  = 相对描摹者
|zht  = 相對描摹者
|ja   = {{Rubi|相対|そうたい}}トレーサー
|ko   = 상대 묘사자
|es   = Rastreador relativo
|fr   = Réplicateur relatif
|ru   = Относительный копировальщик
|th   = ผู้ติดตามสัมพัทธนิยม
|vi   = Người Mô Phỏng Tương Đối
|de   = Relativer Nachzeichner
|id   = Relative Tracer
|pt   = Traçador Relativo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}