<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Self-Proof Institute#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Nihility*8
|path2    = Erudition*4
|effect   = After {{Trait|Suspicion}} reaches {{Color|h|99}} stacks, it will be consumed and turned into 1 stack of Self-Negation: Increases DoT dealt by attackers to this unit by {{Color|h|70%}}. Each stack additionally increases DoT dealt by {{Color|h|10%}}, stacking up to {{Color|h|50}} time(s). At the start of an enemy's turn, they take Lightning DoT equal to {{Color|h|135%}} of {{Trait|base DMG}} and cause adjacent targets to take Lightning DoT equal to {{Color|h|20%}} of the original DMG multiplier. At {{Color|h|2}} or more stacks: At the start of the turn, regenerates {{Color|h|20%}} of {{Trait|Brain in a Vat}} for a random character. At {{Color|h|3}} or more stacks: At the start of the turn, regenerates {{Color|h|10%}} of {{Trait|Brain in a Vat}} for all allies.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Self-Proof Institute''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The mercilessness of the universe is in the annihilation of the soul. When people reach the end, they walk towards that void &mdash; there is no future, no new life. They bring nothing with them, as if they've come to this world from the future. This is why death is oh-so horrifying. But even so, people can still leave something behind, a symbol of the fight against nihility, and as proof that certain names once existed.<br /><br />You have answered riddles that stumped the world, etching your name using formulae and history. You have treated plagues that ravaged stars, where white crystalline statues erected in your honor will far outlive you. Time is too short, thus your mind and hands never stop for a moment, proposing axioms and creating machines. The people worship your relentless diligence, but never sense your fear.<br /><br />Faster, even faster, creating even more, leaving behind even more, until you'll never be forgotten.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' In the gravel deserts of the planet Tarryan, hot gusts blow through the sands as you drag your ever-aging body slowly through this desolate wasteland. Many Amber Eras ago, lush wetlands and grasses enveloped the areas here &mdash; but they regressed to nihility before you could.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The flowers are lucky &mdash; they can never fear, let alone grow attached to the value of existence. Intelligent life has the power to open its own eyes, and so it must face down that ever-approaching finality.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' What does one have to create in order to leave behind traces of our existence?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Create stars.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Create destruction.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Create civilization.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But can this really reach eternity? You ask yourself this question over and over again. Even if you devote your whole life's wisdom to it, there's still no way of fishing up an answer from the ocean of knowledge.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You kneel down upon the wasteland, letting the gravel dig into your knee and draw blood. The blinding winds dry up your pouring tears, as though laughing at your foolishness or comforting your sorrows.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' What's the point of going all out just to prove yourself? You keep trying to leave behind traces of your existence, but gradually end up just losing yourself.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm feeling so very tired.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Lying down ever so gently on the ground, you feel the boiling rocks hurting your skin. It has been such a long time since you have felt so clearly that you are still alive. If you die, you die &mdash; the only thing that can replace life is life itself.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The occasional flowers grow out from among the gravel. They lie dormant beneath the hot sun and sprout shoots once the rain falls. Looking at these little flowers, you finally discover the gift that you want to leave behind for the mortal world.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can it really be forever?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can it remember me?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Maybe not. You sow your final seed of invention. May they bloom among the desert gravel until flowers cover the entire wilderness. May they continue to proudly face the nihilistic future long after you're gone.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Self-Proof Institute
|zhs  = 自证学社
|zht  = 自證學社
|ja   = {{Rubi|自己実現|じこじつげん}}サークル
|ko   = 자기 증명 학회
|es   = Sociedad Autodidacta
|fr   = Institut d'autodétermination
|ru   = Учреждение самоопределения
|th   = สถาบันพิสูจน์ตน
|vi   = Hội Tự Chứng Nhận
|de   = Institut für Selbstzertifikation
|id   = Self-Proof Institute
|pt   = Instituto de Auto-Provas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}