<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Silent Hunter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Remembrance*7
|path2    = The Hunt*5
|effect   = When enemy targets enter battle, there is a {{Color|h|100%}} base chance for them to be inflicted with {{Trait|Dissociation}} that lasts for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). Enemies in {{Trait|Dissociation}} will resist all DMG, and all CRIT DMG and Break DMG taken are tallied. When the effect is dispelled, additionally deals a set amount of CRIT DMG equal to {{Color|h|150%}} of the tallied value to all enemies. When the tallied value reaches {{Color|h|50%}} of the target's Max HP, {{Trait|Dissociation}} will immediately be dispelled.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Silent Hunter''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|For the royals and nobles of court, as well as the luminaries with their masteries, their deeds are known throughout the universe, to all who hear their tales. But to you, this is the most banal story of them all. How would youngsters aboard subspace warp jump ships even imagine that in the gloomy underground, there are mine-digging Tellarians who have never even linked up with the Interastral Peace Network before? Those ostentatious merchants sipping on fine wine at Pier Point, they could never hear the lamentations of the Hyper-distant Delivery porters.<br /><br />Their voices are too meek, like the snow in early winter, never fully formed before they melt. You will howl in the stead of those muted throats, to let the universe hear the voices of the dust. You will infiltrate the pitch-black nocturne, to tell the people not to go quietly in the night. You are recording the joys in the dirt treated with spite by others, recording the tragedies and evils on the battlefields of dictators and butchers.<br /><br />If all of humanity has lost its voice, then you will become their final tongue.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You are falling. Gravity tears at your body as you grit your teeth, waiting for the landing capsule's indicator to decrease. Camouflaging yourself as a harmless asteroid is the only way to bustle through the Khorgahar Imperial Army's blockade.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Tightening your suspenders, only seven tubes of life-support tincture and an anti-jamming device can be squashed into the extremely crammed suitcase.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Eject away.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Apparently, success rates for ejected landings are only about 8.2%, which is far lower than traditional landings like spaceship soft landings, parachutes, or hang-gliders... that is, so long as there's no laser grid combing the night sky.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' The Imperial Army claim that a horde of bloodthirsty devils lurk in the southern mountain ranges of Khorgahar. They are beastly to behold, boasting dozens of limbs and heads, and can obliterate towns with their consumption bombs.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But your intuition informs you otherwise, as one of them fails to make a sound &mdash; and you don't want to believe a tyrant. So, you intend to try and take a gamble, wanting to meet those monsters and to record an act of violence with your own life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Violence from the demons.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Violence from the Empire.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' As you move at a high speed, your eyes discern that the trail of smoke in the distance is drawing nearer &mdash; as if warfare were steaming towards you, rather than you speeding towards it. It drifts along the bright exterior wall of the imperial city and permeates into the scorched earth.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You see someone waving to you, a future friend. They look a little rough around the edges, exhausted, but still smiling.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This may just be my destiny.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is exactly what I'm looking for.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Ignoring the mud that splashed all over you as you landed, you hurry towards them to take a photo. No matter if you survive the war or not, the truth will be recorded so that it can be circulated one day.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Silent Hunter
|zhs  = 沉默猎手
|zht  = 沉默獵手
|ja   = {{Rubi|沈黙|ちんもく}}の{{Rubi|狩人|かりゅうど}}
|ko   = 침묵하는 사냥꾼
|es   = Cazador taciturno
|fr   = Chasseur silencieux
|ru   = Молчаливый охотник
|th   = นักล่าผู้เงียบงัน
|vi   = Thợ Săn Trầm Tư
|de   = Schweigsamer Jäger
|id   = Silent Hunter
|pt   = Caçador Silencioso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}