<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Star-Molding Worm#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Propagation*8
|path2    = Preservation*4
|effect   = Basic ATK and Skill DMG taken by enemy targets increase by {{Color|h|100%}}. "Hivespawn" appears on the Action Order: when ally targets gain or consume Skill Points, "Hivespawn" gains 1 Hits Per Action for the next attack. At the start of the turn, "Hivespawn" deals Wind DMG equal to {{Color|h|500%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}} to one random enemy for each Hit Per Action, and grants a Shield equal to {{Color|h|3%}} of respective Max HP for all allies. "Hivespawn"'s Hits Per Action will not be less than {{Color|h|10}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Star-Molding Worm''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|A new cycle of planetary spin and a shift in the magnetic field beckon you to open your eyes. You gather your saliva and meticulously bind together a barrier at the edge of your nest. Translucent gelatin congeals into mush in the vacuum as you extend your cilia, kneading the clumps, and shaping them into pathways and barriers, waiting for them to solidify into unbreakable crystals.<br /><br />The newborn descendants rest in the fortress, nibbling on the aging crystals, their molten juices resembling honey. Adult scions traverse the pipes, shredding the carcasses of hunted lepismae into chunks that become your family's sustenance. You observe grotesque beings constructing dwellings on your nest, yet, alas, they are absent from your natural diet.<br /><br />The light of stars cascades onto the surface of the nest, and the gravitational position stabilizes. You close your eyes gently, waiting to enter the next time when you awake, ready to forge your next asteroid.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Another sidereal day. A microscopic life form from another land paints colors on your skin. "Triumphant return," it is a pattern unique to their culture. Their movements seem to communicate information on excitement, feeding, and hunting.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' They do not share in the prey that you bring in with your offspring. To the contrary, you are pleased to see that they are attracting more insects to your location. This act of "taking pleasure" is the most intellectual attitude function you have developed during evolution.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Continue feeding.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wriggle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stay completely still.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' They construct an outer shell for your nest to protect it from natural predators. Sharp horns protrude from the carapace, occasionally emitting heat and flames. They live inside these horns.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Occasionally, you will offer excess saliva to them to help fortify the horns. This way, your offspring will have a warmer nest to live in.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For the prosperity of the next generation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For greater survival.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Although they are constantly doing things that you cannot understand, your brain proteins were not designed to handle problems such as these. They leave footprints on every celestial body you create, and these footprints will bring greater offspring... But this is also a question that you cannot handle.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You wish to create a home for your children, to allow the blood of your species to continue on. You often hear them calling out slogans like: "Coexistence and co-survival."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't disagree.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I like this life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have no mental capacity to question this.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Your limp body sinks into the nest, flowing down through tunnels. The transparent outer shells crafted by alien creatures have fortified the passages as they stand by, admiring your sinking form. All you long for is a good sleep.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Star-Molding Worm
|zhs  = 抟星蠕虫
|zht  = 摶星蠕蟲
|ja   = ステリウムワーム
|ko   = 별을 빚는 연충
|es   = Gusano formaestrellas
|fr   = Ver stellaire
|ru   = Червь свернувшихся звёзд
|th   = แมลงดารา
|vi   = Giun Sao Xoắn
|de   = Sternwickler-Wurm
|id   = Star-Molding Worm
|pt   = Verme Distorcestrelas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}