<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Useless Scholar#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Erudition*7
|path2    = Elation*5
|effect   = After the team uses a total of {{Color|h|6}} Ultimate(s) while not under the Overclock effect, gains Overclock: After attacking with an Ultimate, deals {{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|60000003}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|100%}} of the attacker's ATK {{Color|h|3}} time(s). After using an Ultimate, this status will end. The first character in the team lineup activates their Ultimate, Charges {{Extra Effect|Brain in a Vat|61000044}} to {{Color|h|200%}}, and uses Ultimate {{Color|h|3}} times before the status ends on them.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Useless Scholar''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|People are far too obsessed with the allure of knowledge, using it to erect towering walls and fences, locking themselves away in such absurd prisons. They place wisdom, wealth, and power onto scales of value, attempting to measure the universe's truth with humanity's standards, like a comical farce.<br /><br />You craft pencils that weave tales, capable of telling a grand tale of heroes defeating doomsday beasts with just a few of them. You forge cleaning machines that can dance, but just when their graceful waltz takes off, the floor is strewn with dust yet again.<br /><br />They are angry, spouting that this is the worst invention, and that knowledge should usher in prosperity and the future. But you know that knowledge is nothing more than clay in the hands of children &mdash; no matter how grotesque or pretty they knead it, as long as it puts a smile on people's faces, all effortful endeavors will reap their just rewards.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Visitors stare agog as they see a group of fish swimming through the air, upon which you are mounted. These flying crafts with their micro-engines lack any load capacity, and just one person's weight would require dozens of craft to bear.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Someone once wanted to change them into spy drones, but it's frankly impossible to ignore a goldfish slowly waggling its tail through the air.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Not only were they surprised, but the guests gradually came to realize that the rumors regarding you were most likely true. One young scholar boldly inquired about the reasoning behind your research. Oh, what a fantastic question.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Because it's beautiful.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Because it's cool.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Obviously, this was not the answer that they wanted to hear.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Opening the display cabinet, you find two televisions that can spit at each other. They can only spit onto their screens, meaning the spit never goes into the other's face. This is among your proudest inventions, and it leaves visiting merchants with a look of utter disdain on their faces.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just as I wish.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a great invention, right?
:'''Divergent Universe:''' They'll be gone very soon, and will no longer bother your life. And you can finally, quietly open up another door so that the real visitors can come inside.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Only they can truly appreciate your work, offering heartfelt exclamations about these useless steel creations.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My dearest friends!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My coolest friends!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Despite everyone telling them not to talk to this wacko, the kids can't help but swarm in to this amusement park no matter how many times they've visited before.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' They say you're simply the coolest scientist in the whole world!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Useless Scholar
|zhs  = 无用学者
|zht  = 無用學者
|ja   = {{Rubi|無用|むよう}}の{{Rubi|学者|がくしゃ}}
|ko   = 쓸모없는 학자
|es   = Erudito inútil
|fr   = Érudit inutile
|ru   = Бесполезный учёный
|th   = นักวิชาการที่ไร้ค่า
|vi   = Học Giả Vô Dụng
|de   = Nutzloser Gelehrter
|id   = Useless Scholar
|pt   = Erudito Inútil
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}