<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Voyage Monitor#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 3
|path1    = Destruction*7
|path2    = Preservation*5
|effect   = After a character deals Break DMG, deal a set amount of Additional DMG equal to {{Color|h|100%}} of the original damage after the attack. When a character's {{Trait|Grit}} is higher than {{Color|h|30}} stack(s), they gain a Shield equal to {{Color|h|50%}} of their Max HP, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). Also, deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|1,200%}} {{Trait|base DMG}} and {{Color|h|15}} Toughness-Reduction to all enemies, and consume {{Color|h|20}} stack(s) of {{Trait|Grit}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Voyage Monitor''' was a 3-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The sky is gloomy without light. Dark snowflakes float and fall on the ground, but do not melt. The remnant survivors extract their own memories, importing them all into a scalding hot component. And thus you open your eyes, your mind echoing with your sole duty.<br /><br />You ignite the fusion furnace, carrying the remaining genomes with you and hurtling away from the mother star &mdash; she is too far gone from the taint of desire, never able to give life to her terra again. The children are hatched within you. Within the incubator, and as the guardian of a new generation, you have the right to protect them from any harm, till the day the voyage ends.<br /><br />The journey is long, and there are too many threats that the children will face: Meteors on a course of collision, aliens of sinister intent, and many more. A moment's failure to pay caution would mean the end of those fragile lives in the chamber. But you will safeguard them, with your complete arsenal at your disposal.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Extrapolation Rewind==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Guardian records show that in the 9008th standard year of the voyage, a total of 320 medium- and large-scale meteorites were destroyed. 11 dangerous spaceship were eliminated, three of which launched damaging counterattacks on the voyager ark. All damages have been repaired by scrapping enemy vessels.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Destroying any obstacles in your path, you archive the previous year's exploits. Despite sustaining many an injury, the safety of the kids far outweighs anything else. 8000 standard years ago, some unpleasant things happened to you. These cocky kids never listen to your own experiences as their "elder" and just want to wander off out there into the dangerous world.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' However, that's all in the past.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They all listened.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're all good kids.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Compared to finding a planet to colonize, living aboard a long-distance voyage ark with a fully efficient material recycling system is undoubtedly a better prospect. This place is safe and comfortable. Before the home planet destroyed itself, everyone would call such a place paradise.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Another alien creation has found you &mdash; but it seems a little different this time. There're too many of them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fire!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Be gone!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' Energy attacks detonate next to both parties and, for the first time ever, you feel a sense of powerlessness. The heat rips through your outer surface as metal melts under the barrage. Curse them! You are going to make all of them vanish right here!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' But things don't work out as anticipated. The fleet that intersected you here seems to have weapons hot and ready. Their shells punch through your thought unit, and the impact from their missiles cuts you straight in half.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't touch my children!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kids, run!
:'''Divergent Universe:''' In that last fleeting second of consciousness, you see some desiccated bodies floating through the darkness. They are roaring.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Voyage Monitor
|zhs  = 远航监护员
|zht  = 遠航監護員
|ja   = {{Rubi|遠洋航海監督者|えんようこうかいかんとくしゃ}}
|ko   = 원항의 파수꾼
|es   = Monitoreo a larga distancia
|fr   = Garde de la navigation
|ru   = Корабельный надзиратель
|th   = ผู้ควบคุมการเดินทาง
|vi   = Người Giám Sát Viễn Hành
|de   = Reisewächter
|id   = Voyage Monitor
|pt   = Velejador Guardião
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}