<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Last Stand of a Lone Wolf#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2022302
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Last Stand of a Lone Wolf.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Finest Duel Under the Pristine Blue (II)
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Mok Tok; Moze; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Post-Battle Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Post-Battle Aurum Alley
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Stellar Jade*30; Traveler's Guide*4; Credit*40,000
}}
'''''Last Stand of a Lone Wolf''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[Finest Duel Under the Pristine Blue (II)]].

==Steps==
# Witness the Merlin's Claw's attack
# Assess the situation on the battlefield and search for survivors
# Defeat Mok Tok

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Witness the Merlin's Claw's attack{{subst:void|<!--202230201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Post-Battle Aurum Alley|Atop the Palace of Astrum, the Merlin's Claw brings the battle to an end with a single attack. Meanwhile, Moze and you emerge from the battle's aftermath in Aurum Alley and begin the search for survivors... as well as for news about Jiaoqiu's whereabouts.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 111.ogg}} '''Moze:''' Every time she hits the battlefield she makes a mess like this.
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 112.ogg}} '''Moze:''' She didn't even leave a single survivor to get intel from. One of these men must have known about Hoolay and Jiaoqiu's whereabouts.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened just now?
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 113.ogg}} '''Moze:''' That was one of Feixiao's "arrows." Who knows what she used as an arrow to fire all the way over here.
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 114.ogg}} '''Moze:''' If she hadn't given us a heads-up, we'd have all been wiped out with these little runts.
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 115.ogg}} '''Moze:''' Next time she appears in battle, make sure you keep your distance. You don't want to return to the Express in pieces, I'm sure?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That general of yours is way out of line!
:::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 116.ogg}} '''Moze:''' She... She's just very passionate. She sees every place as a battlefield where she can unleash hell.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Has that general of yours always been like this?
:::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 117.ogg}} '''Moze:''' I wouldn't say "always"... But "often" would be fair. As soon as the heat of battle gets to her, she sees every place as a battlefield where she can unleash hell.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to see her fire another arrow with my own eyes...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is Jiaoqiu still alive...?
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 118.ogg}} '''Moze:''' ...He has to be.
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 119.ogg}} '''Moze:''' A retainer like myself is nothing more than an insignificant shadow who stands by the general's side. But Jiaoqiu is different. Without his careful treatment, the general wouldn't even be here today.
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 120.ogg}} '''Moze:''' Hopefully, he can use that silver tongue of his to buy himself enough time...
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 121 f.ogg}} '''Moze:''' (Trailblazer), take a good look around. If you can find one or two borisin that aren't dead yet, let me know.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assess the situation on the battlefield and search for survivors{{subst:void|<!--202230202-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 modu 101.ogg}} '''Mok Tok:''' ...What a terrifying attack.
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 modu 102.ogg}} '''Mok Tok:''' Who could have imagined... that such astonishing strength would lie in the hands of a foxian war slave...
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 modu 103.ogg}} '''Mok Tok:''' So decisive, so... brutal. She is more like a descendant of Duran than we who have fallen to our current state. No wonder the Warhead has his eyes on her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's...
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 123.ogg}} '''Moze:''' The sneak that infiltrated The Shackling Prison. Mok Tok... You are harder to kill than a cockroach.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The fact that you still draw breath after an attack like that...
::{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 124.ogg}} '''Moze:''' I remember you, Mok Tok... You are harder to kill than a cockroach.
:{{A|VO chapter2 13 moze 125.ogg}} '''Moze:''' But, the fact that you have willingly shown yourself saves us some time.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat Mok Tok{{subst:void|<!--202230203-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Last Stand of a Lone Wolf
|zhs  = 解裂残躯，独狼负隅
|zht  = 解裂殘軀，獨狼負隅
|ja   = 残骸の裂創、独狼の抵抗
|ko   = 갈기갈기 찢긴 육신, 외로운 늑대의 저항
|es   = El último aliento del lobo
|fr   = Dernières volontés d'un loup solitaire
|ru   = Маски сдёрнуты, старый волк в западне
|th   = หมาป่าผู้เดียวดาย
|vi   = Thân Xác Rách Nát, Con Sói Đơn Độc
|de   = Letztes Gefecht eines einsamen Wolfs
|id   = Pertahanan Terakhir Sang Serigala Tunggal
|pt   = Última Cartada de um Lobo Solitário
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
