<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#History Fictionologists#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 10201-1
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence History Fictionologists.png
|domains_su    = Unknown
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 060
|order_du      = 
}}
'''History Fictionologists''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
|result_1 = Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).

|choice_2 = Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
|result_2 = Enhance 2 random 2-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).

|choice_3 = Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
|result_3 = Enhance 1 random 3-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).

|choice_4 = Leave.
|result_4 = You don't need this.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, you arrive at the opulent library. You look up and see a multitude of star systems. Like cosmic sludge that has been stirred into jelly, they swirl around slowly in the sky.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The ancient staircase in the center of the library spirals up into the sky, with no end to be seen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Why are you here again?" The History Fictionologist scolds you. "What kind of history do you want me to change this time?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 2 random 2-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 1 random 3-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 1 random 1-star Blessing of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = History Fictionologists
|zhs  = 虚构史学家
|zht  = 虛構史學家
|ja   = {{Rubi|虚構歴史学者|きょこうれきしがくしゃ}}
|ko   = 허구 역사학자
|es   = Historiador Espurio
|fr   = Fictionnistes de l'histoire
|ru   = Фикциологи истории
|th   = นักแต่งประวัติศาสตร์
|vi   = Nhà Sử Học Hư Cấu
|de   = Geschichtsfiktionologen
|id   = History Fictionologist
|pt   = Ficciologistas da História
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}