{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, you arrive at the opulent library. You look up and see a multitude of star systems. Like cosmic sludge that has been stirred into jelly, they swirl around slowly in the sky.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The ancient staircase in the center of the library spirals up into the sky, with no end to be seen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Why are you here again?" The History Fictionologist scolds you. "What kind of history do you want me to change this time?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 2 random 2-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 1 random 3-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 1 random 1-star Blessing of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}