{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 108-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Aha;Akivili;Ena;Tayzzyronth;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 108-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You wait in place - until a sudden laughter comes. However, you can't laugh along. Some sparks of joy pop up, and you suspect that they are dancing around you with newly grown limbs... You more or less dread the Aeon's arrival, but it feels familiar to you at the same time. No one else can be as unguarded and unpretentious as them!
:'''Aha:''' "Akivili!" Just like that, [[Aha]] makes a straightforward appearance. "My dear [[Akivili]]! Did you have fun with the die I gave you? Here's my question: How many sides does my die have?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But your die is spherical.
::'''Aha:''' "That's correct! I want to knock [[Tayzzyronth]] out with a ball!"
::'''Aha:''' "Let me give you some rewards. How about we set a trick in motion? Disrupt the economic system of this game, or have me send you to meet the Aeon right away?" Aha starts clapping. "You'd better be careful with your choice, or you might ruin your account... Is it weird for me to do this?"
::'''Aha:''' "Everything I do is to help [[Ena]]!" Aha claps while roaring with laughter. Their ball and poker cards hug each other. "Aha has always been helpful. It's my pleasure to help other Gods..." Then, Aha turns their gaze to you.
::'''Aha:''' "Aren't you gonna join the fun, fake Akivili? Don't you want to listen to my ideas about the Astral Express and Tayzzyronth?" Aha stares at you with a chilling smirk.
::'''Screwllum:''' "Paused: {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}} (Trailblazer) is implicated. We should take precautions. Reason: The Path of Propagation has threatened Trailblaze. Conclusion: Akivili the Trailblaze might be involved."
::'''Herta:''' "It paused just like that? (Trailblazer)... [[Screwllum]] has paused the Simulated Universe for your safety. It's a shame that we have no means to find out whether Aha has blown up Akivili's train at this time." [[Herta]] sounds disappointed. "What about the trick Aha mentioned? We need to check whether the system is affected, Screwy."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are a ball!
::'''Aha:''' "Is that so? It might be... Akivili, you're always more thoughtful than me. I feel like giving you a hug!"
::'''Aha:''' "Let me give you some rewards. How about we set a trick in motion? Disrupt the economic system of this game, or have me send you to meet the Aeon right away?" Aha starts clapping. "You'd better be careful with your choice, or you might ruin your account... Is it weird for me to do this?"
::'''Aha:''' "Everything I do is to help Ena!" Aha claps while roaring with laughter. Their ball and poker cards hug each other. "Aha has always been helpful. It's my pleasure to help other Gods..." Then, Aha turns their gaze to you.
::'''Aha:''' "Aren't you gonna join the fun, fake Akivili? Don't you want to listen to my ideas about the Astral Express and Tayzzyronth?" Aha stares at you with a chilling smirk.
::'''Screwllum:''' "Paused: {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}} (Trailblazer) is implicated. We should take precautions. Reason: The Path of Propagation has threatened Trailblaze. Conclusion: Akivili the Trailblaze might be involved."
::'''Herta:''' "It paused just like that? (Trailblazer)... Screwllum has paused the Simulated Universe for your safety. It's a shame that we have no means to find out whether Aha has blown up Akivili's train at this time." Herta sounds disappointed. "What about the trick Aha mentioned? We need to check whether the system is affected, Screwy."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
