{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Tavern
|image         = Random Event Battle.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Aha
}}
'''Tavern''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You reach an Elway-style tavern with a lively atmosphere.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You order a cocktail concocted with Marian oranges and palm cinnamon. Then, you observe the crowd. Everyone is wearing a mask and has different body sizes. From this, you know it is a tavern where the Masked Fools gather.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome to Tavern World's End." Bragi, the bartender, bows deeply to the patrons and continues, "We only serve customers with a sense of humor."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "In keeping with [[Aha]]'s will, we will have some fun next. Mr. France and his team of bodyguards will be the next to join the arena. His opponent will be Avila. He and his mercenaries are burly and not to be underestimated!"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Who else is coming? Who's up for the 78,201st round?"
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|And you long for stronger guys to show up...|Fight against stronger enemies! If you complete the challenge, obtain a 3-star Blessing of Destruction.}}
:;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Frostspawn*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Ice Out of Space (Bug)*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
:::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Flamespawn*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Blaze Out of Space (Bug)*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Bet on the *name* of a competition winner!|Chance to obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments. There's also a chance to lose 20% of Cosmic Fragments.}}
:;(Outcome 1, 75%)
::;(Obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Outcome 2, 25%)
::;(Lose 20% of currently possessed Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge Mr. France's security team. &mdash; Expose his bankruptcy. If you complete the challenge, obtain 1 Blessing of Remembrance.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Frostspawn*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Ice Out of Space*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge the burly Avila's mercenary company &mdash; Expose him. If you complete the challenge, obtain 1 Blessing of Destruction.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Flamespawn*2/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Blaze Out of Space*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fight both together! &mdash; Enter battle and obtain all rewards.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Ice Out of Space*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%;Blaze Out of Space*1/ATK +%, DEF +%, HP +%, SPD +%, Toughness +%}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tavern
|zhs  = 酒馆
|zht  = 酒館
|ja   = パブ
|ko   = 술집
|es   = Taberna
|fr   = Taverne
|ru   = Таверна
|th   = บาร์
|vi   = Quán Rượu
|de   = Taverne
|id   = Bar
|pt   = Taverna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
