{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Tavern
|image         = Random Event Battle.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Aha
}}
'''Tavern''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You reach an Elway-style tavern with a lively atmosphere.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You order a cocktail concocted with Marian oranges and palm cinnamon. Then, you observe the crowd. Everyone is wearing a mask and has different body sizes. From this, you know it is a tavern where the Masked Fools gather.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome to Tavern World's End." Bragi, the bartender, bows deeply to the patrons and continues, "We only serve customers with a sense of humor."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "In keeping with [[Aha]]'s will, we will have some fun next. Mr. France and his team of bodyguards will be the next to join the arena. His opponent will be Avila. He and his mercenaries are burly and not to be underestimated!"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Who else is coming? Who's up for the 78,201st round?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge Mr. France's security team. &mdash; Expose his bankruptcy. If you complete the challenge, obtain 1 Blessing of Elation.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Automaton Grizzly*1/-25% Max HP}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge the burly Avila's mercenary company &mdash; Expose him. If you complete the challenge, obtain 1 Blessing of The Hunt.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Automaton Hound*2/;Automaton Direwolf*1/-25% Max HP}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fight both together! &mdash; Enter battle and obtain all rewards.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Automaton Direwolf*1/-25% Max HP;Automaton Grizzly*1/-25% Max HP}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tavern
|zhs  = 酒馆
|zht  = 酒館
|ja   = パブ
|ko   = 술집
|es   = Taberna
|fr   = Taverne
|ru   = Таверна
|th   = บาร์
|vi   = Quán Rượu
|de   = Taverne
|id   = Bar
|pt   = Taverna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
