{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Pixel World
|image         = Random Event Pixel.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta
}}
'''Pixel World''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are in a vast grassland and the sky is speckled with clouds. Everything is a "pixel" drawing. You look down at your hands and find them to be pixelated cubes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are wearing a pixel watch on your wrist. With your pixelated thumb, you press down on the watch. With a bang, your clothes change into overalls.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stare at the pixel blocks floating in the air as vintage electronic music plays in the background. A group of pixel ants crawls on the ground in a formation that reads, "Welcome, Mr. Jibaou the radish."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is Mr. Jibaou the radish?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a radish?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The ants quickly form several pixel characters that read, "That's you!" You decide to ignore the ants. On a pixel cloud that drifts in your direction, you see some words written with crayons: "Produced by [[Herta]]."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You realize you've been attacked by the Curio "Dice of Dimensionality Reduction." You are now a part of the graffiti &mdash; casually drawn by Herta with crayons &mdash; on the wall of the Simulated Universe.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You kick a brick in exasperation, and a pixel Gold Coin emerges.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You want to figure out how to get back to the Simulated Universe. You may climb out from the pipe on your left, or hop onto the brick on your right.
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -10 and 10 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Find the "Cheat Room."|Obtain 2 cheat chance(s).}}
:;(Obtain 2 cheat chance(s))
:{{DIcon|Star}} Climb into the pipes to the left. &mdash; Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have eaten a Gold Coin left behind by a Trailblazer. The Gold Coin splits into two, then into four. It constantly divides and proliferates... giving you a surprising windfall.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You proceed and see a pixel question mark on which you hang your hat. Obviously, this is a save point. You can continue the game later.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Jump onto the bricks to the right. &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 20% of their current HP, and obtain two 1-star Blessings.
:;(All allies lose 20% of their current HP)
::;(Obtain a 1-star Blessing)
::;(Obtain a 1-star Blessing)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You run into a brawny man from Wildfire who looks out of place with the artstyle of this world. He strikes a boxing pose and yells "KO!" Unfortunately, you fail to dodge his punch.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You proceed and see a pixel question mark on which you hang your hat. Obviously, this is a save point. You can continue the game later.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 像素世界
|zht   = 像素世界
|ja    = ピクセルワールド
|ko    = 픽셀 월드
|es    = Mundo de píxeles
|fr    = Monde de pixels
|ru    = Пиксельный мир
|th    = โลกพิกเซล
|vi    = Thế Giới Pixel
|de    = Pixelwelt
|id    = Dunia Piksel
|pt    = Mundo Pixelado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
