{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The Double Lottery Experience
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''The Double Lottery Experience''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The lottery distributor from the Interastral Peace Corporation's Fanaticism Department is here!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Have you heard of the Double Lottery Experience?" He whispers into your ear. "I can provide you with... the Double Lottery Experience... as long as you vote for Oswald Schneider in the election."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' He looks at you with anticipation in his eyes.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I'm voting for "Oswald Schneider"! &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s) and buy 1 Big Lotto series ticket. Comes with a free repair for any damaged lotto.
:;(Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Repair 1 Curio of the Big Lotto series)
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio of the Big Lotto series)
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to get the "Double Delight" experience! &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s) and repair all damaged lotto.
:;(Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Repair all Curios of the Big Lotto series)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse. &mdash; You can't find happiness like that!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Double Lottery Experience
|zhs  = 双乐透体验
|zht  = 雙樂透體驗
|ja   = ダブルロッタリー{{Rubi|体験|たいけん}}
|ko   = 더블 로또 체험
|es   = La experiencia de la doble lotería
|fr   = L'expérience de la double loterie
|ru   = Двойная лотерея
|th   = ประสบการณ์ลอตเตอรี่คูณสอง
|vi   = Trải Nghiệm Xổ Số Kép
|de   = Erfahrung der Doppellotterie
|id   = Pengalaman Lotre Ganda
|pt   = A Experiência de Loteria Dupla
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
