{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Ace Trash Digger
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Ace Trash Digger''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A person carrying a trashcan meets you. He crouches down and shows you his treasured trashcan.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This is an incredulous space." He beckons. Then, he tosses out some collections of pitiful love poems from the trashcan to make some space for you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In a hushed voice, he says, "Put your waste in it, and the items will evolve into an advanced awareness, then come running out energetically on their own!"
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Quickly, take it while he's not paying attention!|Discard 1 random Curio and obtain 3 random Curios.}}
:;(Discard 1 random Curio)
:;(Obtain 3 random Normal Curios)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|You recall the past lives of these discarded objects.|Discard 1 random Curio and obtain 2 Curios.}}
:;(Discard 1 random Curio)
:;(Obtain a Normal Curio)
:;(Obtain a Normal Curio)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Toss your trash in! &mdash; Discard 1 Curio and obtain 2 random Curios.
:;(Discard a Curio)
:;(Obtain 2 random Normal Curios)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You are not interested the trashcans.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Ace Trash Digger
|zhs   = 掏垃圾桶大师
|zht   = 掏垃圾桶大師
|ja    = ゴミ{{Rubi|箱|ばこ}}あさりの{{Rubi|達人|たつじん}}
|ko    = 쓰레기통 털기 마스터
|es    = Gran rebuscador de la basura
|fr    = L'as du fouillage de poubelles
|ru    = Первоклассный мусорщик
|th    = ปรมาจารย์การคุ้ยถังขยะ
|vi    = Trùm Lục Thùng Rác
|de    = Meisterhafter Müllsammler
|id    = Ahli Penggali Sampah
|pt    = Catador de Lixo Primoroso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
