{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Broadened Cognition: Associates (II)
|image         = Random Event 409.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Broadened Cognition: Associates (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You watch in horror as a myriad of spices scatter before you, and some spicy scents infiltrate your nostrils. You know the beginning of all this... the terrifying inorganic life, like *war machines* darting through the smoke and dust! Their drill heads can easily penetrate you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Avoid them.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Indeed, the current situation is the result of a series of events: {{Color|Keyword|Prof. Cressitra}} from the Intelligentsia Guild once built a long-distance vessel for Korapao of the Cargo Division to keep Korapao safe during the Borderstar Trade War, only to face betrayal in the Emperor's War by Korapao's {{Color|Keyword|Associate No. 3}}'s hands. Prof. Cressitra firmly believed that Korapao knew and approved of the deed.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Driven by rage and desperation, Prof. Cressitra decided to blow up the long-distance vessel, resulting in the gravest Spice Ordeal incident ever happening on the Planet Temptra at Farnsha's helm. In consequence, Korapao was forced to sever ties with Farnsha's faction and deprive himself of support in the Emperor's War.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Even you could not see this coming &mdash; Korapao later initiated Prof. Cressitra's secret research, something he promised to never do. At that time, the promise made between the two in the past seemed to have faded into oblivion. Korapao then ordered his organic subordinates to have a synthetic Anti-Organic Equation implanted into them...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It was a replication of the Anti-Organic Equation, initially developed for Korapao's benefit. It availed the organic lives to the benefits of the non-organic lives. However, being a synthetic creation, it naturally comes with corresponding costs.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 认知拓宽：「合伙人」•其二
|zht   = 認知拓寬：「合夥人」•其二
|ja    = 認識拡張：「経営パートナー」・その2
|ko    = 인지 확대: 「파트너」•2
|es    = Expansión perceptiva: asociados II
|fr    = Élévation de la conscience : Partenaires (II)
|ru    = Расширение сознания: Партнёр II
|th    = ขยายการรับรู้: "หุ้นส่วน" (2)
|vi    = Mở Rộng Tri Thức: Người Cộng Tác 2
|de    = Kognitive Erweiterung: Geschäftspartner (II)
|id    = Ekspansi Kognitif: "Mitra" (2)
|pt    = Expansão Cognitiva: Sócios (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
