{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part IV
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part IV''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' The diverse ecology of Lepismat has attracted numerous bounty hunters from star systems spanning up to 10,000 light-years away. For a time, the steady stream of hunters coming and going creates a bustling atmosphere as they prepare for their next "job." Their leader, with her unique charisma, quiets the crowd and states that this is all for the compilation of insect charts.
:'''Origin Universe:''' ...Chart compilation! Just as you are about to chuckle at the absurdity, your vision becomes clouded by a sudden haze of smoke. Through the mist, you see the sealed fate of this blonde leader: She and a bounty hunter in a hat raise their guns at each other! Then you suddenly realize that you are the one holding the gun... pointing directly at her!
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|I don't want to shoot.|Obsession exists because of falsehood. Love, however, is both ugly and hurtful.}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Stay alert!|Fire at *your enemies*!}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' Bang! In the roar of the gunshot, you see the sealed fate of the bounty hunter as well: He takes the life of the very woman he loves before setting down his hunting rifle for good. They share a fleeting moment of love before raising their guns, and the sweet moment is lost forever after the fateful gunshot.
:'''Origin Universe:''' Eventually, the hunter flees from the carnage, leaving behind a final, delirious whisper. "For bounty hunters with different paths, their blood is not of the same color." You are well aware that it is a lie, for all you can see is a sanguine pool of blood.
:'''Origin Universe:''' You sniff it... and it does not smell like oranges.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part IV
|zhs  = 其四
|zht  = 其四
|ja   = その4
|ko   = IV
|es   = Parte IV
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;IV
|ru   = IV
|th   = ตอน 4
|vi   = Phần 4
|de   = Teil 4
|id   = Bagian IV
|pt   = Parte IV
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
