{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' You find yourself among a bunch of bounty hunters, your ship steering towards a secret destination. You are becoming increasingly irritated by their rowdy demeanor and vulgar language, all the while hearing them claim that their leader has *prestige comparable to Aha*... Whoever their leader is, they seem to be an arrogant figure who has gained "insight" from nightmarish visions and has insisted on embarking on an insect hunt at the Lepismat Plains.
:'''Origin Universe:''' The leader, a gorgeous woman, is sitting before you in a chair with her back to the light, her blonde curls and armaments visible. "One must control their desires and eliminate any loose ends before the grand feast." With an enchanting smile, she extends an inviting hand to you.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Hold that hand.|This might not be a good choice...}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' Unusual phenomena follow soon after... All the shouting and clamor cease before the hunt begins, and the once boisterous bounty hunter camp falls eerily silent. Upon reaching the settlement, all you can see are insects crawling on the floor of their dwelling. The leader turns to face you... her blonde hair and weapon *shimmering* in the sunlight.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Refuse.|This might be an even worse choice...}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' Stop! You have foreseen the consequences that would follow... Waking up the next day screaming in colorful goo, transformed into an *insect*.
::'''Origin Universe:''' Unusual phenomena follow soon after... All the shouting and clamor cease before the hunt begins, and the once boisterous bounty hunter camp falls eerily silent. Upon reaching the settlement, all you can see are insects crawling on the floor of their dwelling. The leader turns to face you... her blonde hair and weapon *shimmering* in the sunlight.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
