{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' Followed by a bounty hunter's Sin Thirster, you gradually grow annoyed by the presence of this talkative entity...
:'''Ember Universe:''' This Sin Thirster is quite peculiar. It repeatedly uses various languages from outer space to beg you not to look back at it because it is constantly rubbing its hands... Finally, the changing of languages come to a halt, and it pleads with you to wash its hands again.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Wash its hands again.|In return: After wiping away the mist, the phenomenon will reveal its own mystery.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' You reluctantly turn around... only to find nothing behind you.
::'''Ember Universe:''' Still, its words persist... It claims that the chart compilation game has reached a point where the line between humans and insects has become blurred. Visions haunt the hunters and the Swarm alike at night, making it difficult to distinguish friend from foe. Inevitably, hunters started killing each other until the hunter's beloved confessed to using insect-dust witchcraft, urging him to end her life.
::'''Ember Universe:''' ...You wave your hand, dispelling the incessant *words*. Ah, peace and quiet at last.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Chase it away.|It's already the 9087th time, but those hands can never be washed clean.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' You turn back in annoyance... only to find nothing behind you.
::'''Ember Universe:''' Still, its words persist... It claims that the chart compilation game has reached a point where the line between humans and insects has become blurred. Visions haunt the hunters and the Swarm alike at night, making it difficult to distinguish friend from foe. Inevitably, hunters started killing each other until the hunter's beloved confessed to using insect-dust witchcraft, urging him to end her life.
::'''Ember Universe:''' ...You wave your hand, dispelling the incessant *words*. Ah, peace and quiet at last.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part III
|zhs   = 其三
|zht   = 其三
|ja    = その3
|ko    = III
|es    = Parte III
|fr    = Partie III
|ru    = III
|th    = ตอน 3
|vi    = Phần 3
|de    = Teil 3
|id    = Bagian III
|pt    = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
