{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Ka-ching! IPC Banking (Part 1)
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Ka-ching! IPC Banking (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stroll alongside a blue lagoon, pass through a garden full of hoary stocks, and go around a hall of ivory and white stones. You walk up a grand golden staircase... and stop in front of the "IPC Branch Bank" sign.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Every piece of ornament here is posh and dazzling... You walk up to the counter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The more you deposit, the higher the interest rate." The teller has an infectious smile and an elegant demeanor. You believe he is an excellent employee trained by the Talent Motivation Department of the IPC.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Tamper with the bank teller's memory.|Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s).}}
:;(Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Show off your muscles to the teller!|Turn the tables and collect protection money from him instead! Enter battle 1 time and obtain 300 Cosmic Fragment(s) after achieving victory.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*2/;Silvermane Cannoneer*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Deposit 100 Cosmic Fragment(s). &mdash; Upon your next encounter, you can withdraw 200 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Deposit 150 Cosmic Fragment(s). &mdash; Upon your next encounter, you can withdraw 400 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Lose 150 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Deposit 200 Cosmic Fragment(s). &mdash; Upon your next encounter, you can withdraw 600 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Lose 200 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You still like to hide Cosmic Fragments under your pillow.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Ka-ching! IPC Banking (Part 1)
|zhs   = 咔嚓&mdash;&mdash;星际和平银行！（其一）
|zht   = 喀嚓&mdash;&mdash;星際和平銀行！（其一）
|ja    = カチャッ――スターピース{{Rubi|銀行|ぎんこう}}！（1）
|ko    = 찰칵&mdash;&mdash;스타피스 컴퍼니! (1)
|es    = El banco de la Corporación I
|fr    = Cent patates ! CPI Banque (partie 1)
|ru    = Щёлк! Банк Межзвёздного мира I
|th    = ชิ้ง! ธนาคารสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาว! (1)
|vi    = Tách! Ngân Hàng Hành Tinh Hòa Bình 1
|de    = Klingeling! IFK-Bank (Teil 1)
|id    = *Cekring*! Bank IPC (1)
|pt    = Dindin! Serviços Bancários da CPI (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
