<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dolos Dice#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_34.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 136
}}
'''Dolos Dice''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = You lost everything.
|result_1 = You lost everything

|choice_2 = You return with a full load.
|result_2 = Harvest your Cosmic Fragments

|choice_3 = Wanna follow the trend and give it a try?
|result_3 = Insert 200 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_4 = I won't fall for this again.
|result_4 = You have psychological trauma when it comes to lottery-type products

|choice_5 = Spend everything.
|result_5 = Insert all the Cosmic Fragments you own

|choice_6 = Quit while you're ahead.
|result_6 = Retrieve 800 Cosmic Fragment from the account

|choice_7 = No, I still have a chance!
|result_7 = Insert all the Cosmic Fragments you own

|choice_8 = Give up in time.
|result_8 = Retrieve the remaining 200 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_9 = For a better future!
|result_9 = Continue to insert 200 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_10 = Restrain your urge.
|result_10 = Retrieve the remaining 400 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_11 = You just want to leave.
|result_11 = Retrieve the remaining 100 Cosmic Fragments

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stand at the heart of a celebration. The city square of Dolos bustles with excitement as the king prepares to unveil his invention with feigned mystery.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This city once bore witness to two grand deceptions. The first time, even Zagreus, who managed to fool the other gods, was themself deceived. The second, when a shadowless thief brought forth puzzles to the former king. And now, I shall create the third miracle!" The king pulls back the black veil, revealing seven dice in seven colors spinning on its tray.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I shall grant every citizen equal rights! As long as the fee is paid, everyone can participate in this game, which is beyond judgment. Seven dice, seven numbers. The more numbers you accurately guess, the better your rewards."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Chance and infinite possibilities &mdash; this is the king's invention. The citizens surge forth, eager in the notion that they may strike it rich overnight with the toss of a coin.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Wanna follow the trend and give it a try? &mdash; Insert 200 Cosmic Fragments
:{{DIcon|Star}} I won't fall for this again. &mdash; You have psychological trauma when it comes to lottery-type products
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You leave the mad city of Dolos in a frenzied hurry, the relentless sounds of rolling dice echoing behind you.


;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625304)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dice come to a halt, their numbers a far cry from your guess. You ignore the laments of failure &mdash; in this moment, only the jubilant cheers of winners can be heard. Hey, don't you want to try again?
::{{DIcon|Star}} For a better future! &mdash; Continue to insert 200 Cosmic Fragments
::{{DIcon|Star}} You just want to leave. &mdash; Retrieve the remaining 100 Cosmic Fragments
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' This city exudes an eerie, sticky sensation &mdash; once trapped within, you may not be able to escape its clutches.
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625306)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dice come to a halt, their numbers a far cry from your guess. You pat your own pockets &mdash; they have been gradually emptying out, a silent omen of your life's course.
::{{DIcon|Star}} No, I still have a chance! &mdash; Insert all the Cosmic Fragments you own
::{{DIcon|Star}} Give up in time. &mdash; Retrieve the remaining 200 Cosmic Fragments
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You extract yourself from the fervent atmosphere, leaving Dolos as if fleeing from it, the relentless sounds of rolling dice behind you.
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625308)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the dice come to a stop, your final gamble draws to a close.
::{{DIcon|Star}} You lost everything. &mdash; You lost everything
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The crowd isn't sighing at your failure. They are oblivious to your desolation, as their chants urge for the next round of Dolos dice.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625303)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dice stop, and their numbers are identical to your guess. The success of positive reinforcement burgeons within you, gradually drowning out the warnings of risk. How about another roll? The voices of Dolos' onlookers are starting to melt together.
::{{DIcon|Star}} For a better future! &mdash; Continue to insert 200 Cosmic Fragments
::{{DIcon|Star}} Restrain your urge. &mdash; Retrieve the remaining 400 Cosmic Fragments
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Clear your head, friend. Do not stake your future on the possibility of slim odds.
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625305)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dice stop, and their numbers are identical to your guess. Oh, the citizens lift you high, as if this slight chance also represents your status and destiny. How about another round?
::{{DIcon|Star}} Spend everything. &mdash; Insert all the Cosmic Fragments you own
::{{DIcon|Star}} Quit while you're ahead. &mdash; Retrieve 800 Cosmic Fragment from the account
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You hear waves of booing around you. Their contempt for your retreat is palpable, yet envy the opportunity that Zagreus has bequeathed you.
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625307)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the dice come to a stop, your final gamble draws to a close.
::{{DIcon|Star}} You return with a full load. &mdash; Harvest your Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The people's cheers reach you before your own joy does. They laud your great fortune, as if it were your very own virtue.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dolos Dice
|zhs  = 多洛斯骰子
|zht  = 多洛斯骰子
|ja   = ドロスサイコロ
|ko   = 도로스 주사위
|es   = Dado de Doros
|fr   = Dés de Dolos
|ru   = Кость из Долоса
|th   = ลูกเต๋า Dolos
|vi   = Xúc Xắc Dolos
|de   = Doros Würfel
|id   = Dadu Doros
|pt   = Dado de Dolos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}