{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Supreme Inorganic: Sanguine Condolences (III)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 12.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Supreme Inorganic: Sanguine Condolences (III)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In an aircraft of the Machine Empire, you ponder about your upcoming task &mdash; waging a war against the organic lives. It is your mission.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Indeed, the Borderstar Trade War of the organic lives is far from over, and more and more factions are embroiled in the conflict. As representatives of the most intelligent being, the Intellitrons are, of course, involved. You make *predictions* on how this war will pan out, but you are unaware that the war is much more intense than you predict.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It is said that anti-war proposals were submitted to the IPC before all hell broke loose. Yet, the silence of the board of directors provided the answer: When countless individual units are acting according to their own principles, no human will, even the top guns of the IPC, can turn the tide.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The political power behind the famous #4 Polka Kakamond was only revealed at the end of the Anti-Organic War. {{Color|Keyword|Dongfang Qixing}} kept everything in control through {{Color|Keyword|omens}}. None that happened can escape his grasp.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened after the war ended?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The war was meaningless as nothing was left.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Supreme Inorganic: Sanguine Condolences (III)
|zhs  = 极致无机：「血色吊唁」•其三
|zht  = 極致無機：「血色弔唁」•其三
|ja   = {{Rubi|無機|むき}}の{{Rubi|極致|きょくち}}：「{{Rubi|血色|ちいろ}}の{{Rubi|弔|とむら}}い」・その3
|ko   = 궁극의 무기: 「핏빛 조의」•3
|es   = Inorgánico supremo: condolencias rojizas III
|fr   = Suprématie inorganique&nbsp;: Condoléances écarlates (III)
|ru   = Высший неорганик: Багровые соболезнования III
|th   = อินทรีย์ขั้นสุด: "การไว้อาลัยสีโลหิต" (3)
|vi   = Vô Cơ Tối Cao: Lời Chia Buồn Đẫm Máu 3
|de   = Anorganische Höchststufe: Blutrotes Beileid (III)
|id   = Non-organik Maksimal: "Penghormatan Merah Darah" (3)
|pt   = Inorgânico Supremo: Condolências Sanguíneas (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
