<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Temple of Reticence#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24501
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_27.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 123
}}
'''Temple of Reticence''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Offer fury to the deceased king
|result_1 = Immediately destroy 1 destructible Curio(s) and open the door

|choice_2 = Leave this gloomy place
|result_2 = Leave and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_3 = Leave with the Wrath King's treasure
|result_3 = Obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_4 = Leave with the Wrath King's memories
|result_4 = Obtain 2 destructible Curio(s)

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself in a dilapidated royal city. Here, steel thorns wind around the sacred temple, while swarms of nanomachines depleted of their power source lie dormant, merely reflecting the radiant glow of the two suns.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You head toward the sacred temple. The colossal door is engraved with a portrait of the Wrath King, the sovereign of Planet Behrenger. Deceived by the Masked Fools, the Wrath King issued a decree that silenced all laughter within his kingdom.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The door has been blasted open by the Armed Archaeologists' explosives, but even in the wake of the King's demise, the entropy-limiting device within the Temple of Reticence persists in perpetual operation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Whoever has an audience with the King shall offer their wrath." You set your eyes on the inscription, grasping the significance it conveys.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Offer fury to the deceased king &mdash; Immediately destroy 1 destructible Curio(s) and open the door
::'''Simulated Universe:''' As the urge for destruction and wrath surge within your heart, you shatter the Curio in your hand. A faint tremor courses through the ground, and in the blink of an eye, the steel gate swings open before you.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Leave with the Wrath King's treasure &mdash; Obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Laughter is forbidden here." Waves of chanting reach your ears, prayers that send a shiver down your spine.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Leave with the Wrath King's memories &mdash; Obtain 2 destructible Curio(s)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Laughter is forbidden here." You defiantly burst into laughter, yet the sound dissipates into nothingness the moment it escapes your lips.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave this gloomy place &mdash; Leave and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It would be troublesome if an ancient interstellar zombie were to be unleashed in such an eerie place.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Temple of Reticence
|zhs  = 缄默之殿
|zht  = 緘默之殿
|ja   = {{Rubi|沈黙|ちんもく}}の{{Rubi|神殿|しんでん}}
|ko   = 침묵의 궁전
|es   = Templo del Silencio
|fr   = Temple de la réticence
|ru   = Храм молчания
|th   = วิหารสุดเงียบงัน
|vi   = Ngôi Đền Lặng Im
|de   = Tempel des Schweigens
|id   = Kuil Keheningan
|pt   = Templo da Reticência
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}