{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Supreme Inorganic: God's Three Revelations (III)
|image         = Random Event 407.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Supreme Inorganic: God's Three Revelations (III)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' There is a large coffin in front of you. A Masked Fool is leaning its back on it while giving a speech. The Fool introduces himself as Andatur Zazzalo, and the person lying inside the coffin bears the same name.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Soon, you realize Andatur Zazzalo will perish in this war. The one with whom you have crossed paths several times, but never gave much attention to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I can save it... Let me think of a way.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Is he your companion? You contemplate who can counter the calculation of the Erudition... It can be the Enigmata or the Remembrance, but nothing is guaranteed.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' In your journey ahead, there will be numerous Masked Fools who claim to be Andatur Zazzalo. They just want to cheer you up, but you'll only be left feeling melancholic.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "There is one who will die for you and one to whom you will perish." A strange thought creeps into your mind out of nowhere.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I can't save it.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Is he your companion? You contemplate who can counter the calculation of the Erudition... It can be the Enigmata or the Remembrance, but you can't be sure.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' In your journey ahead, there will be numerous Masked Fools who claim to be Andatur Zazzalo. They just want to cheer you up, but you'll only be left feeling melancholic.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "There is one who will die for you and one to whom you will perish." A strange thought creeps into your mind out of nowhere.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 极致无机：「神的三个启示」•其三
|zht   = 極致無機：「神的三個啟示」•其三
|ja    = 無機の極致：「神の三つの啓示」・その3
|ko    = 궁극의 무기: 「신의 세 가지 계시」•3
|es    = Inorgánico supremo: tres revelaciones divinas III
|fr    = Suprématie inorganique : Trois révélations (III)
|ru    = Высший неорганик: Три божественных откровения III
|th    = อินทรีย์ขั้นสุด: "คำใบ้ทั้งสามจากเทพเจ้า" (3)
|vi    = Vô Cơ Tối Cao: 3 Gợi Ý Của Aeon 3
|de    = Anorganische Höchststufe: Drei göttliche Offenbarungen (III)
|id    = Non-organik Maksimal: "Tiga Petunjuk Dewa" (3)
|pt    = Inorgânico Supremo: As Três Revelações de Deus (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
