<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Selection Difficulties (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 23101
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Twins.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 113
}}
'''Selection Difficulties (I)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Xianzhou collab set meal.
|result_1 = Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.

|choice_2 = Terrorbird-fruit stew.
|result_2 = Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.

|choice_3 = The big data will provide the answers.
|result_3 = Next time, you'll receive more accurate menu recommendations.

|choice_4 = Awesome, big W.
|result_4 = Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter a hotel on the Alda Star System on the brink of death. You have no idea why, but it seems that all of the residents here seem extremely slow and absent-minded with everything they do.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The long and drawn-out docking registration process has destroyed your patience and the alien bacteria extermination process has sent you into a long, 20-hour period of fasting.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You open up a food ordering app with great expectation, but the vile beast of decision paralysis immediately grips your mind as your eyes are dazzled with endless menu options, causing your already exhausted mind to descend into blankness.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You immediately realize that you have encountered the second most challenging philosophical conundrum in the universe &mdash; What to eat?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Xianzhou collab set meal. &mdash; Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' When in doubt, order whatever looks the most familiar.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Terrorbird-fruit stew. &mdash; Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You decided to throw yourself to the wolves and order the strangest thing on the menu.
:{{DIcon|Star}} The big data will provide the answers. &mdash; Next time, you'll receive more accurate menu recommendations.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The app selects a dozen recommendations for you based on your cultural background and your biological characteristics. Yet you scroll through them all, still unable to reach a conclusion. As it keeps refreshing its recommendations for you, you can't help but think they're either too oily or too bland, or...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It finally asks you: "Is there anything you really want to eat? Just tell me, anything."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I am a useless, trash app. Please consult another app that may be of assistance to you." It recommends another ordering app to you and sends you some money for food.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Awesome, big W. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The growls of your stomach grow louder.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Selection Difficulties (I)
|zhs  = 选择困难（其一）
|zht  = 選擇困難（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|選択困難|せんたくこんなん}}（その1）
|ko   = 선택 곤란 (1)
|es   = Dificultad de elección (I)
|fr   = Difficultés à choisir (I)
|ru   = Трудности выбора I
|th   = การเลือกที่ยากเย็น (I)
|vi   = Khó Lựa Chọn (I)
|de   = Die Qual der Wahl (Teil 1)
|id   = Kesulitan Memilih (1)
|pt   = Dificuldades de Seleção (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}