<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ternary War#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 21301
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Ternary.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Ternary War''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Fix the assimilation unit.
|result_1 = Enter battle, and repairing 15 Ternary Assimilation Unit within 2 turn(s) will grant 3 random blessing(s) of the same path.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are sitting on the oil-stained steam deck, and the deranged layers of all the masts stacked before you leave you feeling slightly dizzy. The captain of the Riviera is standing beside you, and his voice is the only thing approximating something human out of all this hot mess.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Conquest of the Tupah Kingdom is about to commence, and the spattering waves grow bizarre within seconds. The binary ocean's interference makes the Riviera somewhat bumpy, but cannot stop the great Trinary Legion from assimilating it.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hey, new mechanic &mdash; something's broken in the control room. Go fix it, fast!" You look around, just to be sure that this "mechanic" he's talking about is in fact you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Walking to the end of the control room, you find three severely broken assimilation units all bricked together. You hook up your brain to another plane and complete complex trinary extrapolations.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fix the assimilation unit. &mdash; Enter battle, and repairing 15 Ternary Assimilation Unit within 2 turn(s) will grant 3 random blessing(s) of the same path.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ternary War
|zhs  = 三进制战争
|zht  = 三進位戰爭
|ja   = {{Rubi|三進法|さんしんほう}}の{{Rubi|戦争|せんそう}}
|ko   = 삼진법 전쟁
|es   = Guerras ternarias
|fr   = Guerre trilatérale
|ru   = Троичная война
|th   = สงครามฐานสาม
|vi   = Chiến Tranh Tam Phân
|de   = Trinärer Krieg
|id   = Perang Ternary
|pt   = Guerra Ternária
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}