{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Broadened Cognition: Bad Thought (II)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 7.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Broadened Cognition: Bad Thought (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Many years following #27 Rubert's death, a human &mdash; an organic life &mdash; visited his grave.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' By the time he left, he had solved the Anti-Organic Equation, or the equation had chosen him. His hands touched nothing, and he mentioned nothing about the answer. However, death was an inevitability when the equation was activated.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is a story taking place in the distant future written by a History Fictionologist: The person derived the answer from the equation 5368 times, and every attempt of his succeeded. Yet, no one believed he had solved the Anti-Organic Equation at that time, and he had never activated it. When he returned, he remained just as poor as before.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' From that moment on, he would always have uncontrollable and increasingly intense bad thoughts in his mind.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Not only did the bad thoughts exist in his mind, they also occurred in his limbs and torso. Interestingly, the latter was more frequent than the former.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Read the bad thoughts.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Suddenly, it occurred to him that all organic lives were artificial machines made for deceptive purposes. Meanwhile, he was the only being with free will.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I must kill all these pathetic organic lives," he declares morosely.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Broadened Cognition: Bad Thought (II)
|zhs  = 认知拓宽：「不好念头」•其二
|zht  = 認知拓寬：「不好念頭」•其二
|ja   = {{Rubi|認識拡張|にんしきかくちょう}}：「よからぬ{{Rubi|考|かんが}}え」・その2
|ko   = 인지 확대: 「나쁜 생각」•2
|es   = Expansión perceptiva: malos pensamientos II
|fr   = Élévation de la conscience : Mauvaises pensées (II)
|ru   = Расширение сознания: Дурная мысль II
|th   = ขยายการรับรู้: "ความคิดไม่ดีไม่งาม" (2)
|vi   = Mở Rộng Tri Thức: Suy Nghĩ Tồi Tệ 2
|de   = Kognitive Erweiterung: Schlechter Gedanke (II)
|id   = Ekspansi Kognitif: "Pikiran Buruk" (2)
|pt   = Expansão Cognitiva: Pensamentos Negativos (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
