{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It is quiet and peaceful inside the cave. The groups of insects jumping in the air look like colorful stars in the sky. A lady with a gray-matter-esque complexion is sleeping in the cave with Noblesse Worms crawling at her feet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' When she opens her eyes and sees you, a colorful flame instantly materializes next to her, spreads along the wall, and soon reaches your feet. You're surrounded by fire in an instant.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Waves of memories gush into your mind, overloading your psyche. You recall the afternoon when you counted with your fingers for the first time in your life, and the first time you saw space ants walking in a straight line. Why do you remember these?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Please stop asking.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are charming.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are missing the country of gray matter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Remembering the trash makes you feel alive." You catch her letting out an icy snort. "Worship {{Rubi| Fuli |the Aeon of Remembrance}}, and we will burn your dull memories." She says.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give everything to "THEM." &mdash; Discard 1 Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity and obtain 1 Blessing of 1- to 3-star rarity.
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing(s) in exchange for a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Bear ten carats of trash. &mdash; Obtain 80 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=80}})
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Worship the Aeon of Remembrance.|Discard 1 Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity and obtain 1 Blessing of Remembrance.}}
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing(s) in exchange for a 1-3 star Blessing of Remembrance)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Burn the memories you long to forget.|Discard 1 Blessing of Nihility and select 1 Blessing of Nihility.}}
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing(s) of Nihility in exchange for a 1-3 star Blessing of Nihility)
{{Dialogue End}}