<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#And on the Eighth Day#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1033102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission And on the Eighth Day.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In Our Time
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Acheron; Aventurine; Black Swan; Firefly; Gallagher; Guileless Girl; Robin; Sparkle; Trailblazer; Trustful Boy
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Horizon of Existence]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Horizon of Existence
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,100; Stellar Jade*140; Shadow of Harmony*1; Traveler's Guide*10; Clock Credits*550; "Morns Like These"*1 { text = "Morns Like These" }; Credit*120,000
}}
'''''And on the Eighth Day''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In Our Time]].

==Steps==
# Say your final farewells to Acheron

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Say your final farewells to Acheron{{subst:void|<!--103310201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Horizon of Existence|The golden dream is about to become restless.<br />In the long night that will follow, I fear that you may encounter countless setbacks and witness endless tragedies. In the end, only black and white will be left in your vision.<br />But you must have faith. That black-and-white world will have a fleeting moment of crimson. But, when you make your decision...<br />...It will reappear once again.<br />And you, you must carefully ruminate on its meaning, then return to the waking world.<br />We will find our answer there.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 171.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Why does life slumber...? We don't know the answer yet, but we're about to awaken from this dream.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 172.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Or perhaps, such is the answer itself.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 173.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Leave this place, return to where you belong, and... awaken Penacony from this dream.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will you come with us?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if folks don't wanna wake up?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I get to witness your hidden power?
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 174.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' As I said, our plan is not about convincing everyone to choose the right path, but about inspiring them to save themselves. So, when will people actively save themselves?
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 181.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' The rain... is intensifying. Before we part ways, please allow me to ask a few final questions.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 182.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' So far, you have forged unbreakable bonds with numerous individuals and entities in the sweet dream.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 183.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' {{Color|#ff3a|Might I ask if you fear severing these bonds with your own hands?}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I feel no fear.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 184.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' If there is a vast, lifelike dreamland that is virtually indistinguishable from reality... a realm without death, where everyone can attain the happiness and fulfillment they deserve, living blissfully ever after.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 185.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' {{Color|#ff3a|I would ask &mdash; Would you wish to stay?}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would never ever want to live in a dream.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 186.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Imagine if this splendid dream were fated to fall apart: Friends, family, strangers... followed by the gentle breeze, soaring birds, the stars... and ultimately, yourself.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 187.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Everyone, and every face they remember, the joy and the heartaches, the vows sealed and those left hanging... all will inevitably march towards a predetermined ending. If you had grasped the journey's finale right from its inception...
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 188.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' {{Color|#ff3a|I would ask &mdash; Would you still embark on this journey?}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would blaze a trail without hesitation.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 acheron 189.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' I'm glad. The answer itself doesn't matter. What matters is that you've made a decision.
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::The golden dream is getting restless.
::In the coming long nights, I'm afraid you will face many setbacks and witness many tragedies.
::And in the end, you will only see in black and white.
::But please believe me that in that monochrome world, there will be a glimpse of fleeting red, and when you make a choice...
::...it will appear once more.
::What you must do, is ponder its significance, then return to the waking world.
::That's where we all find our answers.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|"Harmonious Choir" The Great Septimus*1}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayerSelectMotionMode",
	"MotionMode": "ForbidFastRun"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdventureCameraLookAtTemplate",
	"LookAtTarget": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAnchor",
		"GroupID": 4,
		"GroupInstanceID": 1
	},
	"TemplateName": "BackUpType"
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdventureCameraLookAtTemplate",
	"Reset": true,
	"TemplateName": "BackUpType"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EnableFreelookCameraDragMode",
	"Enable": true,
	"Mode": "Orbit"
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 sparkle 101.ogg}} '''Sparkle:''' Always distinguish between reality and imagination... alright, Gray?
:<!--2.5-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 blackswan 157.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' "Life is akin to a winding labyrinth, where memories serve as our sole companions."
:<!--2.5-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 aventurine 101.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' May your schemes... be forever concealed.
:<!--2.5-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 robin 111.ogg}} '''Robin:''' Ena's Dream... is too cruel for him, and everyone else.
:<!--2.5-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 gallagher 101.ogg}} '''Gallagher:''' To the imperfect tomorrow.
:<!--2.5-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 firefly 101.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' I still remember the question on the invitation letter &mdash; Why does life slumber?
:<!--2.5-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EnableFreelookCameraDragMode",
	"Mode": "Orbit"
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCheckLineupHeroAvatarID"}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ChangeHeroType"
}</pre>
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::So...
::Why does life slumber?
::Because... someday...
::We will wake from our dreams!
::The night is still... too short...
::Brother...
::The dream... is over.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
;(Screen fades to black)
:...
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonv 104.ogg}} '''Guileless Girl:''' Brother, do you think... the stars will fade away?
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 106.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' Where did that come all of a sudden?
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonv 105.ogg}} '''Guileless Girl:''' Because the constellation that looks like a bird, the... Torrent Eagles... looks a bit dim lately.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 107.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' It's the Torment Eagles. Don't worry, it's still there. It's just it's located in the inner ring of Penacony and can only be seen when spring and summer overlap.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 108.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' As for the question you asked... I think stars do die, just like people.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 109.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' But do you know, sister? No star actually belongs to the present. The light we see from them is from a long time ago.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 110.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' Even after the stars perish, their light will travel millions of light-years, spanning countless years, to illuminate the night sky of another world.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 111.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' In our paradise, I believe there will be a star like that, shining with the same light. Its radiance will last "forever," and its name... will be "happiness."
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonv 106.ogg}} '''Guileless Girl:''' No, not just one star! We should have two stars... or maybe even more!
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 112.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' Yeah, you're right.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonv 107.ogg}} '''Guileless Girl:''' It's a deal!
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonian 113.ogg}} '''Trustful Boy:''' It's a deal, then. This is our promise, and nothing will sway our ideals.
:{{A|VO chapter3 25 shaonv 108.ogg}} '''Guileless Girl:''' Yeah, you bet!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_global_set_amb_mute"
	},
	"EmitterType": "DefaultEmitter"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowPerformanceRollingSubtitles",
	"PrevDuration": 0.5,
	"JsonConfig": "Config/Performance/PerformanceRollingSubtitles2_2_2.json"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_global_set_amb_unmute"
	},
	"EmitterType": "DefaultEmitter"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = And on the Eighth Day
|zhs  = 然后，在第八天…
|zht  = 然後，在第八天……
|ja   = そして、8日目…
|ko   = 그리고, 여덟째 날에…
|es   = Y en el octavo día...
|fr   = Et durant le huitième jour...
|ru   = И на восьмой день...
|th   = จากนั้น ในวันที่ 8...
|vi   = Sau Đó, Vào Ngày Thứ Tám...
|de   = Und am achten Tag ...
|id   = Lalu, di Hari ke-8 ....
|pt   = E no Oitavo Dia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
