<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Seabiscuit#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1032705
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Seabiscuit.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In Our Time
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Seabiscuit]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Announcement; Firefly; March 7th; Sunday; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[SoulGlad™ Scorchsand Audition Venue]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = SoulGlad™ Scorchsand Audition Venue
|prev          = 
|next          = Beauty and Destruction
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*800; Stellar Jade*100; Lost Crystal*12; Clock Credits*400; "A Star Is Born"*1 { text = "A Star Is Born" }; "An Actor Prepares"*1 { text = "An Actor Prepares" }; Credit*160,000
}}
'''''Seabiscuit''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In Our Time]].

==Steps==
# Pass through the Path of the Superstars to reach the Penacony Grand Theater

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Pass through the Path of the Superstars to reach the Penacony Grand Theater{{subst:void|<!--103270501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=SoulGlad™ Scorchsand Audition Venue|You successfully defeat the knight whose passion was like a burning flame, and claim your entry ticket to the "Path of the Superstar."<br />You will soon receive a personal reception from Miss Robin herself... No, you are already within reach of the Penacony Grand Theater and the Stellaron! Remember the famous words of Hamster Ball Knight: "Go, go, go, go!"}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; Perf)
:{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 101.ogg}} '''???:''' Congratulations to the both of you on becoming the Festive Superstars of this year's Charmony Festival. Before entering the Grand Theater...
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 102.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' I, on behalf of the organizers, extend my sincere congratulations to you, wishing you joy under THEIR radiance.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You already worked things out with the Dreammaster?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} All I get are "sincere congratulations"? Where are my Stellar Jades?
:::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 103.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' *laughs* Your endeavors are worthy of extra recognition, and I've taken steps to ensure that. However, this reward is not a material one... but rather the opportunity for an open and honest communication between us.
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 104.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' As previously promised, my sister, Mr. Yang, and I have met with the Dreammaster. We delved into the truth about Penacony and its Stellaron, and have come to a consensus&mdash;
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 105.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' Both I and the Oak Family cannot acquiesce to your request.
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 firefly 184.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' ...Just as expected.
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 106.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' We acknowledge the perspective of you Nameless &mdash; Penacony does require change, but not as you propose. The Planet of Festivities cannot and will not revert to a place characterized by chaos, disorder, or anarchy.
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 107.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' Through your journey of overcoming obstacles, you must have glimpsed the essence of that era: The vulnerable ruthlessly eliminated, equality non-existent, commonfolk living precarious lives, eking out a dreary existence...
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 108.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' Ultimately, only "heroes" like yourselves manage to achieve success.
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 109 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 109 f.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' But I would dare ask: (Trailblazer), if you did not possess the special status of having a Stellaron, and you were but an anonymous and frail member among the masses... Which Penacony would you prefer?
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 sunday 110.ogg}} '''Sunday:''' A dystopia for the survival of the fittest, or a Sweetdream Paradise for all?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's nothing wrong with being the fittest...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A Sweetdream Paradise doesn't sound too bad...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know. Why're you asking me?
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 mar7th 122 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 20 mar7th 122 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' That's not the point! (Trailblazer), don't let him mislead you.
::{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; Sound)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amb_hotsand_cheering_oneshot"
	},
	"EmitterType": "DefaultEmitter"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Talk)
:{{A|VO chapter3 20 guangbo 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 20 guangbo 106 f.ogg}} '''Announcement:''' Congratulations to (Trailblazer) and Firefly on becoming this Scorchsand Festival's champions!
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 guangbo 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 20 guangbo 107 f.ogg}} '''Announcement:''' We look forward to their amazing entrance in the Charmony Festival!
::{{A|VO chapter3 20 guangbo 108.ogg}} '''Announcement:''' Let's give a round of applause to our aspiring young guests!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Seabiscuit
|zhs  = 奔腾年代
|zht  = 奔騰年代
|ja   = 奔走する時代
|ko   = 씨비스킷
|es   = La era del tumulto
|fr   = L'ère du tumulte
|ru   = Фаворит
|th   = ยุคพุ่งทะยาน
|vi   = Thời Đại Đầy Hứa Hẹn
|de   = Mit dem Willen zum Erfolg
|id   = Era Melaju Cepat
|pt   = A Era do Tumulto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
