<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Then Wake to Weep#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1032802
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Then Wake to Weep.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In Our Time
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = With the passing of an extremely long night, Misha finally regains his identity: The oblivious main character in the childhood dream of the Watchmaker, Mikhail Char Legwork &mdash; Clockie's friend, a young apprentice, and a future Express maintenance engineer... Simultaneously, he is the origin of an aged Nameless' Trailblazing journey. Misha has completed his mission and the Watchmaker has fulfilled his final, long-awaited wish. Now, the future of Penacony is in your hands.
|characters    = Clockie; Himeko; March 7th; Mikhail Char Legwork; Misha; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[A Child's Dream]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = A Child's Dream
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Traveler's Guide*5; Refined Aether*4; Lost Crystal*5; Credit*60,000
}}
'''''Then Wake to Weep''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In Our Time]].

==Steps==
# Follow Misha and help him recover his memories
# Search the rooms on either side
# Continue following Misha and help him recover his memories
# Follow Misha and continue ahead
# Find a way to get to the other end of the room
# Go to the other end of the room
# Advance towards the end of the long dream
# Take a rest in the moonlight...

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Follow Misha and help him recover his memories{{subst:void|<!--103280217-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=A Child's Dream|update|Time reverses to the point before you left Dreamflux Reef. Himeko returns from Golden Hour with a powerful deduction: There may be some inextricable link between the empty dream bubble that the Watchmaker is holding and Misha the bellboy.<br />In order to prove it, you take Misha back into Mikhail's dream bubble... If everything goes as expected, the truth may be lurking here in this long dream of the child.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search the rooms on either side{{subst:void|<!--103280203-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue following Misha and help him recover his memories{{subst:void|<!--103280205-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Misha and continue ahead{{subst:void|<!--103280221-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a way to get to the other end of the room{{subst:void|<!--103280208-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the other end of the room{{subst:void|<!--103280209-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Advance towards the end of the long dream{{subst:void|<!--103280223-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=A Child's Dream|update|With the passing of an extremely long night, Misha has finally regained his identity: The oblivious main character in the childhood dream of the Watchmaker, Mikhail Char Legwork &mdash; Clockie's friend, a young apprentice, a future Express maintenance engineer... Simultaneously, the origin of an old Nameless' Trailblazing journey.<br />He has completed his mission and the Watchmaker has fulfilled his final, long-awaited wish. Now, the future of Penacony is in your hands.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a rest in the moonlight...{{subst:void|<!--103280212-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Dreamflux Reef|update|Dear future Nameless:<br /><br />I have been waiting for you all this time, future Nameless. Though I know not where you come from, what you look like, or even your name... For now, please allow me to call you the "Trailblazer".<br />I am sure you have learned of who I am by now... A former Astral Express maintenance engineer, an apprentice of little promise, and an old man who lived an entirely unremarkable existence. I set out on the Trailblazing journey so I might learn about life itself and everything within. However, the more I learned, the more I found myself lost in confusion and distress. I thought that I would be able to learn how to live a better life, but all I learned was how to elegantly face the ending fate has paired you with... "Nihility".<br />Everyone in life will eventually find their own answer &mdash; to resist or to obey fate &mdash; but these questions do not belong to Trailblaze. Although, I fear this question may simply be too profound. I fear even Akivili THEMSELF would not be able to provide a single answer that is unique to Trailblaze. However, as a Nameless... as a person... we have the right to reflect. We have the right to act. We have the right to define our own endings. We have the right to move forward. As we advance down the road to our own ending, there are many things that people are capable of, and our endings will thus take on a completely new meaning. A Nameless does not indulge in temporary dreams, nor would they forsake their birth rights due to pain and suffering.<br /><br />Do you still recall the question I left in my invitation letter, Trailblazer? "Why does life slumber?"<br /><br />"People slumber so that, eventually, they can awaken from their dreams." ...This is the answer that an old Nameless devoted his entire life to finding.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Then Wake to Weep
|zhs  = 等醒来再哭泣
|zht  = 等醒來再哭泣
|ja   = 涙は目覚めの後で
|ko   = 눈물은 잠에서 깬 후에
|es   = Despierta, solo para llorar
|fr   = Réveil en sanglots
|ru   = Пробудишься - рыдай!
|th   = ร้องไห้อีกคราเมื่อยามตื่น
|vi   = Tỉnh Giấc Rồi Khóc Tiếp
|de   = Dann wach auf und weine
|id   = Jatuh Air Mata, Kala Sadar Menyapa
|pt   = Desperte para Chorar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
