<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Alfalfa Bank Insurance Package Information Booklet#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 341
|partIds      = 190618
|title        = ''Alfalfa Bank Insurance Package Information Booklet''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 4.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A flier advertising the insurance plan offered by Alfalfa Bank, featuring an enticing compensation amount.
|part1        = ''Alfalfa Bank Insurance Package Information Booklet''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Alfalfa Bank Insurance Package Information Booklet''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Concerned about sudden accidents that you can't shoulder?<br />Want your family to be financially secure if you meet an accident?<br />Invest a small amount to secure big happiness.<br />Alfalfa Bank &mdash; navigating secure passage for your future.

<br />"My Secure Insurance Plan"

Critical illness &mdash; 400% of the premium paid.<br />Disability due to general accidents &mdash; 666% of the premium paid.<br />Disability due to accidents caused by self-driving or public transportation &mdash; 888% of the premium paid.<br />Disability due to accidents or major natural disasters &mdash; 888% of premiums paid.<br />Total disability or total inability to work &mdash; 998% of the premium paid.<br />Non-accidental death &mdash; Fixed amount covering one month's hotel room bill.<br />Accidental death &mdash; 50,000% of the premium paid.<br />(For some reason, the last line of text has been underlined with a black line.)

<br />* Important Notes for Claiming Compensation<br />1. If an incident falls under multiple scenarios, compensation will be provided based on only one of the applicable scenarios.<br />2. Any injury or death caused by Memory Zone Memes is not covered by the insurance.<br />3. Any accidents caused by the dream device are not covered by the insurance. For more information, please consult the hotel's receptionist desk.<br />4. Participants must undergo a medical check-up at healthcare institutions specified by Alfalfa Bank to confirm that they do not have any pre-existing conditions within the listed scope.<br />5. We emphasize that any fraudulent insurance claims will be strictly punished. In such cases, in addition to recovering the entire compensation and confiscating the premiums, the swindler will face the highest level of charges in Penacony, including but not limited to paying compensation due to breaching contracts, permanent eviction, imprisonment, and other penalties. The Bloodhound Family is responsible for safeguarding the bank's capital.

<br />Please be assured that Alfalfa Bank will always be your most loyal partner.

(The following pages are torn off.)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Alfalfa Bank Insurance Package Information Booklet''
|zhs  = 《苜蓿草银行保险套餐介绍单》
|zht  = 《苜蓿草銀行保險套餐介紹單》
|ja   = 『ルーサン銀行保険パッケージ紹介チラシ』
|ko   = ≪알팔파 은행 보험 패키지 소개서≫
|es   = Folleto informativo sobre el paquete de seguros del Banco Alfalfa
|fr   = ''Brochure de présentation des assurances de la Banque Grand-Trèfle''
|ru   = Буклет с информацией о страховом пакете «ЛюцернаБанка»
|th   = "ใบปลิวแพ็กเกจประกันของ Alfalfa Bank"
|vi   = "Giấy Giới Thiệu Gói Bảo Hiểm Ngân Hàng Alfalfa"
|de   = „Broschüre für das Versicherungspaket der Alfalfa Bank“
|id   = "Brosur Paket Asuransi Bank Alfalfa"
|pt   = Folheto de Informações sobre a Apólice do Banco Alfafa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}