<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamlight Anniversary Special (Excerpt)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 405
|partIds      = 190700
|title        = ''Dreamlight Anniversary Special'' (Excerpt)
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 2.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A special edition of the school magazine published by the Paperfold University News Society. It records this Dreamlight Anniversary's great success and includes interviews with various stalls and students.
|part1        = ''Dreamlight Anniversary Special'' (Excerpt)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Dreamlight Anniversary Special'' (Excerpt)''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<br />'''<div align="center">{{Size|28|Stall introduction}}</div>'''<br />We are aware that the number of stalls for this year's Dreamlight Anniversary has made history once more. Alongside welcome event stalls organized by the academies, the number of stall applications from students and clubs reached a whopping two hundred. For this reason, the university has no choice but to review the qualifications for stalls more strictly. Stalls without clear plans or the ability to attract interest will not pass the application. We hope that all of our passionate participants will understand.<br />Below, you will find a number of investigation reports regarding stalls for this school anniversary.

<br />'''Dessert stall'''<br />It has to be said that this stall owner has done their research on how to make exquisite desserts. Even oak cake rolls with their unremarkable flavor have undergone special design to become a campus favorite and fashionable item that rocks the academy. Naturally, the price increases with the improved appearance. We find it hard to believe that a lofty price of 100,000 Alfalfa credits is within an average student's spending range.

Editorial Department's rating &mdash; 4/10.<br />Reasons for rating:''Style is new and original and the flavor is passable, but the pricing is ridiculous. We hope that the owner of this stall would have a clearer understanding of the consumer power of average Paperfold University students and not base the prices on their own financial situation.''

<br />'''Toy stall'''<br />To be honest, we never thought that there would still be such loyal fans of the "Slumbernana Monkey" on campus, now that the trend has died out. Looking at it now, we can see that the monkey dolls have neither the attraction to become a trending toy nor enough content to prop it up. Students are keen on chasing the next best thing, and this is sure to be completely abandoned. The stall sales data confirmed our judgement &mdash; at the time of the Editorial Department's review, only one monkey doll had been sold. We are currently urgently seeking that one and only buyer. Stay tuned for further reports.

Editorial Department's rating &mdash; 1/10.<br />Reasons for rating:''It is extremely important to be aware of what your fellow students are currently interested in.''

<br />'''Society and club stall'''<br />A varied and colorful campus life has always been the defining feature of Paperfold University, so we made a special trip to the student club and society promotional stalls. Among them, the literature club's recruitment event was particularly interesting. Interested students can take part in an on-the-spot story-writing event and receive advice from experienced members. If your piece is written particularly well, you will be asked to read it aloud for everyone to hear. As we understand, all members of the literature club have received professional recitation training and have experience in performing at music parties.<br />If your writing is particularly terrible, your work will be printed as a manuscript and the members will eat it. Because of this, we personally witnessed at least five incidents of food poisoning. Due to safety concerns, we recommend that students with poor literary skills exercise caution when taking part in this event.

Editorial Department's rating &mdash; 8/10.<br />Reasons for rating:''They have successfully proven that poetry and songs are the same. Unfortunately, however, they have not quite grasped the difference between stories and cuisine.''

<br />'''<div align="center">{{Size|28|What are the students saying?}}</div>'''<br />The Dreamlight Anniversary is an event that belongs to everyone on campus, and the opinions of the students are extremely valuable. Therefore, we randomly interviewed a number of students. Let's hear what they think of the anniversary event.

<br />''"Yeah, I'm really pleased. This Dreamlight Anniversary successfully showed the independent spirit and initiative of every student. As a representative of Fortune Academy, I am so pleased to see my fellow students getting involved. I hope that through this event, everyone will be able to... celebrate yourself and celebrate your style!"''<br />                                                     <div align="right">&mdash; Interview with a Pepeshi student</div>

Editorial Department's response:''Sorry, we accidentally interviewed a staff in this interview. However, their joy is genuine!''

<br />''"Can you blur my face? Thanks, then I'll start. Honestly, I think this anniversary is absolute crap. I'm so bored I could die. How could being in a band be as fun as just having a party? If I'm honest, the school should stay out of it and leave it all to the students!"''<br />                                                  <div align="right">&mdash; Interview with a Fortune Academy student</div>

Editorial Department's response:''On the contrary, our research data indicates that the students are pretty pleased with the arrangement of the music party. I think that this "Party King" may be a little biased, so we would urge you to take this with a pinch of salt.''

<br />''"I just like monkey dolls, okay!? What's wrong with that? Is being a fan of an out-of-style character really that humiliating? If you ask me, it's you people who change what you like every few days that are the real fakes! You're just idiots that follow what everyone else likes. Pathetic!"''<br />                                                         <div align="right">&mdash; An interview with the monkey doll buyer</div>

Editorial Department's response:''People are free to like whatever they want. However, we still believe that there are some things that are just more aesthetically pleasing than others.''

<br />''"I'm so excited about this year's music party! As a member selected by Charmony Academy, no one is a better fit to be the band leader than I am. I will show the audience my musical talent... and shine for you all!"''<br />                                                  <div align="right">&mdash; Interview with a Charmony Academy student</div>

Editorial Department's response:''Having confidence is a great thing. Let us look forward to this student's wonderful performance at the music party!''

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Dreamlight Anniversary Special'' (Excerpt)
|zhs  = 《彩梦校庆特刊》（节选）
|zht  = 《彩夢校慶特刊》（節選）
|ja   = 『彩の夢学園祭特集号』（抜粋）
|ko   = ≪오색꿈 개교 기념 행사 특간≫(발췌)
|es   = «Especial Aniversario Colorsueños» (fragmento)
|fr   = ''Édition spéciale sur l'anniversaire de Songéclat'' (extrait)
|ru   = «Спецвыпуск по случаю фестиваля "Цветные сны"» (выдержка)
|th   = นิตยสารงานเทศกาลฝันหลากสี (บทคัดสรร)
|vi   = "Số Đặc Biệt Lễ Kỷ Niệm Thành Lập Trường: Giấc Mơ Muôn Màu" (Trích dẫn)
|de   = „Sonderausgabe zum Traumlicht-Jubiläum“ (Auszug)
|id   = "Edisi Khusus Hari Jadi Dreamlight" (Kutipan)
|pt   = "Especial de Aniversário da Luz Onírica" (Trecho)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}