<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamscape Tourist Compendium — Entertainment#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 312
|partIds      = 190572
|title        = ''Dreamscape Tourist Compendium &mdash; Entertainment''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The second of the Tourist Compendium sequels, specifically introducing Penacony's uniquely fun experiences in its various areas.
|part1        = ''Dreamscape Tourist Compendium &mdash; Entertainment''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Penacony; The Family
}}
'''''Dreamscape Tourist Compendium &mdash; Entertainment''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">'''Testimonials'''<br />
The ''Dreamscape Tourist Compendium'' by Alfalfa Publishing House has been reissued!<br />
We hope you can leave all your worries behind and live in the present!</div>

'''Sweet Dreams Troupe: Mystical performances in the hotel'''<br />
''"Welcome to the Reverie! The Sweet Dreams Troupe is at your service!"''<br />
Perhaps, you have already come across the massive floating teapot and teacups in the hotel. Everything is possible in a dream!<br />
The singing people in the murals and the dancing candlesticks form the cheerful Sweet Dreams Troupe. They earn their name because these adorable little guys work tirelessly to build sweet dreams!<br />
Feel free to interact with the little ones in the troupe, as they will be happy to serve and play with you!<br />
If you are lucky, you might even catch a sneak peek of the tiny actors rehearsing a play in a corner. Please quietly depart to avoid disturbing them!<br />
''Location Guide: The Reverie''


'''Dream Bubbles: The novel experience of selling dreams'''<br />
''"The echoes of life which are as fresh and sweet as sliced raw fish."''<br />
In Penacony, a special means is used to convert memoria into dream bubbles, a safer and stabler memory medium.<br />
Unlike traditional on-screen films and dramas, dream bubbles offer an immersive experience like no other for the participants. You will play as one of the characters in the memory and go through the story from a first-person perspective.<br />
In addition to the customized dream bubble content, there are also dream bubble mystery boxes available for purchase, allowing you to enjoy this service at the most affordable prices.<br />
A reminder from The Family: Please sign a liability waiver before using any unprocessed new dream bubbles. The dream bubbles are non-refundable once sold.<br />
''Location Guide: Dreamscape Sales Store''

'''Clock Studios Theme Park: The paradise for Clockie's fans'''<br />
''"This is a complete replica of Dreamville where Clockie and his friends reside!"''<br />
Clock Studios Theme Park is an outright paradise for animation enthusiasts across the universe!<br />
You can experience the classic scenes from old cartoons, relive the adventures of Clockie and his friends, or transform into a Dreamville resident to join the daily festive parade alongside Hanu and Hamster Ball Knight.<br />
For more details about the merchandise, please refer to the ''Dreamscape Tourist Compendium &mdash; Shopping''.<br />
''Location Guide: Clock Studios Theme Park''

'''Golden Capsule Machine: A big win that can be found anywhere'''<br />
''"Rumor has it that there was once a common guy who became a millionaire overnight by playing the capsule machine... Trust me, this must be a true story!"''<br />
You can see many such machines on the roadsides. They shine brightly all day long, waiting for the next superstar to place their bet. However, many tend to overlook the immense potential of winning big through these machines.<br />
An Intellitron scholar in probability theory once said, "It's possible to win the entire Penacony with a single Aideen Token!"<br />
A small investment is all you need for a chance to strike the jackpot and become the next legendary tycoon!<br />
''Location Guide: Aideen Park''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Dreamscape Tourist Compendium &mdash; Entertainment''
|zhs  = 《梦境旅游指南-游玩篇》
|zht  = 《夢境旅遊指南-遊玩篇》
|ja   = 『夢境旅行ガイド-娯楽編』
|ko   = ≪꿈세계 여행 가이드-엔터테인먼트편≫
|es   = «Compendio turístico del paisaje onírico: Ocio»
|fr   = ''Guide touristique du Pays des rêves : Divertissement''
|ru   = «Туристический справочник Мира грёз: Развлечения»
|th   = "คู่มือท่องเที่ยวแดนฝัน - การท่องเที่ยว"
|vi   = "Hướng Dẫn Du Lịch Cõi Mộng-Tham Quan"
|de   = „Handbücher für Touristen der Traumlandschaft – Unterhaltung“
|id   = "Panduan Wisata Dunia Mimpi - Permainan"
|pt   = "Compêndio Turístico do Mundonírico – Entretenimento"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}