<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamjoy Memoir Extras#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 350
|partIds      = 190634;190635;190636;190637;190638;190639
|title        = ''Dreamjoy Memoir Extras''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 3.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 6
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An extra story of the ''Clockie: Dreamville'' animation series, produced by Clock Studios. It explores the past and future of various characters in Dreamville. Note: This story takes place in a different timeline from that of the main series.
|part1        = ''Mr. Soda's Extras''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = ''Boss Stone's Extras''
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = ''Brother Hanu's Extras''
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = ''Origami Bird's Extras''
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part5        = ''Old Man Wood's Extras''
|source5      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part6        = ''Hamster Ball Knight's Extras''
|source6      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Dreamjoy Memoir Extras''''' is a 6-part [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===''Mr. Soda's Extras''===
(Mr. Soda's story begins before Clockie's arrival. At that time, Dreamville was still known as "Nightmareville," and the townsfolk were enslaved by Boss Stone. Mr. Soda worked as a chef there.

He was hired by Boss Stone to cook for the crocodiles and the townsfolk. The crocodiles demanded him to prepare sumptuous meals using lousy ingredients. If the food didn't suit their taste, Mr. Soda would be beaten up. With each passing day, Mr. Soda's resentment toward Boss Stone intensified...<br />/Mr. Soda's story begins before Clockie's arrival. At that time, Dreamville was still known as "Nightmareville," and the townsfolk were enslaved by Boss Stone. Mr. Soda was a young idol there.

He established a band called "Fizzy Gulp," bringing joy to the townsfolk along with the cheerful Bottle Cap Girl and the gentle Miss Drink Can. However, Boss Stone wasn't a fan of their music. He always picked on Mr. Soda and even had the "Sweet Croc Sisters" working under his company seize all Fizzy Gulp's resources. Mr. Soda had no choice but to disband the group...<br />/Mr. Soda's story begins before Clockie's arrival. At that time, Dreamville was still known as "Nightmareville," and the townsfolk were enslaved by Boss Stone. Mr. Soda was a man-made weapon there called "SoulGlad: Dreamhunter X."

He was a lethal weapon created by Boss Stone using an ancient beverage recipe. Mr. Soda acted on Boss Stone's orders, plundering valuable stones everywhere. As time went on, however, Mr. Soda started contemplating the purpose of his existence and slowly grew rebellious against Boss Stone...<br />)<br />(<br />Boss Stone sent the townsfolk to dig for stones every day, but he only fed them dirty water from the crocodile pond and weeds from the swamp, making everyone's life miserable.<br />To soothe the agony of the townsfolk with sweetness, Mr. Soda starts to concoct a mysterious drink. He hopes the drink could lift the townsfolk's spirits and help them find the courage to make a breakthrough. Mr. Soda was one such a gentle and caring drink.<br />Yet, Mr. Soda's action infuriated Boss Stone, who couldn't allow anyone to behave willfully on his turf. Boss Stone unscrupulously captured Mr. Soda using a dirty trick and sent him to prison.

Fortunately, Brother Hanu and Clockie managed to rescue Mr. Soda. Mr. Soda then joined them to rebel against Boss Stone.<br />Because of Mr. Soda's past benevolent deeds, many of the townsfolk chose to stand by him. Holding a SoulGlad bottle each, the townsfolk worked in unison and gave those despicable crocodiles a thrashing.<br />/<br />Boss Stone sent the townsfolk to dig for stones every day, but he only fed them dirty water from the crocodile pond and weeds from the swamp, making everyone's life miserable.<br />To make a fortune, Mr. Soda starts to concoct a mysterious drink. He hopes the drink could help him become as rich as Boss Stone and be seen as an equal to the crocodiles. Mr. Soda was one such greedy drink.<br />Yet, Mr. Soda's action infuriated Boss Stone, who couldn't allow anyone to behave willfully on his turf. Boss Stone unscrupulously captured Mr. Soda using a dirty trick and sent him to prison.

Fortunately, Brother Hanu and Clockie managed to rescue Mr. Soda. Mr. Soda then joined them to rebel against Boss Stone.<br />Mr. Soda purchased numerous weapons with his savings to arm the townsfolk. Under Brother Hanu's leadership, they were unstoppable.<br />/<br />Boss Stone sent the townsfolk to dig for stones every day, but he only fed them dirty water from the crocodile pond and weeds from the swamp, making everyone's life miserable.<br />To control the minds of the residents, Mr. Soda starts to concoct a mysterious drink. He hoped the drink could help him establish his own kingdom and become the sole ruler of Nightmareville. Mr. Soda was one such ambitious drink.<br />Yet, Mr. Soda's action infuriated Boss Stone, who couldn't allow anyone to behave willfully on his turf. Boss Stone unscrupulously captured Mr. Soda using a dirty trick and sent him to prison.

Fortunately, Brother Hanu and Clockie managed to rescue Mr. Soda. Mr. Soda then joined them to rebel against Boss Stone.<br />Through SoulGlad, Mr. Soda had many under his control. He had the townsfolk at his disposal and had the crocodiles defected to his side. Boss Stone was defeated again and again.<br />)<br />(<br />At last, Boss Stone was ousted, and peace was restored in town. Later, Mr. Soda opened a soda factory! He emerged as a well-known beverage tycoon in Dreamville, and his SoulGlad became known across the lands.

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/<br />At last, Boss Stone was ousted, and peace was restored in town. However, Mr. Soda died a hero's death on the battlefield... To commemorate him, Clockie decided to develop and promote his SoulGlad...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/<br />At last, Boss Stone was ousted, and peace was restored in town. Mr. Soda became the new Boss Stone! Emulating Boss Stone, he opened multiple soda factories in the town and compelled the townsfolk to work for him day and night. The crisis in Dreamville remained unresolved...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.))

===''Boss Stone's Extras''===
(Hey there, viewers. The protagonist of this story is the one big bad egg who we're all very familiar with: Boss Stone! A long time ago, he subjugated the townsfolk of Nightmareville and did all kinds of wicked deeds &mdash; all so he could get his hands on precious stones. He would trade these stones for money, amassing more wealth to buy even more stones &mdash; that's how boring he was.<br />/Hey there, viewers. The protagonist of this story is the one big bad egg who we're all very familiar with: Boss Stone! A long time ago, he subjugated the townsfolk of Nightmareville and did all kinds of wicked deeds &mdash; all so he could get his hands on beautiful trash. He adored trash. He believed that by collecting enough trash, he would be able to summon the forgotten King of Trashcans, making all crocodiles the citizens of the great trashcan &mdash; that's how quirky he was.<br />/Hello, my dear viewers! The protagonist of the story this time is the notorious villain we all are pretty familiar with &mdash; Boss Stone! A long time ago, he subjugated the townsfolk of Nightmareville and committed all kinds of atrocities just to find himself a perfect relationship. He had a crush on a lady crocodile who was into bad guys. Therefore, Boss Stone went to great lengths to act like the biggest crook, even though it was against his nature &mdash; that's how a hopeless romantic he was.<br />)<br />(<br />One day, a meteor crashed into the town. The crocodiles were at a loss for what to do, creating a chance for the townsfolk to launch a counterattack. Faced with townsfolk openly hostile against him, Boss Stone decided to suppress them with violence!<br />However, the leader of the townsfolk &mdash; Brother Hanu &mdash; was valiant, and he even managed to enlist the help of the Compass crew who came from afar. Clockie, Mirror Princess, and Captain Revolver from the ship gave Boss Stone a lot of trouble.<br />At last, Boss Stone was vanquished and ousted from the town, and Nightmareville was transformed into Dreamville.<br />/<br />One day, a meteor crashed into the town. The disaster left the crocodiles bewildered and gave the townsfolk a chance to rebel. In the face of the townsfolk's declaration of war, Boss Stone decided to turn the townsfolk against each other!<br />He bribed the greedy ones and incited them to betray Hanu, who was leading the resistance. Yet, Hanu remained steadfast and did not lose his confidence. He calmly dealt with the traitors and successfully turned the tide with the help of Clockie and the rest.<br />At last, Boss Stone was vanquished and ousted from the town, and Nightmareville was transformed into Dreamville.<br />/<br />One day, a meteor crashed into the town. The disaster left the crocodiles bewildered and gave the townsfolk a chance to rebel. In the face of the townsfolk's declaration of war, Boss Stone decided to introduce a democratic system!<br />Although it was a commendable move, but Boss Stone's past evil deeds were beyond redemption. None of the townsfolk believed in him. Under Brother Hanu's leadership, the crew of the Compass and the townsfolk worked together, giving Boss Stone a lot of trouble.<br />At last, Boss Stone was vanquished and ousted from the town, and Nightmareville was transformed into Dreamville.<br />)<br />(Boss Stone did not throw in the towel. Instead, he vowed to reclaim control of the town. He blocked access to resources and launched a vigorous attack in retaliation... Due to the scarcity of resources, coupled with various disasters, Dreamville found itself in dire straits. The townsfolk were in constant dispute.<br />Fortunately, Clockie sought the help of Old Man Wood, who managed to persuade the townsfolk to reunite.

Boss Stone dared not act rashly again, thus he resorted to covert actions to wreak havoc in the town.<br />Nevertheless, his tricks never caused any harm to the townsfolk as they were exposed by Clockie and his companions time and again.

As days went by, the townsfolk gradually forgot about Boss Stone's wickedness, but there was no doubt the villain still had his eyes upon Dreamville. He and his lackeys were bound to return someday...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/Boss Stone did not throw in the towel. Instead, he vowed to reclaim control of the town. He blocked access to resources and launched a vigorous attack in retaliation... Due to the scarcity of resources, coupled with various disasters, Dreamville found itself in dire straits. The townsfolk were in constant dispute.<br />Fortunately, Clockie sought the help of Old Man Wood, who managed to persuade the townsfolk to reunite.

Boss Stone dared not act rashly again, thus he had no choice but to turn over a new leaf.<br />Boss Stone left Dreamville and strove to become an entrepreneur with integrity. But then again, he slowly realized that having integrity only left him broke! His righteousness eventually gave way to his ambition, and he started plotting to reclaim Dreamville.

As days went by, the townsfolk gradually forgot about Boss Stone's wickedness, but there was no doubt the villain still had his eyes upon Dreamville. He and his lackeys were bound to return someday...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/Boss Stone did not throw in the towel. Instead, he vowed to reclaim control of the town. He blocked access to resources and launched a vigorous attack in retaliation... Due to the scarcity of resources, coupled with various disasters, Dreamville found itself in dire straits. The townsfolk were in constant dispute.<br />Fortunately, Clockie sought the help of Old Man Wood, who managed to persuade the townsfolk to reunite.

Boss Stone dared not act rashly again, thus he had no choice but to blend into the townsfolk and live a happy life.<br />The good-natured townsfolk accepted Boss Stone as one of them and allowed him and his business to remain in the town. However, it wasn't good enough for Boss Stone, and the flame of ambition in his heart was bound to rekindle amidst the peace.

As days went by, the townsfolk gradually forgot about Boss Stone's wickedness, but there was no doubt the villain still had his eyes upon Dreamville. He and his lackeys were bound to return someday...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.))

===''Brother Hanu's Extras''===
(This time, let us narrate the story of Clockie's trusted companion &mdash; Brother Hanu!

Once upon a time, Hanu was an ordinary resident of Wolfsville, a place ruled by the crocodile traders. Life wasn't a bed of roses, but it was peaceful and serene.

Brother Hanu, with a rebellious streak, hated working for the crocodile traders. In his opinion, wolves were supposed to hunt for prey on the battlefield!<br />Brother Hanu rallied others who also harbored resentment toward the crocodile traders and set fire to the factory in Wolfsville, declaring war between the wolves and the crocodiles. The townsfolk paid a hefty price for Brother Hanu's reckless act &mdash; their homes were destroyed, their family were devoured by the crocodiles, and the peaceful days were gone.

Outraged, the townsfolk captured Brother Hanu and handed him over to a ruthless crocodile trader &mdash; Boss Stone.<br />Boss Stone was set to send Brother Hanu to the harsh environment of Nightmareville, making him dig for stones for the rest of his life as punishment.

Nevertheless, the experience didn't leave Brother Hanu any less bloodthirsty, as he still yearned for war and violence as ever. As such, he kept sowing discord between the townsfolk in Nightmareville and Boss Stone, instigating yet another brutal conflict.<br />Thanks to the crew of the Compass, who came from afar, Brother Hanu successfully defeated the crocodile with Clockie's clever schemes and prevented Nightmareville from suffering the same fate as Wolfsville.

Brother Hanu then renamed Nightmareville to Dreamville, claiming he would turn it into a worry-free dream town. Yet, it was just a façade &mdash; there was no way a wolf would leave its fangs and claws to no use.<br />Soon, Hanu revealed his true colors when disaster struck... He ousted all the residents who threatened his domination and fired his Hanu Launcher at the rebels, leaving everyone in misery. For some townsfolk, he was an even scarier presence than Boss Stone!

Clockie, who failed to stop Hanu, was left with no choice but to invite the respectable Old Man Wood to the town to quell the chaos.<br />Under Old Man Wood's guidance, Hanu mended his way and became a guardian of the town, but the evil deeds he had committed would never be forgotten by the townsfolk...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/This time, let us narrate the story of Clockie's trusted companion &mdash; Brother Hanu!

Once upon a time, Brother Hanu was an ordinary resident of Wolfsville, a place ruled by the crocodile traders. The townsfolk, being treated as slaves that manually transported goods, lived in agony.

Brother Hanu, being a wolf with a sense of justice, does not like working for the crocodile traders. In his opinion, wolves were supposed to run free in the wilderness!<br />Brother Hanu rallied others who were as righteous as him and set fire to the factory in Wolfsville, setting off the war between the wolves and the crocodiles. Thanks to Brother Hanu's effort, the townsfolk of Wolfsville bared their fangs at the despicable crocodiles and showcased their might.

However, there were simply too many crocodiles in the world, and Wolfsville eventually ended up in a crisis. Brother Hanu decided to sacrifice himself for the crocodiles to spare the lives of the townsfolk.<br />The crocodiles handed Brother Hanu over to a ruthless crocodile trader &mdash; Boss Stone. Boss Stone was set to send Brother Hanu to the harsh environment of Nightmareville, making him dig for stones for the rest of his life as punishment.

Nevertheless, the experience didn't deprive Brother Hanu of his sense of justice. Seeing that Nightmareville was also suffering from Boss Stone's oppression, Brother Hanu could no longer tolerate the crocodiles' tyranny and decided to stage another rebellion with the townsfolk.<br />Thanks to the crew of the Compass, who came from afar, and Clockie's help, Brother Hanu successfully defeated the crocodiles and prevented Nightmareville from suffering the same fate as Wolfsville.

Brother Hanu then renamed Nightmareville to Dreamville, claiming he would turn it into a worry-free dream town. Everyone believed in this hero who symbolized freedom and worked with him to build the town.<br />Unfortunately, his aspiration suffered drawbacks when disaster struck... He ventured into the sandstorm by himself to rescue the stranded townsfolk, fed the townsfolk using his savings, and reluctantly expelled his friends who had betrayed the town. In the end, he was severely injured when defending against Boss Stone's attack...

Clockie, who failed to help Brother Hanu, was left with no choice but to seek help from the resourceful Old Man Wood to free Brother Hanu and Dreamville from the debacle.<br />With Old Man Wood's help, Brother Hanu realized his dream by making the town more and more dream-like. The townsfolk sang praises for Brother Hanu's deeds and enjoyed the wonderful festivals in town with him...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/This time, let us narrate the story of Clockie's trusted companion &mdash; Brother Hanu!

Once upon a time, Brother Hanu was a wolf living in Wolfsville, a place ruled by the crocodile merchants. The townsfolk, being treated as slaves that manually transported goods, lived in agony.<br />Being just a wolf, Brother Hanu couldn't do much to help.

Some time later, the fed-up townsfolk set fire to a factory in Wolfsville, declaring war between the wolves and the crocodiles.<br />The crocodiles ended up triumphant in the war and were determined to hold the mastermind behind the turmoil accountable. The townsfolk, who wanted to shirk the responsibility, came up with a solution &mdash; making Brother Hanu their scapegoat!

"Huh? Are you sure this wolf is the culprit?"<br />"We assure you he is. If you don't believe it, you can get your fellow crocodiles to continue the investigation. After all, you're the one paying their wage!"<br />Brother Hanu was just a wolf, so he couldn't defend himself.

The crocodiles handed Brother Hanu over to a ruthless crocodile trader &mdash; Boss Stone. Boss Stone was set to send Brother Hanu to the harsh environment of Nightmareville, making him dig for stones for the rest of his life as punishment.<br />Yet, Brother Hanu was just a wolf and could hardly do any digging.

As time went on, the townsfolk of Nightmareville grew sick of Boss Stone's oppression. They put up a united front and staged a rebellion.<br />Being just a wolf, Brother Hanu could only chip in by making a few bites.

Just as the townsfolk of Nightmareville found themselves being overwhelmed, the crew of the Compass came to their aid. Clockie, Mirror Princess, and Captain Revolver defeated the crocodiles, preventing Nightmareville from suffering the same fate as Wolfsville.

Clockie found no leader material among the townsfolk who had long been enslaved. As an outsider, he lacked the prestige to be a convincing leader either. So, he set his sights on Brother Hanu, who couldn't speak...

Clockie helped the wolf get dressed and made up a story about him. Surprisingly, the townsfolk bought the story as they thought the wolf in a suit looked *cool*!<br />Brother Hanu was just a wolf, and he enjoyed the attention.

Later on, Nightmareville was renamed to Dreamville, and Old Man Wood came to help with the struggles the town was facing... None of these occurrences had anything to do with Brother Hanu, because Brother Hanu was just an obedient and dashing wolf.

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.))

===''Origami Bird's Extras''===
(The Clockie's animation features a lot of lovely Origami Birds that built the magnificent Dreamville. Now, let us delve into their story...

After ousting Boss Stone from Nightmareville and renaming the place Dreamville, Clockie and Brother Hanu racked their brains trying to transform the town into a truly dreamlike place.

Luckily, Professor Owl, a nest-building genius whom Clockie met during his journey, made a surprise visit to the town. At Professor Owl's call, birds from all over the world flocked to Dreamville.<br />Young Master Gold who once worked for the crocodiles, Verdant Manager from Smartville, Lady Vermilion from Happyville, and Boss Red who grew up in Nightmareville were Professor Owl's most trusted students. Under their guidance, it didn't take long for the Origami Birds to erect beautiful houses in Dreamville...

A blue bird later joined the flock.<br />Known as Dr. Blues, the bird was not as mature and reliable as the other bird leaders, but Professor Owl greatly valued its talent. Because it was the youngest in the flock, the other birds treated it as their junior and taught it various architectural methods... Dr. Blues soon became the most skilled Origami Bird and became best friends with Clockie.<br />Dr. Blues thought he would spend the rest of his life sprucing up the town with other birds, living happily ever after. However, nothing good lasted forever. The beautiful town attracted residents from all walks of life, including baddies, who turned the town ugly. To get rid of the black sheep, Old Man Wood decided to take charge. The decision didn't sit well with many Origami Birds, who opined that Dreamville belonged to all, not just Old Man Wood.

The Origami Birds distanced themselves from Old Man Wood, and the flock eventually dispersed... Dr. Blues was the only one that remained at Rouseville, a place established by Clockie, to wait for the return of its companion.

After years of waiting, it never heard the chirp of another bird. Just as Dr. Blues thought of leaving Dreamville for its lair, the long-awaited Clockie showed up!<br />Upon learning the Origami Birds' plight, Clockie helped Dr. Blues to reunite with the others &mdash; the five birds have reunited again!

In the days to come, they will lead more Origami Birds in constructing an even more beautiful Dreamville...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/The Clockie's animation features a lot of lovely Origami Birds that built the magnificent Dreamville. Now, let us delve into their story...

After ousting Boss Stone from Nightmareville and renaming the place Dreamville, Clockie and Brother Hanu racked their brains trying to transform the town into a truly dreamlike place.

Luckily, Professor Owl, a nest-building genius whom Clockie met during his journey, made a surprise visit to the town. At Professor Owl's call, birds from all over the world flocked to Dreamville.<br />Young Master Gold, Verdant Manager, Lady Vermilion, Boss Red, and Dr. Blues were Professor Owl's most trusted students. Under their guidance, it didn't take long for the Origami Birds to erect beautiful houses in Dreamville...

But the Origami Birds soon found themselves in a dilemma &mdash; Dreamville was too small! To expand Dreamville's territory, Clockie enlisted the help of the cowboys from afar to explore the wilderness. Being unruly, the cowboys refused to return the cleared land to Dreamville, much to Old Man Wood's distress.

The clever Origami Birds then flew to the cowboys' territory and helped them build houses and hotels. The cowboys were wary at first, but they were thrilled the moment they saw the barren land being adorned by beautiful streets and their wooded huts being turned into elegant mansions. Just like that, they accepted the Origami Birds as their friends.<br />In actuality, the birds had secretly constructed an underground tunnel for Old Man Wood's army. Those baddies that occupied the land were thus defeated.

Dreamville now has a vast territory, and it needs beautiful buildings to complement it. Under Professor Owl's leadership, Lady Vermilion has established the magnificent Town Hotel, Verdant Manager has constructed the solemn Dawndew Hut, and Boss Red has built the fun Soda Racetrack. As for Dr. Blues, he seems to be concocting a plan for a secret base with Clockie...

In the future, they will lead more Origami Birds in constructing an even more beautiful Dreamville...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/The Clockie's animation features a lot of lovely Origami Birds that built the magnificent Dreamville. Now, let us delve into their story...<br />Firstly, they were really just ordinary birds.

After ousting Boss Stone from Nightmareville and renaming the place Dreamville, Clockie and Brother Hanu racked their brains trying to transform the town into a truly dreamlike place.

Luckily, Professor Owl, a nest-building genius whom Clockie met during his journey, made a surprise visit to the town. At Professor Owl's call, birds from all over the world flocked to Dreamville.<br />Yet, they couldn't do much except carry logs and rocks for the townsfolk. After all, they were just regular birds.

Under Professor Owl's guidance, it didn't take long for the townsfolk to erect beautiful houses in Dreamville...<br />But the townsfolk soon found themselves in a dilemma &mdash; Dreamville was too small! To expand Dreamville's territory, Clockie enlisted the help of the cowboys from afar to explore the wilderness. Being unruly, the cowboys refused to return the cleared land to Dreamville, much to Old Man Wood's distress.

The clever Professor Owl instructed the Origami Birds to fly to the cowboys' territory and help them build houses and taverns... but the birds didn't know how to build at all. They dropped logs and rocks from the sky, hitting the cowboys until they saw stars.<br />Old Man Wood then seized the opportunity to charge into the cowboys' territory, defeating those baddies that occupied the land unconscionably.

Now, Dreamville has a vast territory, and it needs beautiful buildings to complement it. Under Professor Owl's guidance, the magnificent Town Hotel, the solemn Dawndew Hut, and the fun Soda Racetrack have been built through joint efforts...<br />Although the Origami Birds aren't very useful, everyone is still fond of these little carriers of building materials and have accepted them as part of the construction project.

In the future, Professor Owl will lead more towns in constructing an even more beautiful Dreamville...<br />The Origami Birds will be involved in the construction too, but they are really just regular birds.

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.))

===''Old Man Wood's Extras''===
(There is one mysterious character frequently mentioned in the previous animated stories &mdash; Old Man Wood. Although he is a well-respected figure in Dreamville much trusted by Clockie and the townsfolk, he also harbors a fair share of secrets... This time, let us elaborate on his story.

Old Man Wood used to be a citizen of the Wood Kingdom, where every tree shared a close connection. To spread such happiness around the world, the great trees were always eager to help others.

One day, a letter landed on Old Man Wood's treetop because of the wind. It was a letter from Dreamville, describing the insurmountable crisis the town was currently facing and how they needed a capable helper. Acting out of kindness, Old Man Wood immediately set off to Dreamville along with his saplings.

When Old Man Wood met the letter sender, the quirky Clockie, the two immediately hit it off and became good friends. They ended Dreamville's crisis together, and Old Man Wood emerged as a role model and pillar of support for the townsfolk.

As Dreamville became more crowded later, Old Man Wood realized the importance of expanding the territory. He had Clockie issue a recruitment post, summoning cowboys across the lands to explore the wilderness in return for rewards.<br />Yet, nothing good lasted forever. The cowboys soon turned hostile, showing signs of occupying the land themselves. Old Man Wood wanted to stop their unconscionable act, but his efforts drew fierce retaliation &mdash; the cowboys set off fireworks to damage Old Man Wood's treetop. Suppressing his anger, Old Man Wood drove the cowboys out of Dreamville.

Old Man Wood's graciousness was not appreciated... As Dreamville thrived, more and more people came, including the likes of Boss Stone's underlings and other notorious criminals. They set fire to the Town Hotel, endangering the townsfolk. Old Man Wood rushed into the hotel and rescued many townsfolk, but his trunk was burned hollow!

From then on, Old Man Wood became a changed man. He became the mayor of Dreamville, forbidding anyone from disobeying him. To keep the town safe, he turned into the sternest parent in the world. His branches and wooden sticks kept the bad guys outside at bay but also shackled the minds of the townsfolk.<br />Disappointed, Clockie established a new village at the old site of Dreamville and gathered a bunch of townsfolk that yearned for freedom, hoping to bring the lost Old Man Wood to his senses...

Old Man Wood has changed from a kind sage to a rigid fool. Times have changed. Does Dreamville still need the tree? The spinning pointers on Clockie should give us the answer...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/There is one mysterious character frequently mentioned in the previous animated stories &mdash; Old Man Wood. Although he is a well-respected figure in Dreamville much trusted by Clockie and the townsfolk, he also harbors a fair share of secrets... This time, let us elaborate on his story.

Old Man Wood used to be a mediocre official in the Wood Kingdom, where all trees spoke the same language and harbored the same mindset. The great trees believed this to be the only way, so they always forced their thoughts on the others.

One day, a letter landed on Old Man Wood's treetop because of the wind. It was a letter from Dreamville, describing the insurmountable crisis the town was currently facing and how they needed a capable helper. The arrogant Old Man Wood immediately set off to Dreamville along with his saplings.

When Old Man Wood met the letter sender, the quirky Clockie, they immediately hit it off and became good friends. The two ended Dreamville's crisis together, but the townsfolk were not a fan of Old Man Wood's stubborn and harsh side.

As Dreamville became more crowded later, Old Man Wood realized the importance of expanding the territory. He had Clockie issue a recruitment post, summoning cowboys across the lands to explore the wilderness in return for rewards.<br />Yet, nothing good lasted forever. Unhappy with Old Man Wood's strict and controlling management style, the cowboys began to disobey the meddlesome old guy. Old Man Wood couldn't stand his authority being challenged and meted out severe punishment on the cowboys who longed for freedom. In the end, the cowboys mustered up enough courage to stage a rebellion &mdash; they set off fireworks to damage Old Man Wood's treetop. Old Man Wood, left frothing at the mouth, expelled the cowboys from the town.

Unfortunately, Old Man Wood's iron fist failed to work... As Dreamville thrived, more and more people came, including the likes of Boss Stone's underlings and other notorious criminals. They set fire to the Town Hotel, endangering the townsfolk. Old Man Wood was trapped in the hotel too, but no one was willing to rescue him because he was always hard on them. In the end, his truck was burned hollow!

From then on, Old Man Wood grew even more stringent. He became the mayor of Dreamville, forbidding anyone from disobeying him. To make everyone submit to him, he turned into the sternest parent in the world, shackling the minds of the townsfolk with his branches and wooden sticks.<br />Disappointed, Clockie established a new village at the old site of Dreamville and gathered a bunch of townsfolk that yearned for freedom, hoping to bring the lost Old Man Wood to his senses...

Old Man Wood has always been a rigid fool. Undoubtedly, chopping off the decayed tree is the only way for Dreamville to see the sky obscured by its canopy.

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/There is one mysterious character frequently mentioned in the previous animated stories &mdash; Old Man Wood. Although he is a well-respected figure in Dreamville much trusted by Clockie and the townsfolk, he also harbors a fair share of secrets... This time, let us elaborate on his story.

Old Man Wood used to be a sage in the Wood Kingdom, where every tree was upright and virtuous. To spread such virtues around the world, every tree was always eager to help others.

One day, a letter landed on Old Man Wood's treetop because of the wind. It was a letter from Dreamville, describing the insurmountable crisis the town was currently facing and how they needed a capable helper. Acting out of kindness, Old Man Wood immediately set off to Dreamville along with his saplings.

When Old Man Wood met the letter sender, the quirky Clockie, the two immediately hit it off and became good friends. They ended Dreamville's crisis together, and Old Man Wood emerged as a role model and pillar of support for the townsfolk.

As Dreamville became more crowded later, Old Man Wood realized the importance of expanding the territory. He had Clockie issue a recruitment post, summoning cowboys across the lands to explore the wilderness in return for rewards.<br />Yet, nothing good lasted forever. The cowboys soon turned hostile, showing signs of occupying the land themselves. Old Man Wood wanted to stop their unconscionable act, but his efforts drew fierce retaliation &mdash; the cowboys set off fireworks to damage Old Man Wood's treetop. Suppressing his anger, Old Man Wood drove the cowboys out of Dreamville.

Old Man Wood's graciousness was not appreciated... As Dreamville thrived, more and more people came, including the likes of Boss Stone's underlings and other notorious criminals. They set fire to the Town Hotel, endangering the townsfolk. To save them, Old Man Wood rushed into the hotel and rescued many townsfolk, but his trunk was burned hollow!

Notwithstanding the incident, the noble soul within Old Man Wood's trunk remained intact. He became the mayor of Dreamville and continued to uphold his ideals. To keep the town safe, he selflessly blocked out bad guys with his branches and wooden sticks, ensuring the town could thrive under his protection.

However, Clockie misunderstood Old Man Wood, thinking that Old Man Wood used his branches and laws to restrict the townsfolk's freedom. Clockie established a new village at the old site of Dreamville and gathered a bunch of townsfolk who also had the same misconception. Old Man Wood did not hold it against them. He was certain that the misunderstanding would one day be resolved, just like how his original aspiration had never wavered...

Old Man Wood was once a kind sage, and he is still one now. In any case, Dreamville still depends on this reliable big tree for support and grows under its protection.

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.))

===''Hamster Ball Knight's Extras''===
(Hey, all eyes on this flustered little hamster! If it weren't for the medal on his chest, who would have thought he was the famous superstar in both Dreamville and Penacony &mdash; Hamster Ball Knight? This time, let us cover his story. Go, go, go, go!

In Hamsterville where Hamster Ball Knight lived, everyone was struggling to make ends meet. Not only did they not have enough food and clothes, but they also had to worry about being eaten by the huge cat. Hamster Ball Knight was bent on leaving the place since young to carve out a happier life for himself.<br />He heard of a faraway place called Dreamville, where it was rumored to be blessed with an endless supply of nuts and money to eat and spend. Without hesitation, he hit the road and made his way toward Dreamville.

The moment he set his sights upon Dreamville, he was dumbfounded &mdash; the place turned out to be cramped, shabby, and desolate! Hamster Ball Knight thought of leaving, but he was drawn to Spheroid, a unique transportation tool there. As a hamster, he found the rolling contraption irresistibly appealing.

In the days that followed, Clockie often spotted a Spheroid named "Velocinut" racing through the desert, leading the pioneer team, and winning the most bounties.

As peace was restored in Dreamville after a series of events, more and more people gathered in the town. The town had indeed expanded, but it still lacked a unique means of generating income. Bored, Clockie thought of the pioneering hamster and his Spheroid.

Clockie later organized a Spheroid race and prepared abundant prizes. Whoever finished the race quickest would get rich overnight! The race piqued the interest of Hamster Ball Knight, who signed up along with his Velocinut. Hamster Ball Knight had no match during the race because he was simply too '''fast'''! The race was tailor-made for him!

Hamster Ball Knight won the race and became flushed with cash. Shopkeeper Leaf engaged him to be the ambassador for various products. Clockie and Hamster Ball Knight became friends and often indulged in street Spheroid races in the middle of the night. Clockie never missed a race in which Hamster Ball Knight participated.

After achieving the goal of becoming rich, Hamster Ball Knight aimed to win more races, making his story more legendary...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/Hey, all eyes on this flustered little hamster! If it weren't for the medal on his chest, who would have thought he was the famous superstar in both Dreamville and Penacony &mdash; Hamster Ball Knight? This time, let us cover his story. Go, go, go, go!

In Hamsterville where Hamster Ball Knight lived, everyone lived a lonely and isolated life. As the hamsters there only cared about living their own lives, they cared little about others and had no idea what *love* meant. Hamster Ball Knight was bent on leaving the place since little and carve out a happier life for himself.<br />He heard of a faraway place called Dreamville, where the residents were rumored to be affectionate and united. Without hesitation, he hit the road and made his way toward Dreamville.

But the moment he set his sights upon Dreamville, he was dumbfounded &mdash; the people there were no different from those in Hamsterville! The people only cared about their own future, and there were constant conflicts between the cowboys and the townsfolk! Hamster Ball Knight thought of leaving, but he was drawn to Spheroid, the unique transportation tool there. As a hamster, he found the rolling contraption irresistibly appealing.<br />In the days that followed, Clockie often spotted a Spheroid named "Velocinut" racing through the desert, leading the pioneer team and earning the cowboys' admiration.

As peace was restored in Dreamville after a series of events, more and more people gathered in the town. Although the town had expanded with more residents, it still lacked something that could captivate the townsfolk's affection. Just then, the bored Clockie thought of the galloping pioneering hamster and his Spheroid.

Clockie organized a Spheroid race and invited lots of spectators. Whoever finished the race quickest would garner the countless townsfolk's respect! The race piqued the interest of Hamster Ball Knight, who signed up along with his Velocinut. Hamster Ball Knight had no match during the race because he was simply too *fast*! The race was almost tailor-made for him!

Hamster Ball Knight won the race and became a popular idol. Miss Note also invited him to join her band. Clockie and Hamster Ball Knight became friends and often rode in Spheroids together down the road in the middle of the night. Clockie never missed a race Hamster Ball Knight participated in.

After achieving the goal of becoming well-loved, Hamster Ball Knight would aim to win more races, making his story more legendary...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.)/Hey, all eyes on this flustered little hamster! If it weren't for the medal on his chest, who would have thought he was the famous superstar in both Dreamville and Penacony &mdash; Hamster Ball Knight? This time, let us cover his story. Go, go, go, go!

In Hamsterville where Hamster Ball Knight lived, everyone lived a dull life. As the hamsters there did not know how to have fun, their lives were boring, and they had no idea what *excitement* felt like. Hamster Ball Knight was bent on leaving the place since little to carve out a more exciting life for himself.<br />He heard of a faraway place called Dreamville, where games, challenges, and contests abound! It'll definitely be exciting! Without hesitation, he hit the road and made his way toward Dreamville.

But the moment he set his sights upon Dreamville, he was dumbfounded &mdash; there was nothing exciting there. The town was just a poor rundown place with an endless stretch of desert. How was he supposed to have fun? Hamster Ball Knight thought of leaving, but he was drawn to Spheroid, the unique transportation tool there. As a hamster, he found the rolling contraption irresistibly appealing.

In the days that followed, Clockie often spotted a Spheroid named "Velocinut" racing through the desert, leading the pioneer team, with the rider constantly shouting "Go, go, go, go!" The rider really seemed to enjoy the journey.

As peace was restored in Dreamville after a series of events, more and more people gathered in the town. Although the town had expanded, it still lacked things that were fun enough. Then, the bored Clockie thought of the galloping pioneering hamster and his Spheroid.

Clockie later organized a Spheroid race and put in a lot of effort to design a complicated racetrack. Whoever participated in the race would experience a journey full of thrills! The race piqued the interest of Hamster Ball Knight, who signed up along with his Velocinut. Hamster Ball Knight had no match during the race because he was simply too *fast*! The race was almost tailor-made for him!

Hamster Ball Knight won the race and enjoyed the most exciting experience in his life. Participating in races became the top priority in his life. Clockie and Hamster Ball Knight became friends and often rode in Spheroids together down the road in the middle of the night. Clockie never missed a race Hamster Ball Knight participated in.

After achieving the goal of having fun and excitement, Hamster Ball Knight aimed to win more races, making his story more legendary...

(Note: The content of this passage does not exist in the same timeline as the canonical events. For canon, please refer to ''Clockie'' and ''Dreamjoy Memoir''.))

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Dreamjoy Memoir Extras''
|zhs  = 《美梦往事外传》
|zht  = 《美夢往事外傳》
|ja   = 『往日の美しき夢外伝』
|ko   = ≪좋은꿈의 과거 외전≫
|es   = «Historias derivadas de Dulces sueños del pasado»
|fr   = ''Séries dérivées d'Au fil des beaux rêves''
|ru   = Дополнительные материалы «Мемуаров о сладких грёзах»
|th   = "ภาคเสริม: กาลครั้งหนึ่งในความฝัน"
|vi   = "Ngoại Truyện Hồi Ký Mộng Đẹp"
|de   = „Spin-off: Süße Träume der Vergangenheit“
|id   = "Cerita Sampingan Kenangan Mimpi Indah"
|pt   = "Bônus de Memórias de Sonhótimo"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}