<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hanu's Adventure (Readable)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 301
|partIds      = 190556;190557;190558;190559;190560;190619;190620;190621;190622;190631;190632
|title        = ''Hanu's Adventure''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 11
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A limited edition cartoon storybook released by Clock Studios, narrating a tale where Hanu shrinks in size and saves Dreamville... The book includes occasional peculiar dialogue interspersed throughout.
|part1        = Preface
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Part 1, Chapter 1
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Part 1, Chapter 2
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = Part 1, Chapter 3
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part5        = Part 1, Chapter 4
|source5      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part6        = Part 2 Chapter 1
|source6      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part7        = Part 2 Chapter 2
|source7      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part8        = Part 2 Chapter 3
|source8      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part9        = Part 2 Chapter 4
|source9      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part10       = Part 3, Chapter 1
|source10     = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part11       = Part 3, Chapter 2
|source11     = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Interastral Peace Corporation; Penacony
}}
'''''Hanu's Adventure''''' is a 11-part [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Preface===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Preface}}</div>

This story belongs to the coolest guy in the ''Clockie'' cartoon. He's full of sharp wit, sticks to his morals, tenacious and brave, undaunted by danger, often helping his friends out of bad situations, and has thwarted Boss Stone's plots countless times... He's Clockie's most trustworthy comrade, the baddies' most-feared opponent, the beloved great hero of Dreamville... Brother Hanu!

Always garbed in a stylish coat, with a suave dress hat over his head and shades to conceal his piercing gaze, he patrols Dreamville wordlessly. He's more composed than the erudite Professor Owl, more decisive than the revered Old Man Wood, and more popular than the flamboyant Miss Note.

''"Twenty-two 'crocodiles' came this time, all bringing their heavy 'tails' with them."''

In the previous story, Brother Hanu defeated the Buzzflies plaguing Dreamville, but the despicable Boss Stone capitalized on this chaos and stole the shrinking machine that Professor Owl invented. In this newly-arisen threat that Dreamville faces, Brother Hanu has been turned into Mini-Hanu by the shrinking machine, and can't defeat Boss Stone with his once-mighty strength.

''"■■■, are you riding out personally?"''

But don't underestimate Brother Hanu's wit! This suave, silent lad isn't just some savage musclehead. This time, he is going to be just like his old friend, Clockie &mdash; even if burdened by his miniature physique, he'll use his brains and guile to defeat Boss Stone, wrest back Dreamville from the villain, and return it to everyone.

''A very cool *Hmph*.''<br />
''"Oh you, always so dashing."''

===Part 1, Chapter 1===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter One}}</div>

Once the Buzzflies left Dreamville, this haven once again regained its joy and laughter. One fine day, Clockie was once again at the plaza pulling off his usual pranks.

"Augh!!! Clockie, you mischievous brat, tweet! I'm going to get you this time!"

The angry red birdie pursued Clockie relentlessly, pecking away at him at every chance. It was the origami bird with the worst temper &mdash; Clockie REALLY got under its feathers this time.

"Tick-tock! Boss Red, please stop it! All I did was give Professor Owl's statue a makeover! I'm sure he won't mind!"

''"Nonsense! Of course he will! They must never be allowed to enter ■■■■■■■■! This is the home that we've toiled away for, spending untold blood, sweat, and tears to build."''

It's just as Clockie said &mdash; Professor Owl's statue was an atrocious mess of colors, especially the dial on his face. Both hands looked like he had grown extra needle-thin whiskers &mdash; a truly comical sight.

"Ahem, Clockie, Professor Owl is the origami birds' teacher and one who made great contributions to the foundation of our Dreamville. You must not offend him."

Old Man Wood, the person who liked to lecture the most in town, hobbled over with tree roots in hand. Following behind him was the "super-cool" Brother Hanu.

"*cough* Brother Hanu, you say something to him as well." Old Man Wood said.

"Hmph." Brother Hanu emitted an aloof sound, with that perennially cool demeanor of his.

''"Abandon our plan to lure the enemy deep into our lines? But the difference between our forces is..."''

But this hmph made both Clockie and Boss Red instantly cease their bickering.

"Tick-tock, sorry... I'll clean up the statue right now..." The minute hand on Clockie's dial drooped, and he lowered his clock face.

In the eyes of Clockie, Brother Hanu wasn't just his bestie, but also his arch nemesis &mdash; he would never want to cross this stone-cold, dead-pan wolf.

''"I understand, but you have to come back safe... ■■■■■■■■ won't be the same without you."''

Brother Hanu nodded in approval as he watched Clockie remove the clock hands from the statue as instructed. He turned away to leave the plaza, disappearing into the shadows of an alley alone.

To him, quelling the town's disputes is but a trifle. The real trouble lies with evildoers who would threaten the town's peace &mdash; they would not be so easily deterred with a simple grunt.

And so, Brother Hanu must be on high alert every single day, scouring every nook and cranny in Dreamville to eliminate the evils that lurk in dark corners. But it is this very meticulousness that allowed Boss Stone to swoop in...

''A confident *hmph*.''

===Part 1, Chapter 2===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Two}}</div>

Hanu stumbled across a peculiar television in the corner of a street in Dreamville.

Hanu sized up the television suspiciously. His intuition told him that it must belong to the Origami Birds and Professor Owl, the only candidates who would tinker with such a complicated machine. Compared to watching TV, the other townspeople prefer enjoying Miss Note's performance at the theater.

Hanu decided to return the television to Professor Owl after some consideration. However, a strange wave of electricity surged through his body the moment he touched the television. He realized that something was terribly wrong, but it was all too late. Following a sinister and boorish laughter, the scenery before Hanu started to distort...

"Hahahaha, Hanu, you took the bait! I knew you couldn't stop yourself from touching that thing!"

''"■■■! All the 'crocodiles' will be swimming your way!" ''<br />
''"Stop going any further! This is a trap!"''

When Hanu's vision cleared up, he noticed that the sky has suddenly turned overcast. The sun that was shining brightly moments before was nowhere to be seen... Wait a minute. Something is covering the sun!

He looked up and finds himself coming face-to-face with a gaping mouth. It belongs to the greatest nemesis of Dreamville: Boss Stone!

Boss Stone is very tall indeed, but he's never been so huge that he can easily crush Hanu with his foot. Boss Stone, with his mouth wide open, lunged at Hanu, but Hanu was agile enough to dodge the sneak attack with a roll. With a groan, Boss Stone fell to the ground.

''(Thunderous sounds of explosions and collisions)''

"Despicable Hanu! Just you wait!"

Hanu ran off without turning back. Even though he was as agile as a wolf, he still found himself bewildered by the situation. How come Boss Stone had become so enormous? Why did the surroundings look so foreign to him? Could he be still inside the trap set by Boss Stone?

What on earth is going on?

''An agonizing grunt.''

===Part 1, Chapter 3===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Three}}</div>

Hanu soon discovered the truth &mdash; Boss Stone didn't become bigger. It was he who had dwindled in size!

This did not bode well, given that Hanu had always relied on his strength to overcome Boss Stone. Now that he had turned so small and couldn't even carry the launcher of the Hanu Missile, how was he supposed to handle Boss Stone?

While Hanu was still struggling to comprehend the situation, Boss Stone kicked off his evil scheme. All houses were made of precious gems in Dreamville, and are therefore treasures desired by Boss Stone. With his underling little crocodiles, he barged into Dreamville brazenly and started demolishing the houses of the residents.

Without Hanu's protection, the vulnerable residents could only cower in corners. The Origami Birds that built those houses gathered on the paper tree and started tweeting at Boss Stone in protest.

''"These scoundrels are planning to land via the residential area... There's no way to open fire at all!"''

"Hahaha, make as much noise as you want! Hanu won't come to your rescue anymore! All the gems in Dreamville will be mine!"

Boss Stone laughed like a maniac, watching Dreamville turn into a wreck. This had been his most successful raid against Dreamville since he set his eyes on the town. The stocky crocodile strutted around with his belly sticking out like a victorious general. When he walked past the plaza, he immediately caught sight of Professor Owl's statue.

"Listen up, this silly bird's statue is made of premium material! Bring the whole thing back! I'm going to turn it into a statue of myself!"

Just as the small crocodiles were ready to make a move on the statue, an unexpected figure emerged to block their way...

"Tick-tock! Stop it, jerks! Brace yourselves for my Clockwork!"

It was Clockie! Clockie would never allow anyone else to wreak havoc in Dreamville! He alone was the only troublemaker in town!

Clockie tried moving his minute hand with his finger to launch his Clockwork. Everything in Dreamville could come under the control of his dial, and he could even alter everyone's thoughts and turn back time! Thanks to this magical power, Clockie became the people's savior just like Hanu.

Nevertheless, Hanu is still the protagonist of this story.

Before Clockie could move his minute hand, the small crocodiles working for Boss Stone beat him to it by pouring a bucket of odd liquid all over his head.

"Tick... tock... What's wrong... Why can't I move it..." Clockie's body became sticky and his minute hand was stuck to the dial.

''"Indeed, I'm still no match for you when it comes to commanding a battle. ■■■... Please stay safe."''

"Haha, Clockie! This super adhesive glue is specially prepared for you! You can stay here and be the new statue!"

"Tick-tock..."

As the glue dried up, poor Clockie was stuck to the ground of the plaza. The residents in hiding were panic-stricken and could only pin their hopes on the still-absent Hanu.

Where exactly was Hanu now?

''"Hold on. I think I heard him just now..."''<br />
''A low grunt.''

===Part 1, Chapter 4===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Four}}</div>

Boss Stone had occupied Dreamville and taken over Old Man Wood's mansion. His room was filled to the brim with looted gems.

"Dreamville shall be called Stoneville in the future... Wait, the name isn't grand enough. It should be Stone Empire instead, hahaha!"

Boss Stone was drooling from his ravenous mouth, so carried away by the rosy picture he painted of the future that he had forgotten about a problem he had yet to solve...

Meanwhile, on the border of Dreamville, the hardworking Professor Owl was still engrossed in designing new buildings for the town. Unaware that his past works were being destroyed by Boss Stone, he was leisurely searching for stones suitable to construct houses.

''"■■■■■■, how are you doing?"''<br />
''"I knew you wouldn't go down with that hunk of repurposed Spheroid trash."''

Suddenly, Professor Owl came across a moving stone. It piqued his curiosity as he had never seen a stone that could move on its own in his long years of living. He quickly flew over, picked up the stone with his beak, and was surprised by its soft and fluffy texture. As it turned out, it was Hanu!

Professor Owl immediately put Hanu down and asked in a puzzled voice, "Cuckoo, how did you turn so small, Hanu? You're even smaller than my students!"

Hanu let out a resigned grunt.

Professor Owl quickly put two and two together and figured out everything. He lost the shrinking machine he invented during the invasion of the Old Buzzflies, (Note: This story is part of the ''Clockie & Old Buzzflies'' animated series. The relevant dream bubble episodes are available for purchase in all major Dreamscapes.) and it might have fallen into the wrong hands, leading to Hanu's transformation.

''"You're pretty lucky to have crashed into the enemy's main ship."''<br />
''"But I don't think you're fit to fight anymore, judging from your injuries..."''

"Cuckoo, only a shrinking machine can change you back. If Boss Stone has it, you'll be in hot water..." Even someone as smart as Professor Owl was at his wit's end.

However, Hanu didn't see it as an insurmountable problem. If getting back to his original size was the only way to rescue Dreamville, then he would do everything he could to achieve that. If he must defeat Boss Stone in the process, then he would give it his all to achieve it with his petite body!

Seeing Hanu's determined eyes behind his sunglasses, Professor Owl knew that Hanu had made up his mind.

''"Wait. Is he going to execute the plan inside a "crocodile's" abdomen while he's injured? This is outrageous!"<br />
"But then again, he's right. We have no other options left."''

"I've got it, cuckoo. Your courage is impressive! You're truly the hero of Dreamville, cuckoo!"

Professor Owl had decided to help Hanu defeat Boss Stone. Firstly, he sent the Origami Birds to investigate Boss Stone's location. Then, he had the birds set up various mechanisms that could give Hanu a boost.

When everything was all set, Professor Owl picked up Hanu again. Professor Owl, as well as all the Origami Birds, believed that this light and diminutive figure would rescue Dreamville.

"Let's go! I'll help you defeat Boss Stone, cuckoo!"

Hanu nodded and flew in the direction of Dreamville with the flock of birds.

''"I've got it... I'll count on you to carry everyone's dream once again."''<br />
''A firm grunt.''

===Part 2 Chapter 1===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter One}}</div>

Professor Owl struggled to flap his wings, finally returning Brother Hanu to Dreamville.

The once-prosperous Dreamville lay in a state of disrepair, with ugly sculptures of Boss Stone scattered everywhere. Crocodiles roamed the streets, brazenly causing trouble for the residents...

They wreaked havoc, destroying the houses that the Origami Birds meticulously built, kicked over Miss Note's splendid stage, gulping down all of Mr. Soda's sodas, and messing around with Old Man Wood's carefully trimmed canopy.

''"Professor ■■■■, the crocodiles have invaded the Dreamscape."''<br />
''"Really...? Well, maybe they've made an unwise choice."''

Witnessing the chaotic scene, Brother Hanu recalled the time when this place was once the Nightmareville, letting out a *hmph* in fury. He vowed to defeat the villainous Boss Stone despite his diminished size.

Professor Owl, witnessing his student being bullied, also grew furious. "Hoot-Hoot... We'll teach that cursed Boss Stone a lesson, Brother Hanu! Let me assist you!"

Professor Owl soared to the rooftop of the Town Hotel, a location hidden from Boss Stone's view. He hooted, summoning all the Origami Birds in town. These little helpers painted the sky with vibrant colors.

''"Professor ■■■■, how did you manage to let the Nightingale..."''<br />
''"Hehe, have faith in these youngsters. No one knows about weapons in the Dreamscape better than they do."''

Boss Stone and his minions were taken aback by the overwhelming number of Origami Birds. They've never seen so many birds.<br />
Professor Owl handed them some secret blueprints, and after reading them, the birds wiped away their tears, regained their spirits, and began working on top of the houses occupied by Boss Stone.

Before Boss Stone could react, the entire town underwent a transformation thanks to the Origami birds. Mr. Soda's bottle shack turned into a formidable cannon, Miss Note's gala cruise became a battleship, and even Old Man Wood's oak mansion transformed into a wooden dinosaur ready to devour crocodiles.

''"This is so cool, Professor! We should make more of these in the Dreamscape!"''<br />
''"...No."''

Boss Stone and his minions trembled in terror, overwhelmed by the creations of the Origami Birds. They sought refuge inside Town Hotel.

This caused Professor Owl to worry. The hotel was the most magnificent building in Dreamville and the most profitable business in town. It must not be damaged!

Seeing the formidable weapons halting at the gate, hesitant to attack, Boss Stone understood the birds' worries and let out a sinister laughter. "Hahaha, you dare not attack me, you stupid birds! Minions, come to me! Toss some lit matches and torch these monsters down to ashes!"

The crocodiles hurled the ignited matches at the Origami Birds' weapons, reducing them to ashes.

''"Repelling them in the Dreamscape is just a temporary solution... Even if we defeat the crocodiles here, our firepower disadvantage in reality remains desperate. If we lose the central sector, all the kids in the Dreamscape will be in danger..."''<br />
''"Don't worry, Professor ■■■■. We still have Hanunue!"''

Oh, right. Brother Hanu has returned, and he is the protagonist of this tale!<br />
However, with his tiny size, how is Brother Hanu expected to defeat those colossal crocodiles with their fearsome jaws?

Professor Owl furrowed his brow, the Origami Birds sighed with concern, and even Clockie, transformed into a statue, reflected worry in his eyes. However, Brother Hanu remained resolute, his expression unwavering as he silently advanced toward the hotel.

''He let out a confident *hmph*!''

===Part 2 Chapter 2===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Two}}</div>

''"Most of their forces are probably deployed on the front lines, but they definitely have some troops guarding their main vessel. So, be careful, Hanunue."''

Hanu infiltrated the hotel unarmed while Boss Stone's minions patrolled the corridors, fearful that someone might steal the treasures amassed by their boss here.

Thanks to his small stature, Brother Hanu skillfully evaded the villains within the hotel, his eyes scanning for any signs of Boss Stone.

Upon entering the lobby, Brother Hanu spotted Lieutenant Chitters, Boss Stone's trusted sidekick. Lieutenant Chitters was an even larger crocodile than Boss Stone, creating an impenetrable barrier that not even a mosquito could pass through.

Before, a single shot from the Hanu Launcher would have dealt with this big oaf. Now, however, Hanu needs to come up with another plan.

''"I trust in your abilities, but with your current stature, it's best to not go head-to-head with someone in high-grade IPC battlesuit..."''

What now?<br />
As Hanu hid atop a storage shelf to brainstorm, Lieutenant Chitters suddenly came walking over.

"Chit-chit. Hm. I think I smell the scent of a wolf!"

Confronted with the approaching Lieutenant Chitters, Brother Hanu had no means of evasion. A clash became inevitable!<br />
Bracing himself for the battle, Brother Hanu lunged at Lieutenant Chitters...

However, Lieutenant Chitters didn't even notice the tiny Brother Hanu and accidentally swallowed him whole in an instant! Had Brother Hanu been devoured?

''Clamorous sounds of mechanical collisions, roaring, and gunshots.''

"Chit! Is something wrong with my nose?" The dumb crocodile glanced left and right, scratching his head in confusion.<br />
Lieutenant Chitters felt something between his teeth but paid it no mind. After all, this sloppy crocodile never bothered to floss his teeth, and that's how Brother Hanu escaped his jaws.

Brother Hanu deftly maneuvered between Lieutenant Chitters's razor-sharp teeth and made his way through the dangerous mouth, hiding inside a tooth cavity!

''"I told you not to engage in a head-on clash, Hanunue! You really should have listened!"''<br />
''"Alright, Professor, we both know his style... Well, now that you're inside the mecha, you won't rouse any suspicion from the guards, and the life support devices contained within will help you address your injuries."''

With that, Hanu found the best hiding spot.

===Part 2 Chapter 3===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Three}}</div>

Brother Hanu managed to stay safe, but simply hiding in wouldn't cut it. He had to find Boss Stone and defeat him, or else Dreamville would be taken over by the crocodiles.<br />
However, how could Brother Hanu locate Boss Stone while trapped inside Lieutenant Chitters's tooth cavity?

Not to worry though: Our cool hero Hanu will always find a way.

''"Yeah, he always finds a way. After all, he's the head of the Bloodhounds and the legendary rebel who has sparked countless revolutions."''

Inside Lieutenant Chitters's mouth, Brother Hanu meditated, but the crocodile's terrible breath assaulted his delicate nose. Unable to bear it any longer, he let out a disgusted *hmph*.

"Chit! Brother Hanu! I heard Brother Hanu's voice!" The *hmph* startled Lieutenant Chitters, who anxiously searched every corner for Brother Hanu but to no avail.

Watching Lieutenant Chitters's funny reaction, Brother Hanu came up with a brilliant idea!<br />
He kept making noises inside Lieutenant Chitters's mouth, confusing the crocodile more and more.

''"They know someone has infiltrated their capital ship. A portion of their forces are returning to defend."''<br />
''"Be careful, Hanunue... But I think they won't expect to find you hiding in the armored mechs that are looking for the prisoner."''

"Chit-Chit! Where are you, Brother Hanu!?" Lieutenant Chitters frantically searched, almost tearing the hotel upside down. He sensed Brother Hanu's presence right next to him, but couldn't find that cool dark figure no matter what.

"Lieutenant! Brother Hanu's voice is coming from you!" Lieutenant Chitters's sidekick noticed the situation and informed the not-so-brainy boss.<br />
"Chit! Could Brother Hanu... be hiding on me!?"

Lieutenant Chitters stripped himself naked, hoping to find Brother Hanu, but he was still nowhere to be found.<br />
Meanwhile, Brother Hanu continued to make noises in his mouth, pushing Lieutenant Chitters closer to a mental breakdown.

"Chit! Could it be that Brother Hanu has learned to become invisible? If that's the case, I must report to Boss Stone immediately!"<br />
In a panicked state, Lieutenant Chitters raced up the stairs while naked. This was all part of Brother Hanu's plan, and soon he would confront Boss Stone with no effort of his own.

''"The command center is on this floor... You really are a genius, Hanunue."''

===Part 2 Chapter 4===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Four}}</div>

"Chit! Boss Stone! Terrible news, chit!"<br />
Lieutenant Chitters burst into the opulent suite, shouting in panic. Boss Stone, still dreaming in his grand bubble bed, was abruptly awakened by the sight of a naked, chubby crocodile standing before him.

"What are you doing, you idiot!?" Seethed with fury, Boss Stone unleashed a powerful smack of his tail upon Lieutenant Chitters's face, knocking out his teeth.<br />
Brother Hanu, who had been hiding in a tooth cavity, was propelled out as well. Seizing the opportunity, Brother Hanu swiftly found refuge in the corner of Boss Stone's room, ready to strike like a wolf.

''"The enemy's main forces are returning to reinforce, Hanunue. Are you holding up well?"''<br />
''A confident *hmph*.''

"Chit-Chit... Brother Hanu has returned, Boss Stone! And he's become invisible! I only heard his cool *hmph* but couldn't find him anywhere!"<br />
Lieutenant Chitters' mention of the name "Brother Hanu" sent a shiver down Boss Stone's spine. "That cursed Brother Hanu... I see. Now, get out of here, and next time, wear your pants before coming to me!"

After dismissing Lieutenant Chitters, Boss Stone grew increasingly anxious. Although he had shrunk Brother Hanu to a tiny size, he knew that Brother Hanu was still the valiant hero of Dreamville!

Boss Stone unlocked his safe and looked at the Hanu Launcher he had stashed away. He sighed in relief when he thought how Brother Hanu was even smaller than his own teeth right now.

"You hear this, Brother Hanu? Even if you've come back, there's no way you can defeat me in your tiny form!" Boss Stone bellowed, believing that Brother Hanu would hear his words... And indeed, Brother Hanu did.

''"You've found the ammunition warehouse? But even with enough ammunition, you just can't eliminate all these 'crocodiles,' can you?"''<br />
''A disdainful *hmph*.''

Boss Stone returned to his dreams on his large bed, but uneasiness plagued him. He slept restlessly, as his beautiful dream turned into a nightmare due to that scare.<br />
Emerging from the shadows, Brother Hanu stepped forward and opened the cabinet, which now appeared hundreds of times larger than him. He stepped inside...

''"What did you say... Wait, Hanunue! No!"''<br />
''A chuckling *hmph*.''

The Hanu Launcher was right in front of him. Tiny Brother Hanu struggled to carry the ammunition and load it into the weapon.

''"Stop it, Hanunue! You can't do that!"''<br />
''A disapproving *hmph*.''

The noise from the cabinet awakened Boss Stone once again.<br />
"Could it be... that Brother Hanu is really here?" Fear gripped Boss Stone as he gulped and rose from his bed.<br />
"No fear, my brothers! He's now so tiny that we can crush him in a single bite!" Boss Stone called out to all of his fellow crocodiles, all of whom huddled together in the room, near the cabinet...

''"Don't go, Hanunue... What should I do without you in Penacony...?"''<br />
''A resigned *hmph*.''

The crocodiles opened the cabinet, only to be confronted with the dark muzzle of the launcher and tiny Brother Hanu standing beside the firing button.

''"I'm sure you can do it, because you are 'the Watchmaker'."''

Brother Hanu let out a cool *hmph* and stepped on the firing button.

''A cool *hmph*.''<br />
''A deafening explosion, followed by absolute silence.''

===Part 3, Chapter 1===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter One}}</div>

BOOM!

Brother Hanu's powerful launcher blows Boss Stone away, but it also ignites the fireworks stored within the mansion.<br />
The violent explosion shatters every window in town, toppling several houses. The force of the impact sends the immobile Clockie hurtling into a nearby pond, finally granting him the freedom to move once more!

"Tick-tock! Brother Hanu! Where are you, Brother Hanu!?"

Back then, while Clockie was firmly attached to the town square, he still witnessed everything that happened within the town. He saw how Mini-Hanu infiltrated Boss Stone's fortress and witnessed that violent explosion. Not even stopping to pour out the water in his dial, Clockie sprints towards the origin of the explosion...

Amidst the scattered debris, Clockie discovers nothing more than a small hat.

''"Hanunue... but why? If you don't wake up now, Penacony will..."''<br />
''"Pull yourself together, 'Watchmaker.' Someone must maintain control of the situation... If a wolf pack suddenly loses its leader, chaos is bound to ensue."''

The townsfolk cautiously emerge from their hiding places, their curiosity piqued by the abrupt silence that has befallen the streets. All the crocodiles that once roamed the town have vanished, leaving only Clockie amidst the ruins, shedding inconsolable tears.

"Clockie, Clockie, did you kick Boss Stone's tush?"<br />
"Clockie, Clockie, where has Brother Hanu gone?"

Clockie understands that the townsfolk seek reassurance now that they have just become free of Boss Stone's terror. And so, this time, Clockie tells them a lie yet again...

''"Is that true, Mr. 'Watchmaker'?"''<br />
''"Yes. The family head Hanunue sustained grave injuries during the previous defensive battle and will be temporarily unable to fulfill his duties. But rest assured, Hanunue will continue making significant decisions for Penacony."''

"Tick-tock, don't worry! Brother Hanu has just kicked Boss Stone's derriere and is now resting! It won't be long before you see his '''cool''' figure in the town once more!"

Reassured by Clockie's words, everyone casts aside their fears and revels in the grand victory, knowing that they finally kicked out Boss Stone. They believe the terrible big crocodile won't trouble Dreamville again anytime soon after this defeat.<br />
They throw a grand celebration in honor of Brother Hanu, even though he himself is absent. Everyone enjoys a cheerful time... except for Clockie.

That night, Clockie's mind is burdened with thoughts that keep him awake until the early hours.<br />
In his dreams, Clockie finds himself standing in a vast desert, with Brother Hanu positioned at the far end, gazing up at the sky.

"Tick-tock! Where have you been, Brother Hanu?"<br />
"Come back to us, Brother Hanu! Dreamville simply can't exist without you!"

In silence, Brother Hanu only watches as Clockie runs towards him, then gently removes his hat.

''"Hmph, it's beautiful here, don't you think?"''<br />
''"Yeah, is that why you don't want to wake up?"''<br />
''"No, the reason I don't want to wake up... is because all of you are sleeping so deeply."''<br />
''"I..."''<br />
''"Then come here and rest, 'Watchmaker.' If you lack the courage to face the nightmares, then seek refuge in sweet dreams for now..."''

''"But remember, as long as this is a dream, you'll have to wake up from it sooner or later."''

He lets out a really cool sounding *hmph*.

Then Clockie awakens, his clock face adorned with a tear stain.

===Part 3, Chapter 2===
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Chapter Two}}</div>

Since Brother Hanu disappeared, Boss Stone has never returned to plague the town. However, he has dishonorably blocked Dreamville's shipping routes. The stones can't be sold to outsiders, and vital resources cannot be shipped in.

"Clockie, Clockie! We're starving!"<br />
"Clockie, Clockie! Get Brother Hanu to do something!"

But what can Clockie do if Brother Hanu doesn't come back?<br />
The situation in Dreamville grows more serious each day, and the townsfolk are all urging Clockie to take action. However, no matter how his clock hands spin round and round, he cannot find a better solution.<br />
Soon, Shopkeeper Leaf in town comes up with a terrible idea. He writes a letter to Boss Stone, wanting to tell Stone about Brother Hanu's disappearance &mdash; working to dig stones is better than starving to death!

However, Shopkeeper Leaf's secret is discovered by Leafy, whom he had raised with his own hands. Leafy wastes no time in alerting Clockie and the others.<br />
Shopkeeper Leaf is apprehended, and the furious townsfolk interrogate this traitor, eagerly discussing his punishment.

''"Esteemed heads of the families, this time we need to discuss how to deal with Lakkika from the Alfalfa Family."''<br />
''"We have uncovered the truth about the White Desert Incident from before. He must take responsibility for the fall of the Blackplum Family and countless Fruits."''<br />
''"Heh, perhaps he's also the one who summoned the IPC's fleet here last time."''<br />
''"Nevertheless, Lakkika's contributions to Penacony cannot be ignored. Therefore, I propose we imprison him..."''<br />
''"Kill him."''<br />
''"But..."''<br />
''"If Hanunue were here, that's what he would do."''

Everyone said that, if Brother Hanu were here, he would undoubtedly deliver severe punishments to Shopkeeper Leaf!<br />
Clockie originally wishes to spare his former friend, but he cannot go against all the enraged townsfolk. With a heavy heart, he plucks off all the leaves from Shopkeeper Leaf. Leafy takes charge of his father's shop, distributing the delicious leaves to alleviate the hunger of the townsfolk.<br />
However, the leaves are quickly consumed, and the crisis in Dreamville persists. Clockie summons a few companions from the Compass, hoping their collective wisdom will devise a solution.

''"Fear not. With the guidance of Grandpa Glaux and the knowledge of Remembrance, we shall unravel the secrets of the Dreamscape."''

Mirror Princess led her Origami Birds into the wilderness to build the land, only to be shattered by pieces by monsters.

''"Heh, don't worry so much. Family Head Kelbeck and his Lampmoths understand Trailblaze more than you do. Just prepare to add some new routes to his charts."''

Captain Revolver embarked on an adventure in a dark cave with the little butterflies, only to disappear into its abyssal depths.

In the end, Clockie finds himself alone at the center of Dreamville.<br />
Tears stream down his face once more. "I'm just a crybaby," he laments. "If only I could be Brother Hanu!" He tries to imitate Brother Hanu's *hmph*, but it doesn't sound cool at all.

"Tick-tock... No, no, if I were Brother Hanu, I wouldn't cry!"

''"But you're not him. You can't be like him."''<br />
''"No, I'm not. I must surpass him."''

From that night forward, Clockie delves into Professor Owl's scrolls, determined to uncover the secrets of the desert. He retrieves Mirror Princess's map, seeking allies who can aid the town. And he grasps Captain Revolver's pistol and begins patrolling the town...

"Tick-tock. One day, I'll be even cooler than you!"

In Dreamville's desert, which is about to be explored, a '''cool''' figure is gazing at the dedicated Clockie and emits a cool "hmph."

''A cool '''hmph'''.''


<br />

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Hanu's Adventure''
|zhs  = 《小小哈努行动》
|zht  = 《小小哈努行動》
|ja   = 『ちびっ子ハヌの大作戦』
|ko   = ≪꼬마 하누의 작전≫
|es   = «Aventura de Hanu»
|fr   = ''Aventures de Hanu''
|ru   = «Приключения Хану»
|th   = "ปฏิบัติการของลูกพี่ Hanu"
|vi   = Cuộc Phiêu Lưu Của Hanu
|de   = „Hanus Abenteuer“
|id   = "Petualangan Hanu"
|pt   = "Aventuras de Hanu"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}