<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Memory Zone Meme Victim List Snippet#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 304
|partIds      = 190563
|title        = ''Memory Zone Meme Victim List Snippet''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 3.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A handwritten snippet with a list of Memory Zone Meme victims on it &mdash; one of the sealed secrets of The Family. The informant's encryption of its content has been deciphered.
|part1        = ''Memory Zone Meme Victim List Snippet''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Pepeshi
}}
'''''Memory Zone Meme Victim List Snippet''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|+3|<div align="center">Warning: The information below is</div>}}<br />
{{Size|+9|<div align="center">Highly Confidential</div>}}


Bernis, male human. He sustained a head injury when swimming in the Moment of Dusk and was abducted by an unknown meme while being given medical assistance. The paramedics have undergone the memory erasure procedure.

Mia, female Pepeshi. She was abducted by an unknown meme when playing hide-and-seek with her friends in the Moment of Sol. Her friends have undergone the memory erasure procedure.

Isabella, female human. She went missing while taking a bath in the Moment of Stars. The gramophone next to the bathtub was playing the ''Moonglow Sonata'' by the celebrated Intellitron musician, Beeshoven.

Velum, male Intellitron. He was abducted by an unknown meme after kissing his girlfriend in the Blue Hour. His girlfriend has undergone the memory erasure procedure.

''Given that the victims are of different races, from different places, and exhibited different behaviors when they were taken away, the pattern to make someone a target of the meme remains indeterminate at the moment.''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Memory Zone Meme Victim List Snippet''
|zhs  = 《忆域迷因受害者名单片段》
|zht  = 《憶域迷因受害者名單片段》
|ja   = 『記憶域ミームの被害者リストの一部』
|ko   = ≪기억의 영역 밈 피해자 명단 일부≫
|es   = «Fragmento de la lista de víctimas del Meme de la Zona de los Recuerdos»
|fr   = ''Extrait de la liste des victimes de la Créature mémorielle''
|ru   = Фрагмент списка жертв мема зоны воспоминаний
|th   = รายชื่อเหยื่อของ Memory Zone Meme
|vi   = "Đoạn Danh Sách Người Bị Hại Meme Vùng Hồi Ức"
|de   = „Schnipsel mit der Liste der Opfer des Speicherbereich-Mems“
|id   = "Cuplikan Daftar Korban Memory Zone Meme"
|pt   = "Recorte da Lista de Vítimas do Mimema da Zona da Memória"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}