<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Night of Burning Dreams Script#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 354
|partIds      = 190644
|title        = ''Night of Burning Dreams'' Script
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A biographical drama created by the Iris Family. It depicts just the tip of the iceberg of the Dreammaster's majestic character.
|part1        = ''Night of Burning Dreams'' Script
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Night of Burning Dreams'' Script''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''This play, written and performed by the Iris Family, showcases the noble character of the Dreammaster within the turmoil of the Dreamburn Riots. It serves as an essential classic for understanding Penaconian culture and history, and has been recreated thirty-one times to date.''

'''Act 1'''<br />'''Scene 1'''<br />In the tavern's nook, Dreamchasers gather, plotting their conspiracy.<br />Jealous Dreamchaser: Be fair and just! Let's decide who deserves Penacony's highest acclaim.<br />Furious Dreamchaser: It's obvious, us Dreamchasers, we claim the fame!<br />Jealous Dreamchaser: Indeed! We explored uncharted realms and vanquished devils untamed! Yet, credit was snatched by The Family, leaving us unnamed!<br />Jealous Dreamchaser: That winged ravens stole our rightful place. Thinking it is a judge, with audacious grace.<br />Furious Dreamchaser: Blast it all! We shall show him who's in command!<br />Jealous Dreamchaser: Now, my friends, let's get to work, unveil what you have planned.<br />Furious Dreamchaser: Heh, look at this! Corruption of the highest degree! The Sweet Dreams Troupe and the Hounds shall suffer, nightmares they shall see!<br />Fearful Dreamchaser: But the hotel holds innocent souls within its walls. If this corruption spreads, even innocent children will turn into bloodthirsty thralls! No, we mustn't proceed, it's a treacherous path to embark.<br />Furious Dreamchaser: What talk is this? Cowardice, your words are stark!<br />Furious Dreamchaser: Yes! Yes! Nothing but cowardice!

...

'''Act 2'''<br />'''Scene 3'''<br />Mr. Gopher Wood, wounded in the Dewlight Pavilion, looks up and sees the burning Reverie Hotel.<br />Injured Family Member: Kind Oak Family Head, where do you stride? Through the inferno's wrath, do you seek to abide?<br />Injured Family Member: Forgive my words, but we mortals are bound. Who can survive these dream-startling flames, their terror unbound?<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Look here, listen to what you speak! Our kin and guests are trapped inside still a-dream, their destiny so bleak!<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Should ill fate befall them, how can I face the Great One?<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Flames grow fiercer, each second passing, and if we all stay our hands out of fear, then evil none will shun.<br />Injured Family Member: If peril calls, let me step into the blaze, fighting amidst the inferno's haze.<br />Injured Family Member: How can we expect you, old bird with wings shattered, to venture alone, through hell's abode scattered?<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: On my arrival, nightmares reigned far more supreme. Monsters ruled the sky, crimson rivers gleamed.<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Behold, your stance feeble, while I stand tall and strong. Yet you dare taunt this stubborn old man, for being so wrong?<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: As the Oak Family's head, it is my rightful decree. To lead the charge into the fray, where courage is the key.

...

'''Act 4'''<br />'''Scene 2'''<br />The crowd captures the culprits, and Mr. Gopher Wood's bird sits on the judgment seat. (Note: The actor for Mr. Gopher Wood stands behind the curtain, providing the voice for the prop raven.)<br />Jealous Dreamchaser: Heh, do the flames please Your Grace, I wonder?<br />Jury: Disrespectful cur! Condemn him to thunder! Hang him! Cut out his vile tongue, let justice ignite!<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Silence! The law shall be our equal guiding light! Who resorts to lynching, forsaking favor divine?<br />Silence reigns.<br />Furious Dreamchaser: I confess my sins, Your Honor, fully aware. Pity not my soul, countless lives lost in despair.<br />Furious Dreamchaser: Regret fills my heart, dear sir, for your plight.<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Speak for yourself, defend your own. Don't offer solace to me, a judge for your wrongs. No funeral dirge needed, this court of Oak belongs.<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: With the Great One's mercy and Family's law combined, I hereby cast you out, from this realm of pleasure, eternally confined.<br />Jury: No! I plead! I beseech! They're the vilest, no redemption in sight!<br />Fearful Dreamchaser: They're right! If I go unpunished, who shall bear the weight of the blight?<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Silence! The law's verdict stands firm and true. Challenging it questions the Great One's divine view!<br />Mr. Gopher Wood: Express gratitude for Xipe's benevolent grace, for it grants you a fresh start, a new life's embrace.

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Night of Burning Dreams'' Script
|zhs  = 《燃梦之夜》剧本
|zht  = 《燃夢之夜》劇本
|ja   = 『燃える夢の夜』脚本
|ko   = ≪타오르는 꿈의 밤≫ 각본
|es   = Guion de «La noche de los sueños ardientes»
|fr   = Script de ''La nuit des rêves brûlants''
|ru   = Сценарий «Ночи пылающих грёз»
|th   = บทละคร "ราตรีอันแผดเผา"
|vi   = Kịch Bản "Đêm Đốt Cháy Giấc Mơ"
|de   = Skript von „Nacht der brennenden Träume“
|id   = Naskah "Malam Mimpi yang Membara"
|pt   = Roteiro de "Noite dos Sonhos em Chamas"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}