<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Project Scarab#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 331
|partIds      = 190608
|title        = ''Project: Scarab''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Bocchi's "impressive" business plan, but the content is actually... well...
|part1        = ''Project: Scarab''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Penacony; The Family
}}
'''''Project: Scarab''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|28|I. Objective}}

Penacony &mdash; an all-encompassing utopia, a gilded city of dreams, has long been a prosperous city full of vibrant life under the leadership of The Family. However, little do most know that tourism &mdash; a significant source of Penacony's income &mdash; has experienced a slowdown in recent years!<br />
{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: Please provide specific data pertaining to the relevant years.]</u>}}

In my opinion, this poses a considerable potential danger to the city's development. If left unaddressed, it could have serious implications for the entire economic system! Recognizing the massive business opportunity in this issue, I solemnly present this business plan!<br />
{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: Please provide supporting evidence for your statements, and refrain from excessive use of exclamation marks.]</u>}}

{{Size|28|II. Activity Format}}

Nobody truly knows the Watchmaker, but everyone wants to become the Watchmaker. This mysterious name has swiftly become a sensation across galaxies, captivating countless tourists eager to embark on a thrilling treasure-hunting adventure. Upon arrival, these visitors instead often lose themselves in endless festivities, indulging in neverending pleasure and hedonism.<br />
{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: Please use concise and precise language.]</u>}}

The economic benefits brought about by treasure-hunting enthusiasts are already apparent to all. Therefore, I think we should seize this opportunity to emulate the legend of the Watchmaker and employ suitable promotional methods to reignite the treasure-hunting fervor within the Dreamscape!

My preliminary idea is about creating an exquisitely crafted piece of jewelry (such as a scarab made of gold and gems). Then, we will give a captivating legend for the scarab (drawing inspiration from myths and folklore on certain planets regarding this animal) and ensure its prominent display and widespread awareness through intensified marketing. That way, when tourists become weary of ordinary entertainment and material joys available in Penacony, they will be definitely attracted by this unique and profound narrative. After that, we will launch sufficiently thrilling activities at the opportune moment, and will surely receive substantial revenue!<br />
{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: Refrain from excessive use of subjective language such as "I think," "I believe," and "definitely."]</u>}}

Once the trend is established, we should capitalize on its accumulated popularity by organizing re-runs of this event in phases, while incorporating new surprise elements outside of the guests' expectations, optimizing their joy and entertainment.{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: Objectively present the reasons why the aforementioned strategies may prove effective supported by reliable arguments, and elaborate in detail the events to be re-run and what the surprise elements will be.]</u>}}

{{Size|28|III. Market Analysis}}

It is widely known that people respect and are fascinated by great or unknown phenomena.{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: It is also widely known that the "Market Analysis" section should be based on market research reports, data modeling analysis, and supporting arguments, rather than personal beliefs.]</u>}}

I have heard of a person commissioned by a lunatic to traverse a pit with a candle in hand, only because the lunatic believed that this action would change the world. This illustrates how seemingly purposeless actions often ignite enthusiasm and even obsession in people. After all, the satisfaction derived from the exploration process itself imbues meaning into all aspects of people's lives.<br />
{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u>[Note: Refrain from speculative analyses devoid of users' actual needs as the premise.]</u>}}

Fueled by curiosity and the desire for discovery, guests will make investments whose value far surpasses that of the treasure itself, yet still derive immense enjoyment from the experience. This forms the essence of the so-called "treasure-hunting complex" and serves as the inspiration behind ''Project: Scarab''!<br />
{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<u> [Note: Avoid elaborating extensively on your design inspiration, quoting obscure references, or fabricating abstract concepts in a business plan.]</u>}}

{{Size|28|IV. Conclusion}}

The target of ''Project: Scarab'' is to revitalize the tourism economy in Penacony. At the same time, it will fully showcase the city's values and The Family's harmonious love to the visitors who flock here due to our fame. Through this project, we aim to achieve both material benefits and psychological fulfillment.

With great enthusiasm, I present this business plan in the hopes of making a humble contribution to the success of The Family and Penacony.


{{Size|28|Feedback}}

1. The content of this plan lacks clarity, coherence, and objective discussion, failing to meet the basic standards of a business plan.

2. The content of the writing is logically confusing, lacking practical case studies, market research, planning, and specific strategies. It lacks feasibility.

3. The plan lacks the capability for problem identification and rational analysis, providing a limited understanding of the market and customer needs. The proposed solutions lack reference value.

{{Color|fire|nobold=1|{{Size|28|In conclusion, the business plan is hereby rejected.}}}}

<div align="right">Feinman, Leader of the Tourism Business Team, Marketing Development Department</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Project: Scarab''
|zhs  = 《圣甲虫计划》
|zht  = 《聖甲蟲計畫》
|ja   = 『スカラベシール計画』
|ko   = ≪스카라브 계획≫
|es   = «Proyecto Escarabajo»
|fr   = ''Projet scarabée''
|ru   = Проект «Скарабей»
|th   = "โครงการแมลงศักดิ์สิทธิ์"
|vi   = "Kế Hoạch Bọ Cánh Cứng"
|de   = „Projekt: Skarabäus“
|id   = "Proyek Kumbang Suci"
|pt   = Projeto: Escaravelho
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}