<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Attendant Hamilton's Notes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 315
|partIds      = 190582;190583;190584;190585
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 4
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A series of fragmented clues discovered when investigating the anomalies in the hotel in the Dreamscape with Singler &mdash; all of them left behind by a hotel attendant named Hamilton.
|part1        = Part I
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Part II
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Part III
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = Part IV
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Attendant Hamilton's Notes''' is a 4-part [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Part I===
This moment is finally here.

Before I entered the dream today, the shift lead found me and had a long earnest chat with me. He spoke too fast, and I couldn't catch most of what he was saying, but I still sort of understood what he was trying to tell me: He feared that I would be "in grave danger" when I entered the dream this time. If I can't complete the mission successfully, The Family will surely banish me from their ranks. He even said that he really appreciated me, that there were few young people like me who were this low-profile, hardworking and industrious, and he hoped I would pass the trial without a hitch.

I exchanged a few perfunctory words with him, then went back to my room to prepare to enter the dream. It'd be a lie if I said I wasn't the least bit anxious &mdash; but what else could I do besides mutely accepting the current situation? I closed my eyes and forced myself to take a nap, the dreamless kind...'''To be able to do that thing''', I would have to be in optimal condition &mdash; physically and mentally &mdash; no matter what.

===Part II===
I entered the dream and woke up in the Reverie's staff dorms like usual.

But the feeling of everything around here was oddly strange. The people around me seemed to notice something, and I could feel the peculiar glances they cast toward me &mdash; of course, it could've all just been in my mind, but who knows?

Someone I'm not very acquainted with suddenly tapped me on the shoulder, like he was trying to encourage me... But I didn't even remember what he worked as. A Dreamscape Motivator? Darn it. '''It was like my memories were erased by someone'''...

Jeremy and I traded a few lines, mostly about those recent strange happenings in the hotel in the Dreamscape: Paintings suddenly appearing, musical instruments attacking guests and such &mdash; it all made me somewhat nervous. It's strange, he was the closest to me, yet it felt like he had no idea what I was about to face today... I even forgot to tell him before. It's fine. This is good too &mdash; one fewer person to worry about.

I changed into a jet-black outfit. Black makes me feel safe. I waited for a while at the dorms, so anxious that I couldn't even sit still. God knows how many times I paced the room.

And then, I heard a knock on the door.

===Part III===
This was still so surreal to me &mdash; I finally had a chance to meet face-to-face with THE Lady Siobhan...

She is a prominent figure among the Iris Family, her position only second to the Head. I heard from others that she preferred solitude, and seldom showed herself. To think she was going to be appearing under such circumstances, and to interact with a lowly lackey like me...

I was extremely nervous initially with all my words stuck in my mouth. But Lady Siobhan's words had a certain charm to them, which quickly settled my nerves. She explained plenty of important matters to me: That the hotel in the Dreamscape was recently experiencing anomalies, the efforts that The Family made to combat this phenomenon, what us attendants should be watching out for, etc. etc... She was extremely fastidious in her elaborations, and even I was miraculously alert, absorbing every single word that she uttered.

Finally, Lady Siobhan told me that, in the face of unprecedented disaster, every Iris &mdash; nay, all Family members had to be prepared to draw their weapons. To protect our guests' interests, we had to stand between them and every horrific event that could present the slightest threat...

To be honest, I really didn't know if I was ready.

===Part IV===
I did it! Praise the Great One. I managed to secure my job &mdash; I could even call myself an Iris!

The entire ordeal was intensely harrowing. I tried three times, failing within five seconds on the first two... But with a final attempt, it was a miracle that I actually pulled through!

Relying on some meager strength of Harmony, I resonated my thoughts with '''that blasted plate, and that disgusting piece of sponge'''! I held on for twenty seconds, successfully making that plate spick and span! I even used my telekinesis to turn the tap on, and rinse the lingering soap bubbles on the plate!

All around me were applauding, and I thought I spied Lady Siobhan from the periphery of my vision. Having completed this step, I wouldn't just be some insignificant trainee any longer... I was now a proud member of the Iris Family! Now and forever!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Attendant Hamilton's Notes
|zhs  = 服务生汉密尔顿的笔记
|zht  = 服務生漢密爾頓的筆記
|ja   = 従業員ハミルトンのメモ
|ko   = 직원 해밀턴의 노트
|es   = Notas del empleado Hamilton
|fr   = Notes d'Hamilton
|ru   = Записки работника отеля Гамильтона
|th   = บันทึกของพนักงาน Hamilton
|vi   = Ghi Chép Của Người Phục Vụ Hamilton
|de   = Aufzeichnungen von Aufseher Hamilton
|id   = Catatan Pelayan Hamilton
|pt   = Bilhetes do Recepcionista Hamilton
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}