<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Claudia's Gathered Clues#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 336
|partIds      = 190613;190641
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 2
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Claudia's notebook used to record peculiar incidents in Penacony.
|part1        = Claudia's Gathered Clues (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Claudia's Gathered Clues (II)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Claudia's Gathered Clues''' is a 2-part [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Claudia's Gathered Clues (I)===
'''SoulGlad Bomb'''<br />'''Source: '''Auslotte of Bloodhound, Golden Hour<br />'''Classification: '''A terrorist attack with a fantasy overtone<br />'''Summary:'''<br />There are rumors about a Dreamchaser who depleted their family's fortune in the Dreamscape but refused to leave peacefully. They then devised a potent popping candy using Pika White Grape Soda and "Sour Dreams" Soft Candy. By storing this special candy in SoulGlad bottles, they produced a large quantity of SoulGlad bombs.<br />Their intention was to trigger explosions when Bubble Hounds jostled the bottles and mixed the two during transportation, causing widespread chaos in the city.<br />However, their plan ultimately backfired due to the Dreamchaser's proximity and closeness with the Bubble Hounds. It is said the volatile explosion from dozens of SoulGlad bombs caused a severe concussion, leaving the Dreamchaser in a coma to this day.

'''Memes in Dreamscape'''<br />'''Source: '''Dreamweaver Colleen, Dream's Edge<br />'''Classification: '''Memetic monsters within Dreamscape<br />'''Summary:'''<br />Penacony has recently experienced a series of disappearances. Investigations have revealed that the bodies of the missing individuals remain intact in the dreampools of the hotel, but their consciousness is lost and cannot be awakened by any external means in reality.<br />According to the informant, these individuals were abducted by a monster known as "meme," which appeared seemingly out of nowhere. The victims were taken from various Dreamscape Moments, were of diverse races, and exhibited a variety of different behavioral patterns before their disappearance. The monster's motives and modus operandi remain shrouded in mystery.<br />Moreover, all witnesses' memories have been erased by The Family, impeding further investigation.

'''Corrupted Dream Ticker'''<br />'''Source: '''Woolsey of Bloodhound, hotel in the Dreamscape<br />'''Classification: '''Corrupted objects in the Dreamscape<br />'''Summary:'''<br />The Sweet Dreams Troupe in Penacony has recently suffered a series of attacks. The attacked Dreamscape creations not only suffered significant physical damage to their shells but also underwent a profound corruption of their consciousness.<br />At each crime scene, a bizarre tape was discovered, believed to be the source of the corruption. Exposure to the tape is believed to induce excessive irritability, fear, and even hallucinations. Prolonged exposure can lead to a complete mental disintegration. Additionally, the presence of the tape has the ability to distort the Dreamscape itself.

'''Devil's Gate'''<br />'''Source: '''Dreamchaser "W," hotel in the Dreamscape<br />'''Classification: '''Unidentified mysterious power<br />'''Summary:'''<br />According to the informant, there is an impassable pathway within the collapsed section of the hotel in the Dreamscape.<br />The space and time in that section exhibits an eerie state. It cannot be described but can be sensed.<br />"I looked at the end... but there was no end... and I saw an entity that couldn't be seen..."<br />"...I can only hear inaudible chants in the absolute silence..."

===Claudia's Gathered Clues (II)===
'''Haunted Corridor'''<br />'''Source: '''Anderson, a Drinksmith at the hotel in reality<br />'''Classification: '''A corridor where ancient ghosts appear<br />'''Summary:'''<br />I obtained this rumor from Anderson, the Drinksmith, in exchange for a special drink.<br />In Penaconian history, there was once a lineage called the Blackplum Family that met their demise in a war with the Alfalfas. According to records, a fierce frontal battle took place in the connecting corridor of the ring-shaped prison area, resulting in devastating casualties due to the small size of the area. The battlefield is now named the Corridor of Eternal Rest.<br />According to Anderson, as the prison was transformed into a hotel, fragments of the corridor became scattered throughout the Dreamscape during the process of dreamweaving. Even today, under specific conditions, visitors can still "sense" the bloodshed when they approach those fragmented corridors.<br />*Note: I heard a similar ghost story from a friend of mine from Xianzhou. In their culture, such phenomena are referred to as "Netherworld Soldiers."

'''Memetic Hunter'''<br />'''Source: '''Adelyn, a journalist from the Moment of Scorchsand<br />'''Classification: '''Dreamchasers that transformed into monsters<br />'''Summary:'''<br />Historical records reveal that during the initial Pioneering Era, the Primordial Dreamscape was plagued by numerous dangers, including soul-devouring dream rifts and countless meme monsters.<br />Back then, dreamchasers from distant planets ventured into the desolate plains to hunt and destroy the formidable monsters. However, even with the support and protection of the power of Harmony, many dreamchasers succumbed to memetic contamination, gradually transforming into gruesome monsters and remaining forever in the Dreamscape.<br />Some accounts suggest that the Bloodhound Family once captured a peculiar memetic creature that exhibited a non-aggressive and even friendly demeanor towards humans. Over time, the captured creature weakened and eventually perished, potentially supporting this rumor.

'''The Wrath of Harmony'''<br />'''Source: '''Brina, an usher of the Dewlight Pavilion<br />'''Classification: '''The Descent of the Eternal Centurion<br />'''Summary:'''<br />Legend has it that when The Family first arrived at Penacony, the notorious Antimatter Legion once coveted the planet.<br />In response, The Family held a special Charmony Festival, summoning not the Harmonious Choir, but the wrathful Eternal Centurion.<br />Their Sword of Bounded Lives, unsheathed from the scabbard of 4,630,000 Hounds, formed an infinite rainbow. By the time the people in Penacony raised their heads from their shelter, the countless Voidrangers had been swallowed up into the iridescent colors.<br />Since then, the forces of Destruction have never dared to step onto the Planet of Festivities.

'''Dream Border'''<br />'''Source: '''George, a Dreamweaver at Penacony Grand Theater<br />'''Classification: '''Composition of the Dreamscape<br />'''Summary: '''<br />According to George, the sweet dream known as the Twelve Hours represents only a fraction of Penacony's Dreamscape. "...It's merely the tip of the iceberg. In the depths of the Dreamscape, there remains a vast unexplored wilderness... rough and rustic, closer to the true essence of dreams..."<br />Furthermore, the construction of those "artificial sweet dreams" has given rise to "concentrated mini-nightmares" that attach themselves to the edges of sweet dreams. The Family uses them as "dumping stations" to collect and eradicate negative emotions.<br />These nightmares can inflict irreversible damage on human minds. However, The Family has been taking meticulous measures to isolate those areas beyond the ranges of human activity.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Claudia's Gathered Clues
|zhs  = 克劳迪娅的素材簿
|zht  = 克勞蒂亞的素材簿
|ja   = クラウディアの素材帳
|ko   = 클라우디아의 소재 수첩
|es   = Pistas que reunió Claudia
|fr   = Indices récoltés par Claudia
|ru   = Улики от Клаудии
|th   = บันทึกข้อมูลของ Claudia
|vi   = Tập Tài Liệu Của Claudia
|de   = Claudias gesammelte Hinweise
|id   = Buku Materi Claudia
|pt   = Pistas Reunidas de Claudia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}