<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Collection of Audition Violation Cases#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 355
|partIds      = 190645
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 4.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A list of recorded violations during previous Festivity Auditions. The hope is that contestants will heed this as a warning.
|part1        = Collection of Audition Violation Cases
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Interastral Peace Corporation; Penacony; The Family
}}
'''Collection of Audition Violation Cases''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Given that numerous violations occur during every audition, we have compiled a list of prohibited behaviors that are considered severely inappropriate. This serves as a warning to emphasize the importance of adhering to the rules.

1. The Issah Brawl Incident.

During the 20th Festivity Auditions, a participant named Issah experienced verbal attacks from the judges during his performance. Consequently, he abruptly left the stage and initiated a brawl with the judges. Furthermore, utilizing his talent for voice mimicry, Issah imitated the voices of the judges, provoking other participants and leading to a chaotic brawl involving almost 10 other infuriated contestants. They all showed their capacities and the disruption even extended into neighboring competition areas.

The turmoil persisted for around half a system hour, during which three security personnel from the Bloodhound Family intervened to restore order but sustained injuries of varying degrees.

Please note that if the judges display any inappropriate behaviors during the competition, it is crucial to promptly report it to the organizers instead of attempting to resolve the issue independently.

2. The Irksome Family Incident.

During the 6th Festivity Auditions, an unidentified participant impersonated Fowler, the head of the Iris Family at the time. This individual made derogatory remarks during a live broadcast of the audition, including statements such as "We shall rename ourselves the Irksome Family," "Anyone who dislikes the Irksome Family lacks taste," and "I'm the most irksome of all." These actions significantly damaged the reputation of the Iris Family.

The impersonator left the scene before security Hounds arrived. The broadcast triggered a wave of parody among the Penaconian youth, with young people taking to the streets and chanting "Irksome Family is the best of all!" as a means of criticizing Fowler's conservative cultural beliefs.

Please note that any form of role-playing, particularly parodies involving official members of The Family, IPC, and Xianzhou Alliance, is strictly prohibited.

3. The Airbag Cannonball Incident.

During the 11th Festivity Auditions, a participant named Angus concealed eight highly compressed airbags within his clown suit as a promotional stunt for his company's fast food products. His plan was to leap into the air and release the safety valves to display the product's advertising slogan as the bags expand and fly off. However, during the performance, five of the airbags malfunctioned due to poor quality, and one of the remaining three leaked due to a sharp accessory on his clown suit. When the safety valves were activated, Angus was propelled into the SoulGlad bottle on site like a cannonball and became stuck in the bottleneck.

By the time Agnus was freed, he was foaming at the mouth.

Please note that unconventional attire is not encouraged. Any attire that violates the dress code must undergo inspection by the organizers before the wearer is allowed to enter the venue.

...

80. The Man-Eating Meme Incident.

During the 12th Festivity Auditions, a participant named Buzzy brought a meme disguised as a human onto the stage and announced a "man-eating show" to the audience during the live broadcast. Before the judges could intervene, the scene of the meme seemingly consuming Buzzy alive spread throughout Penacony via the live broadcast, leaving a lasting psychological impact on an entire generation of adolescents. Although Buzzy managed to escape from the meme's grasp by the end of the show, the incident had a significantly negative impact.

The intense fear sparked by the man-eating show attracted an extremely dangerous Memory Zone Meme, and it was only through the intervention of Don Wyatt, the head of the Bloodhound Family, that the lethal entity was destroyed.

Please note that it is strictly prohibited to bring Memory Zone Memes onto the stage. Neither wild nor domesticated memes are allowed to enter the venue.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Collection of Audition Violation Cases
|zhs  = 海选违禁案例合集
|zht  = 海選違規案例合輯
|ja   = オーディションにおける違反事例集
|ko   = 오디션 규정 위반 사례집
|es   = Recopilación de casos de infracción de las audiciones
|fr   = Recueil d'infractions des auditions
|ru   = Случаи нарушений на отборочных состязаниях
|th   = รวมเคสฝ่าฝืนกฎในการออดิชัน
|vi   = Tổng Hợp Các Trường Hợp Vi Phạm Trong Buổi Tuyển Chọn
|de   = Sammlung an Vorauswahl-Verstoßfällen
|id   = Kumpulan Kasus Pelanggaran Audisi
|pt   = Coleção de Casos de Violação de Audições
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}