<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Death of the Crow#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 352
|partIds      = 190642
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A bizarre and incomprehensible poem. Or perhaps, some kind of mysterious invitation.
|part1        = Death of the Crow
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Death of the Crow''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Once upon a midnight dreary, while you pondered, weak and weary,<br />
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten dreams &mdash;<br />
While you nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,<br />
As of someone gently rapping, rapping at your chamber door.<br />
"'Tis some visitor," you muttered, "tapping at my chamber door &mdash;<br />
Only this and nothing more."

Ah, do you distinctly remember the dew-doused window pane;<br />
And a dying baby dove laid like a shadow upon the floor.<br />
Eagerly you had wished the story to meet a happy end<br />
Eagerly you had wished no birds would plummet, their demise to bewail.<br />
Some soared like shining stars, bound for the sky...<br />
While others found only demise, in dust they lie.

Deep into that darkness peering, long you stood there wondering, fearing,<br />
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before;<br />
Worms have stained satin, and flames consumed doves with broken wings,<br />
A flame-bathed raven greeted you, its voice's rasp that sings.<br />
"Sweet dreams are no paradise of mine," you whispered and sighed. "When I cast my eyes around &mdash;"<br /> Darkness there and nothing more.

Then this ebony bird beguiling your sad fancy into smiling,<br />
"The echoes of ghosts bring no salvation to light."<br />
"People repent, their hearts sincere, only due to them seeking greater gains."<br />
"Drink this blessed potion from the Great One, erasing your painful memories."<br />
As Harmony's tune changed, you hear a dirge played amidst the dancing ashes...<br />
Quoth the Raven "Nevermore."

The unbroken stillness remains silently, mocking any reply so aptly spoken,<br />
But the Raven still beguiling all my fancy into smiling,<br />
This and more I sat divining, scrying the source of the world's pain<br />
Your heart grew resolute, no longer held back by confusion and doubt.<br />
"Liar," you declared, "the Great One is blind to worldly sorrow &mdash;"<br />
Merely this and nothing more.

You ascended the stage, you stole the authority, you strived for divinity<br />
You raised the dim curtain, your self-directed farce skillfully honed.<br />
Your heart overflew with pureness, while the shadows of the puppets cast grim shadows in their play.<br />
Your soul embraced compassion, daring to forge a scale that will never sway.<br />
"Behold," you proclaimed, "the utopia of absolute bliss,"<br />
Yet the dream shattered, "Nevermore."

The velvet nest fell, the golden bed withered away,<br />
But the bird remained perched, as did you, come what may.<br />
The gods, who once bestowed upon you love's sweet hue,<br />
Withdrew their favor, leaving your paradise askew.<br />
Liberated from the shadow of young dove's demise, your soul will take flight,<br />
Merely this and nothing more.

Your old dreams are as dead soil, barren of hope and bereft,<br />
Yet how can a noble soul wither and fade, left adrift?<br />
I shall await your arrival, with open arms and boundless hope,<br />
Here lie the truest dreams, where infinite possibilities lope.<br />
Here, all your ambitions shall be fulfilled and set aflame,<br />
The past forever transformed, and nevermore

'''''Yours, Most Sincerely'''''

<div align="right">Cecil Simmes</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Death of the Crow
|zhs  = 乌鸦之死
|zht  = 烏鴉之死
|ja   = レイヴンズ・デス
|ko   = 까마귀의 죽음
|es   = Muerte del cuervo
|fr   = La mort du corbeau
|ru   = «Смерть ворона»
|th   = การตายของอีกา
|vi   = Cái Chết Của Quạ
|de   = Tod der Krähe
|id   = Kematian Burung Gagak
|pt   = Morte do Corvo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}