<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamflux Reef Travel Guide 19.0#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 348
|partIds      = 190627
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A travel guide that has been revised many times to ensure the most comfortable amusement experience for every visitor to Dreamflux Reef.
|part1        = Dreamflux Reef Travel Guide 19.0
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Dreamflux Reef Travel Guide 19.0''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
As you all know, this place is unlike the fake and capitalistic territory of The Family, In this city crafted from the Primordial Dreamscape, there are no restraints from strict laws and no pursuit from the Bloodhounds. It welcomes all visitors, offering boundless freedom. However, with the vast breadth of the Dreamscape, what other recommended attractions are there beyond major landmarks? Our editorial team has curated this guide exclusively for you, and we hope you thoroughly enjoy your time here.

1. Bolt Grand Hotel<br />Located in the heart of the commercial district and at the perfect height, the Bolt Grand Hotel offers a prime location that allows guests to admire the impressive skyline above and bustling streets below. The hotel's observation deck at the billboard on top of the building was once ranked as a vital spot that all local couples must hit.<br /><s>Note 1: The hotel is currently closed for temporary maintenance due to memoria instability.</s><br /><s>Note 2: The Watchmaker has acquired this hotel, and a special exhibition featuring the beloved Clockie is now open to the public in the first-floor lobby.</s><br /><s>Note 3: The Watchmaker has implemented a new policy, providing free accommodation for one year to individuals who have been ostracized here by The Family and are willing to contribute to maintaining community order, ensuring that no one is left homeless.</s><br />Note 4: Due to a significant decrease in residents at Dreamflux Reef and the departure of the Watchmaker, the hotel has now closed after facing severe challenges in sustaining its operations. We sincerely appreciate your support throughout the years.

2. Carter's Bakery<br />Don't underestimate the unassuming appearance of one small piece of bread. Master Baker Carter's craftsmanship even won over that bread-hater named Gallagher. "To make delicious bread in the Dreamscape, the secret ingredients are the chef's joy, affection for the guests, and a touch of familial warmth." If this is your first visit, make sure to arrive early, as the queue can become a truly nightmarish experience.<br /><s>Note 1: The bakery is currently celebrating its thirtieth anniversary and offering its special Supreme Yummy Bread to everyone.</s><br /><s>Note 2: Due to a significant decrease in residents, Carter's Bakery has faced challenges. Thankfully, with the financial backing from the Watchmaker, Carter's daughter has taken the helm, ensuring that the flavors remain as exceptional as ever.</s><br />Note 3: The bakery is currently semi-permanently closed.

3. Memoria Singularity<br />This spacial distorted area belonging to Dreamscapes will allow you to observe rare memoria wonders firsthand. If you're an inorganic being, you would not want to miss this stunning amazement. And if you're organic, then you're also sure to be won over by this awe-inspiring spectacle. Its untouched and pure nature will unveil the true essence of the dream.<br /><s>Note 1: You will find a variety of restaurants near the edge of the Singularity. Tasty food is the best condiment to breathtaking scenery.</s><br /><s>Note 2: You will find a restaurant near the Singularity. Don't forget to satisfy your hunger while indulging in the breathtaking scenery.</s><br />Note 3: You will find a restaurant near the Singularity. Please kindly note its opening hours.

4. Crowe Toy Mall<br />Crowe Toy Mall has all the characters you love, be it Clockie, Brother Hanu, or Origami Birds. Officially authorized by the Watchmaker, this toy mall will awaken your inner child. There is also a Clockie-themed puzzle event, and customers who collect all the clues can redeem a ticket at the receptionist desk for the latest Clockie's Big Adventure series movie.<br /><s>Note 1: Due to the recent frequent turbulences in the Dreamscape, the Watchmaker has procured a large quantity of relief supplies for all affected residents. Please queue up on the first floor to receive them.</s><br /><s>Note 2: ''Clockie's Big Adventure: Starshipville'' will be released soon, and the mall will host related themed activities related to the new movie.</s><br />Note 3: Due to certain reasons, the mall is now facing significant challenges in sustaining its operations and has decided to close down at the end of this month. All toys in the mall will be donated to neighboring communities. Please visit the distribution points to acquire the toys.

...

We regret to inform you that this will be the final revision of this guide from our team due to financial pressure, declining subscription numbers, and various other challenges. However, we firmly believe that Dreamflux Reef will one day flourish even more than it ever did, and when that time comes, let us meet again through words.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dreamflux Reef Travel Guide 19.0
|zhs  = 流梦礁旅行指南19.0
|zht  = 流夢礁旅行指南19.0
|ja   = ドリームリーフ旅行ガイド19.0
|ko   = 꿈이 흐르는 암초 여행 가이드 19.0
|es   = Guía de viaje del Arrecife Flujosueño 19.0
|fr   = Guide de voyage du Bastion flonirique 19.0
|ru   = Путеводитель по Рифу потока сновидений 19.0
|th   = คู่มือการเดินทางในแนวฝันร่วงโรย 19.0
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Du Lịch Rạn Đá Ngầm Lưu Mộng 19.0
|de   = Reiseführer für Traumfluss-Riff 19.0
|id   = Panduan Jalan-Jalan di Dreamflux Reef 19.0
|pt   = Guia de Viagem do Recife do Fluxonírico 19.0
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}