<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamweaver Academy Syllabus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 401
|partIds      = 190696
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 4.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A syllabus that explains the curriculum of the academy in detail and shows parents and new students the future study schedule. The aim is to cultivate qualified Dreamweavers through systematic learning.
|part1        = Dreamweaver Academy Syllabus
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Dreamweaver Academy Syllabus''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Our academy is one of the core institutions in Paperfold University, shouldering the great duty of nurturing a new generation of Dreamweavers.<br />Dreamweavers are the creators of the Dreamscape world. They use their extraordinary creativity and imagination to craft the Dreamscape into a lifelike reality.<br />This syllabus aims to provide students with a systematic and comprehensive dreamwaving education to help them grasp the necessary theoretical knowledge and practical skills required to become an outstanding Dreamweaver.

I. Training targets<br />1. Knowledge objectives: Mastering basic principles and methods of Dreamweaving, including core course knowledge such as memoria physics, Dreamscape aesthetics, and Dreamscape engineering.<br />2. Skill objectives: Possessing outstanding creativity and imagination, as well as the ability to apply knowledge gained to complete various Dreamscape building design and construction work independently.<br />3. Professional objectives: Possessing the expected ethics and professionalism of Dreamweavers, and being able to fully understand and exercise the social responsibility of Dreamweaving.

II. Academic system and credits<br />Dreamweaver Academy has a 4-year educational system, with 8 terms of 18 weeks each. Students can graduate after completion of 160 credits.<br />These include:<br />1. Public courses: 20 credits<br />2. Professional foundation courses: 35 credits<br />3. Professional core courses: 70 credits<br />4. Professional elective courses: 25 credits<br />5. Graduation design: 10 credits

III. Course structure<br />Year 1: Foundation year<br />1. Imagination training (8 credits): Stimulating student creativity and expanding the boundaries of thought through a series of training.<br />2. Memoria physics (9 credits): Studying the physical traits of memoria and their use in Dreamscape construction.<br />3. Dreamscape aesthetic foundation (9 credits): Teaching the use of color, structure, light and shadow, and other elements in Dreamscape construction.<br />4. Spatial geometry (9 credits): Studying space, shape, structure and other architectural geometric knowledge.<br />5. Public courses (5 credits): Penacony general education, learning the history, culture, and values of Penacony.

Year 2: Travel year<br />1. Dreamweaving techniques (10 credits): Learn various Dreamweaving techniques such as memoria sculpture and Dreamscape creation under an experienced professional Dreamweaver.<br />2. On-site observation (6 credits): Observe on-site the Dreamweaving work of senior masters and learn about their philosophy and skills.<br />3. Customs and folk culture (6 credits): Dive deep into the local customs and popular sentiments of people of different areas and obtain inspiration.<br />4. Interdisciplinary Dreamweaving (10 credits): Attempt to infuse art of different forms including music, painting, and more into Dreamweaving source material and expand powers of expression.<br />5. Public courses (9 credits): Introduction to interastral culture. Understand communication and clashes between different cultures.

Year 3: Practical year<br />1. Dreamweaver engineering (11 credits): Learn the design, planning, and management processes involved in large-scale Dreamscape engineering.<br />2. Extreme construction (11 credits): Methods and strategies for Dreamscape construction in harsh environments.<br />3. Emotional reflection (11 credits): Infuse emotional experiences into Dreamscape spaces to create an immersive and rich Dreamscape experience.<br />4. Dreamweaving work experience (9 credits): Go deep into the frontline of dreamweaving and take part in a real Dreamscape construction project.<br />5. Public courses (2 credits): Understand issues surrounding ethics, social responsibility, and professionalism that arise in Dreamweaving.

Year 4: Finishing year<br />1. Future Dreamweaving (4 credits): Understand cutting-edge technology developments to explore the future roadmap of Dreamweaving.<br />2. Dreamwaving management (4 credits): Project management, team cooperation, and other must-have management skills for Dreamweavers.<br />3. Professional elective course (25 credits): Detailed research on a specialized area as selected by students themselves, including Dreamscape ecology, multidimensional Dreamweaving, Dreamscape repair and maintenance, Dreamscape landscape design, and themed design.<br />4. Graduation design (10 credits): Complete independent construction of a Dreamscape, bringing together everything learned through your university education.<br />5. Public courses (4 credits): Understand the values of "The Family" and cultivate communication and cooperation skills under different cultural backgrounds.

IV. Teaching requirements<br />1. Encouraging students to apply what they have learned to real-life Dreamweaving projects through combining theory and practice.<br />2. Teaching students according to their natural talent to fully stimulate students' creativity and nurture their individual development.<br />3. Optimizing teaching staff, ensuring the quality of education, and inviting industry experts to take part in practical education.<br />4. Expanding the cooperation between the academy and Penaconian businesses to provide students with more work experience and career opportunities.<br />5. Placing importance on the teaching of dreamweaving ethics and cultivating students' societal responsibility.

V. Quality control<br />1. Optimize the teaching supervision system and hold periodic educational meetings to research and solve teaching issues.<br />2. Establish an educational evaluation system that combines teacher evaluation of students and student evaluation of teachers.<br />3. Hold periodic teaching quality evaluations to create a positive cycle of constant improvement.

Dreamweaver Academy adheres to the principle that "imagination shapes the future" and is committed to cultivating high-quality Dreamweavers with sound theoretical foundational knowledge, outstanding practical skills, and innovative thinking. In the future, we hope that our graduates will become cornerstones of Penacony, working tirelessly to create an even more wonderful Dreamscape.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dreamweaver Academy Syllabus
|zhs  = 筑梦学院教学大纲
|zht  = 築夢學院教學大綱
|ja   = ドリームメイク学部シラバス
|ko   = 꿈 건축 학부 강의 계획서
|es   = Plan de estudios de la escuela de Soñadores
|fr   = Programme de l'Académie des Tisserêves
|ru   = Учебная программа Школы грёзотворчества
|th   = ประมวลรายวิชา: สถาบันสร้างฝัน
|vi   = Chương Trình Giảng Dạy Của Học Viện Xây Mộng
|de   = Lehrplan der Traumwerker-Fakultät
|id   = Silabus Fakultas Pembangunan Mimpi
|pt   = Programa de Estudos da Escola Tece-Sonhos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}