<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamscape Nursery Rhyme: The Family of Seven#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 293
|partIds      = 190548
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 2.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A strange nursery rhyme popular in Penacony.
|part1        = Dreamscape Nursery Rhyme: The Family of Seven
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Dreamscape Nursery Rhyme: The Family of Seven''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Catch a bunch of bad children and lock them in a cage.<br />Forced into cruel labor, they toil without a wage.<br />A big hound breaks the cage bars, as cannons set them free.<br />Butterflies and marigolds eat fruit from the great tree.<br />Inside a nest they built their own heaven, banded together a family of seven.

In the house are seven people, living in a poor village.<br />Stonewalled by an overlord, food and drink cruelly pillaged.<br />Withered trees will bear no fruit, the plants need fertilizer.<br />Fruits fell spoiled unto the ground, splashed juice upon white mica.<br />The family ate one of their own, now there's six inside the home.

In the house there hid six people, camping in a ruined yard.<br />Unresponsive sleeps the hound, a broken mirror harms the bird.<br />Flowers cannot flutter, dead trees cannot be straighter.<br />The butterfly left home only to meet throngs of cicada.<br />The big bug scoffed the little bug down. Now there are five left inside the home.

In the house there slept five people, lying all day at home.<br />An angel came to visit one night, singing triumphant poems.<br />Melodic as a dream of plenty both to eat and wear.<br />Everything is fixed now, closing eyes they have no fear.<br />Whatever you do, do not awaken &mdash; forget those days of past mistaken.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dreamscape Nursery Rhyme: The Family of Seven
|zhs  = 梦境童谣•七口之家
|zht  = 夢境童謠•七口之家
|ja   = 夢境の童謡・七人の家
|ko   = 꿈세계 동요•일곱 식구의 집
|es   = Canción infantil del paisaje onírico: La familia de los siete
|fr   = Comptine du Pays des rêves : La famille de sept
|ru   = Детская песенка из Мира грёз «Семеро по лавкам»
|th   = เพลงกล่อมเด็กแดนฝัน: ครอบครัวเจ็ดคน
|vi   = Bài Đồng Dao Cõi Mộng: Ngôi Nhà Có Bảy Người
|de   = Traumlandschafts-Kinderlied: Die Siebenköpfige Familie
|id   = Dongeng Dunia Mimpi: Tujuh Bersaudara
|pt   = Canção de Ninar do Mundonírico: A Família dos Sete
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}