<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Evening Tavern Stories: Halovian Special Issue#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 361
|partIds      = 190656
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 4.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A tabloid written by a Tavern reporter, the contents seem to be mostly nonsense.
|part1        = Evening Tavern Stories: Halovian Special Issue
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Aha
|factions     = Penacony; Pepeshi
}}
'''Evening Tavern Stories: Halovian Special Issue''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
What's up, readers! It's been too long! In the last issue, I, famed tavern reporter Miles, uncovered the dark secrets of SoulGlad. This time, let's dive into the masses, and sniff out all the dirty little secrets everyone has been dying to know!

It's a well-known fact that the bustling streets of Penacony, a celebrity hotspot, are a true melting pot. From the tall and short to the plump and slender, and from the rich and poor to humans and non-humans, you can literally find all kinds of folks here. Among them, I bet those Halovians who shine like superstars pique the curiosity of many of you! Well, for The Laughter, I'm ready to snag you some exclusive street interviews at the risk of being chased by the Bloodhounds!

Well then, let's cut to the chase and grab a few unsuspecting passersby... Ahem, lucky interviewees, I mean.

'''Q1: Are those circular thingies above the Halovians' small heads tangible?'''

Grumpy Halovian: It's not some "circular thingy"! Sheesh, it's a halo! A halo, capeesh!?<br />
Curious Foxian: Yep, it's tangible. I managed to touch it when he wasn't looking. Cool and smooth to the touch, the texture is amazing! Though, the beating I got afterward wasn't so great.<br />
Mentally Stable Intellitron: It's a universally acknowledged fact that there are three things one should never touch: A Foxian's tail, a Pepeshi's fluff ball, and a Halovian's halo. So, basically, you were asking for a beating.

'''Q2: What happens if a Halovian's halo were to get stuck in something while they are walking?'''

"Halo Researcher": To begin with, according to my observations, the Halovians' halos in the physical realm do not have a tangible form. They are condensed energy projections that can even flicker during emotional disturbances or when telepathy is used. There is no concern about a halo becoming stuck.<br />
"Halo Researcher": Furthermore, upon entering the Dreamscape, while it's true that the energy halo transforms into a physical entity under the influence of memoria, its position can be adjusted at will while within the dream, much like adjusting a hat. So, there's really no need for concern.<br />
"Halo Researcher": Additionally, it is believed that all Halovians only have a basic circle when they are born. As they age, the halo evolves into various shapes reflecting their experiences and personality traits. Some special Halovians can even transform their halo into any shape they desire!<br />
"Halo Researcher": Finally, all information mentioned is sourced from ''Dreamchaser Bulletin: Urban Myth Edition''. Any similarities are purely coincidental, and I hold no responsibility for such occurrences.

'''Q3: What's the story behind the Halovians' telepathy?'''

Tabloid Reporter: Ah, you've asked the right person! Let me tell you, I'm one of the few people in Penacony who know a lot about the Halovians.<br />
Tabloid Reporter: Here's the scoop. All Halovians can read minds, so you should take care when speaking with one. Thankfully, the range of their ability isn't that big and usually won't work more than 6–10 feet away, so just stand at a distance, and you'll be fine.<br />
Tabloid Reporter: Halovians can also use their telepathy to communicate with one another without speaking. That's so much better than the communicators we have in the market now.<br />
Tabloid Reporter: Also, Halovians with strong powers of Harmony can use their singing and language to manipulate others! It's said some Halovian Pathstriders can even unleash psychic attacks to stun a person or reduce their intelligence to zero!<br />
Tabloid Reporter: What do you think? Interesting, right? I have more where that came from. If you'd like to know more, just transfer me 9,998 Alfalfa credits and...

That's a wrap for this issue! Stay tuned for more fresh scoops coming your way!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Evening Tavern Stories: Halovian Special Issue
|zhs  = 酒馆夜谭：天环族特辑
|zht  = 酒館夜譚：天環族特輯
|ja   = 酒場の夜：天環族特集
|ko   = 술집 야화: 헤일로족 특집
|es   = Versión vespertina de Historias de la taberna: Edición especial aureoliana
|fr   = Histoires du soir à la Taverne&nbsp;: numéro spécial Haloviens
|ru   = «Вечерние рассказы Таверны: Спецвыпуск о галовианцах»
|th   = เรื่องเล่าจากบาร์: ฉบับพิเศษ Halovian
|vi   = Câu Chuyện Về Đêm Ở Quán Rượu: Số Đặc Biệt - Tộc Halovian
|de   = Abendliche Tavernengeschichten: Halovianer-Sonderausgabe
|id   = Pembicaraan Malam di Bar: Edisi Khusus Halovian
|pt   = Histórias Noturnas da Taverna: Edição Especial Haloviana
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}