<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Excerpts from Dreamscape Crime Files#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 339
|partIds      = 190616
|title        = Excerpts from ''Dreamscape Crime Files''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 3.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Criminal files archived by the Bloodhound Family, documenting some Dreamchaser crimes with particularly heinous influences.
|part1        = Excerpts from ''Dreamscape Crime Files''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Excerpts from ''Dreamscape Crime Files''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
This file documents individuals who have caused significant social harm and posed a serious threat to the security of the Dreamscape.<br />Following a verdict, the Bloodhound Family will archive this file.

'''Name: Domanda'''<br />Charges: Three counts, including illegal possession of prohibited weapons, false accusations, and terrorist attacks.

Domanda arrived in Penacony as a Dreamchaser early in early 2155 AE. Initially employed by the Alfalfa Family to assist the Nightingale Family with the foundations of the dreamweaving project, Domanda encountered a meme attack during an operation, resulting in severe damage to his electronic components. Unable to continue his work, he was persuaded by the Alfalfa Family and voluntarily left during 2155 AE.

Subsequently, due to the deterioration and malfunctioning of his logical and Intellitron parts, Domanda made multiple unsuccessful attempts to publicly harass and extort the Alfalfa Family by fabricating false accusations. Utilizing knowledge from his dreamweaving days, he intentionally caused several building collapses and meme-generation events in various locations, including the Golden Hour and Blue Hour, resulting in psychological damage of various degrees to a total of 1,958 individuals. Among them, 35 individuals require special memoria medication for the remainder of their lives.

Once the culprit is apprehended, the annihilation process will commence immediately.

<br />'''Name: Barnos'''<br />Charges: 7 counts, including unlawful possession of prohibited weapons, aiding and organizing illegal entry into Dreamscape, and assaulting law enforcement officers of the Bloodhound Family.

Barnos arrived in Penacony as a Dreamchaser toward the end of 2155 AE and settled there. Later, due to his wife's illness, he attempted to auction a hundred years of his life's usage in the Moment of Dusk but to no avail. Subsequently, he engaged in a fight with a Pepeshi merchant who won the auction for "lifetime" in an unsuccessful attempt to snatch the auctioned item. As a result, Barnos was expelled and developed antisocial ideation.

Between the late 2155 AE and early 2156 AE, Barnos repeatedly assisted stowaways in exchange for large sums of money. Consequently, over two thousand stowaways made it to Penacony, with more than two hundred remaining unaccounted for, despite several searches conducted by the Bloodhound Family. In his final years of criminal activities, Barnos incorporated some of the stowaways into his team. According to his subordinates, he mistreated his followers due to their lack of legal status. Eventually, his failure to distribute the spoils equally led his followers to report him to the Bloodhounds, resulting in his apprehension.

<br />'''Name: Lamuin'''<br />Charges: 7 counts, including illegal smuggling of prohibited drugs, market disruption, and distribution of dangerous substances.

Lamuin arrived in Penacony in the middle of 2156 AE as a travelling merchant. However, a joint investigation by The Family and the IPC revealed that his merchant certificate was obtained through bribery. The individuals involved in the fraudulent activity have been investigated and punished accordingly. Initially, Lamuin sold illegal psychotropic drugs in Penacony and engaged in fraud to sustain himself. Later, he colluded with local criminals to smuggle a significant quantity of memoria products into Penacony via his merchant certificate, gaining market share through dumping practices. This posed a serious safety hazard, as his drugs had not been verified and approved by the Garden of Recollection and Penacony quality control authorities.

After the Bloodhounds dismantled his illegal industrial chain, Lamuin disappeared for six months. Upon resurfacing, he poisoned guests at The Reverie Hotel in reality as an act of retaliation against The Family. This incident resulted in a total of 130 individuals being hospitalized, three of whom died. Subsequently, the Bloodhounds conducted a thorough search. Lamuin ingested poison in a bathroom in the hotel, committing suicide.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Excerpts from ''Dreamscape Crime Files''
|zhs  = 《梦境犯罪档案》节选
|zht  = 《夢境犯罪檔案》節選
|ja   = 『夢境犯罪アーカイブ』抜粋
|ko   = ≪꿈세계 범죄 파일≫ 발췌
|es   = Extractos de «Expedientes de crímenes del paisaje onírico»
|fr   = Extrait des ''archives criminelles du Pays des rêves''
|ru   = Выдержки из «Криминального досье Мира грёз»
|th   = เนื้อหาที่ตัดมาจาก "เอกสารอาชญากรรมในแดนฝัน"
|vi   = Trích Đoạn "Hồ Sơ Tội Phạm Cõi Mộng"
|de   = Auszüge aus den „Fallakten der Traumlandschaft“
|id   = Kutipan "Arsip Kriminal Dunia Mimpi"
|pt   = Trechos dos Arquivos de Crime do Mundonírico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}