<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fabricated Travelogue#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 369
|partIds      = 190664
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = This appears to be the final part of a letter from a ship staff to a family member who has been bedridden for a long time.
|part1        = Fabricated Travelogue
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Fabricated Travelogue''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''"I thought that the Dreamscape here would allow you to hang onto even a trace of your desire to live, which is why I came all the way here. However, this Dreamscape isn't more beautiful than reality, not even by a bit. Therefore, I shall weave those kinds of dreams myself."''

... I hope you're feeling better now, Eve.<br />My work is still progressing well. I've just left the Gilded Hour and will be traveling to the Moment of Sol aboard the Radiant Feldspar. You can't even begin to imagine the sights that I've seen.<br />Even though the people at the Gilded Hour are really busy...<br />...<br />Mmm, even though the people there are really busy, they're all full of dignity as well. Each and every one of those people has the opportunity to realize their own worth, and they manage to strike the perfect work-life balance. As continuous creation ingeniously keeps this world running, under the gentle rays of dusk, people still have the opportunity to hold their children's hands and walk home amid the fragrant aroma of their neighbors' dinnertime meals.<br />Even though they are the ones who sustain this world, they still have the time to leisurely look up at the night sky's every hour.<br />How I wish you could see this vibrant world with me...<br />Therefore, you must try your best to live, alright? We will definitely be able to wait until the day when there is a method to treat illnesses such as yours.

...

How are you, Eve? I heard that although you're still confined to the house, you're now able to get out of bed and move around.<br />Even though the last time I met you was not too long ago, I still feel that time is passing especially slowly. Yet, when I think about... how you love to view the outside world through my eyes, I feel that my travels aren't too tiring after all.<br />Right now, we're heading toward the Golden Hour. Although this place seems to be full of luxury and decadence at first glance, the people here treat each other as equals and live honest lives. Truly, this is a great place to stay for a long while.<br />...<br />Furthermore, it's really safe here.<br />Right, even though we are completely unable to afford Penacony's expenses, and I am only able to enter this place at will because I work here... perhaps in the future, I'll have saved enough money for you to come here as well. The ship that I'm working on has lots of important people onboard who tip generously.<br />Therefore, you must live on at all costs, alright? One day... we'll be able to dream together.

...

Eve, do you know that universities exist in the Dreamscape as well? Do you remember where we first met?<br />However, unlike the university we attended, the Paperfold University is quite impressive. When I look at the students who go there, how can I describe this... well, they look so wise that I didn't even dare to strike up a conversation with them.<br />Nevertheless, since even outsiders are allowed to visit the academy at will, I really wish that I could sit here with you by my side.<br />Therefore, you must not leave me, even if you have to put in every last bit of effort in order to do so. Otherwise, I will be very... upset.

...

Right now, we're traveling toward the Blue Hour. The scenery there is simply gorgeous...<br />...<br />However, everywhere you see, there are only unsavory characters, despair, and all sorts of swindlers... This is a place that disgusts me every time I step foot in it.<br />Eve... Eve...<br />No...<br />At this stage, what is the point of this charade? These lies... Do they still hold any meaning?

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fabricated Travelogue
|zhs  = 虚构的风物记录
|zht  = 虛構的風物紀錄
|ja   = 虚構の風物記録
|ko   = 허구의 풍물 기록
|es   = Diario de viaje fabricado
|fr   = Carnet de route fictif
|ru   = Выдуманные путевые заметки
|th   = บันทึกทิวทัศน์สมมติ
|vi   = Ghi Chép Cảnh Vật Hư Cấu
|de   = Erfundener Reisebericht
|id   = Catatan Pemandangan yang Fiktif
|pt   = Diário de Viagem Fabricado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}