<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Joint Letter of Complaint Regarding a Fortune Academy Representative#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 406
|partIds      = 190701
|title        = 
|image        = Item The Xianzhou Luofu Readable 6.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A joint letter of complaint written by the students of Fortune Academy, which lists an extensive array of academic misconduct and neglect of duty on behalf of an academy representative.
|part1        = Joint Letter of Complaint Regarding a Fortune Academy Representative
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Joint Letter of Complaint Regarding a Fortune Academy Representative''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
(The above content has been torn off)<br />...We really cannot stand this any longer. Fortune Academy should not have to deal with such irresponsible teachers, and Paperfold University should not allow these people to be employed within the school! Therefore, we have listed many examples of professional misconduct with this academy representative and hope they are judged fairly by the school.

'''They have indulged in nepotism, hired their own cronies inside the school, and attempted to disrupt the normal functioning of the student council.'''<br />First, let's take a look at how many of the leadership roles within Fortune Academy are occupied by Pepeshi. The dean of educational affairs, a Pepeshi. The financial director, a Pepeshi. The union president, a Pepeshi. The director of logistics, a Pepeshi... Even the campus security is all Pepeshi! What's even worse is that they're all from the Alfalfa Family! Is this rational? Is this normal staffing management?<br />It is impossible not to suspect that this academy representative has abused their authority and hired their associates into Fortune Academy through shady methods to further control the academy's daily operations. As for how much he has personally profited from this, we are still unsure.<br />Having gained control of the academy, this representative still is not satisfied and continuously uses countless underhanded methods to try and bring the student council under his control, too. These methods include, but are not limited, to: Threatening student council members with bad grades, making unauthorized modifications to election processes, and vetoing student proposals without evidence of proper reason... Because of this, many student leaders have already resigned due to his brutal and unscrupulous methods.

'''Taking ownership of student papers and tampering with survey data are examples of severe professional misconduct'''<br />&mdash; We must make it extremely clear that STUDENTS ARE NOT FREE LABOR!!!<br />Not only is this academy representative completely disrespectful towards students during teaching, he even abuses his power and makes students complete basic tasks for him like buying meals and doing his cleaning. A student's respect for a professor should never cause them to become entirely dependent on them, and it especially should not become a reason for a professor to control their students!<br />Students follow their professors to gain knowledge and achieve satisfactory research results when graduating. However, this professor has stolen creative ideas from students and plagiarized their papers, claiming that he would help them get published! Pouring your blood, sweat, and tears into a paper just to see the published version with this representative's name on it as the sole author? This is despicable behavior and is absolutely outrageous!<br />Furthermore, according to information from several informed students, the academy representative has even committed grave academic misconduct in their paper-writing process. Plagiarism is constant, as well as editing and falsifying research data. To prove his theories, he constantly belittles the important roles played by the other lineages in the revival of Penacony and single-mindedly stresses the role of Fortune Academy in the world of academics. This is...<br />(The following section has been torn off)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Joint Letter of Complaint Regarding a Fortune Academy Representative
|zhs  = 关于财富学院代表的联名投诉信
|zht  = 關於財富學院代表的聯署投訴信
|ja   = ウェルス学部代表に関する連名の告発書
|ko   = 자산 학부 주임 교수에 대한 공동 항의서
|es   = Carta de denuncia colectiva sobre un representante de la escuela de Fortuna
|fr   = Lettre de plainte commune concernant un représentant de l'Académie de la Fortune
|ru   = Коллективная жалоба на представителя Школы богатств
|th   = จดหมายลงชื่อร้องเรียน ตัวแทนสถาบันความมั่งคั่ง
|vi   = Thư Khiếu Nại Chung Về Đại Diện Của Học Viện Tài Phú
|de   = Gemeinsame Beschwerde über den Vertreter der Wohlstands-Fakultät
|id   = Tentang Surat Pengaduan Bersama dari Perwakilan Fakultas Kekayaan
|pt   = Carta de Reclamação Conjunta Sobre um Representante da Escola Fortuna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}