<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lost Property (Readable)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 346
|partIds      = 190625
|title        = Lost Property
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A notebook lost by someone - its corners are yellowed and the majority of the notes within have been rendered incomprehensible by some kind of red rust-like stains.<br />You copy the part of the content that might be a religious mantra and record that into the Express's data bank.
|part1        = Lost Property
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Lost Property''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''*The corners of this notebook have turned yellow, and most of the content has been stained by rust-like stains, rendering it illegible.*''

...

1:1 In the aftermath of the Dusk Wars, darkness shrouded the heavens, and chaos engulfed the earth.<br />1:2 Then, ███ rent the veil of nothingness, and the radiance of thoughts illuminated the realm of matter.<br />1:3 However, mortals remained unaware of the materialized illusion that surrounded them.<br />1:4 Thus emerged Ena the Order, destined to bring and retain all existence into the known.<br />1:5 THEY set the tune for all of existence, regarded time and space as a score, and laid down the laws in equal temperament.<br />1:6 The real was separated from the imagined, and so it was done.<br />1:7 And thus, all beings were categorized into reality and illusion. That marked the first day.

1:8 THEY bestowed upon all beings "truth." All beings beseeched Ena, praising THEM, the magnificent Aeon of divine power.<br />1:9 "Your divine blessing has granted us knowledge that we are born as human, and that all humans experience life and death, and shall face the end. Yet, we do not comprehend the workings of the mortal world."<br />1:10 In response, THEY gathered nebulae and forged them into strings, creating a grand piano with wide white and narrow black keys.<br />1:11 THEY struck the wide white keys, and the sun rose. THEY struck the narrow black keys, and the moon rose.<br />1:12 Thirty and one days passed thus in cycles as one phrase, a caesura observed after three phrases, and the striking recurred according to this intonation for four more equal times.<br />1:13 Henceforth, the universe knew the rhythm of days and nights, seasons and years. And so it was done.<br />1:14 That marked the second day.

1:15 THEY bestowed upon all beings "calendar." Once again, all the beings beseeched Ena, praising THEM, the magnificent Aeon of divine power.<br />1:16 "Your divine boon has granted us knowledge, revealing to us the disciples of all things, the existence of days and nights, and the four seasons, yet we lack the means to recognize one another."<br />1:17 In response, THEY plucked streams of stars into inked nibs, creating symbols for pronunciation and counting.<br />1:18 As THEIR brush rose, humans saw the silhouettes of reality. As THEIR brush fell, humans felt the illusion of thought.<br />1:19 The form and the idea were intertwined, and limitless meanings were born from finite elements.<br />1:20 All beings gained their unique symbols. And so it was done.<br />1:21 That marked the third day.

1:22 THEY bestowed upon all beings the gift of "language." Once again, all the beings beseeched Ena, praising THEM, the magnificent Aeon with divine power.<br />1:23 "Your divine boon has granted us the ability to use tongues to produce words, to know that language has shape and meaning, yet we lack the discernment to distinguish pros and cons."<br />1:24 In response, THEY molded stardust into flowing rivers, assigning the righteous to the upstream and the wicked and traitorous to the downstream.<br />1:25 And THEY built a dam amidst the currents, preventing filth and mud from flowing backward.<br />1:26 Thus, all beings gained the ability to discern good from evil. And so it was done.<br />1:27 That marked the fourth day.

1:28 THEY bestowed upon all beings the gift of "values." Once again, all the beings beseeched Ena, praising THEM, the magnificent Aeon with divine power.<br />1:29 "Your divine boon has granted us the capacity to tell right and wrong with our eyes, that some things are clear while some are muddled in morals, yet we lack the capacity to solve such concerns."<br />1:30 In response, THEY picked up nebulae to lay out the laws, forging a codex of conduct with the masses before their eyes.<br />1:31 Life and freedom of the masses were certainly the most precious of all values, and all transgressors were to be sentenced according to the law. Honor and property of the masses were deemed most appropriate, and those who upheld them were to be duly rewarded.<br />1:32 This law was unquestionable by mortal beings, and all lives of flesh and bone were to forever remember it.<br />1:33 And so it was done. That marked the fifth day.

1:34 THEY bestowed upon all beings the gift of "rules." Once again, all the beings beseeched Ena, praising THEM, the magnificent Aeon with divine power.<br />1:35 "Your divine boon has granted us the power to assess justice with our hearts, to know that good deeds are to be rewarded and harmful feats are to be repaid, yet we struggle to understand the purpose behind our lives."<br />1:36 In response, THEY crafted melodies using star clusters, used the grand piano with wide white keys and narrow black keys as the instrument, used the symbols for pronunciation and counting as the musical notes, employed the river that only flew downwards as the rhythm, and deployed the codices that laid out laws as the musical style.<br />1:37 Thus, harmony of all things were expressed through time and space, as all mortals found their unique place within this universe.<br />1:38 And so it was done. That marked the sixth day.

2:1 THEY bestowed upon all beings the gift of "meaning." All had been brought into existence. And then, THEY rested from all THEIR creative work.<br />2:2 However, once again, all the beings beseeched Ena, praising THEM, the magnificent Aeon with divine power, but with a tone of curse.<br />2:3 "With Order, you have defined all things in the Cosmos, yet this only made us realize that we are mere puppets within your grasp."<br />2:4 Thus, on that day, all beings united and cast the Aeon into the pit of destruction.<br />2:5 And so it was done. That marked the seventh day.<br />2:6 All humans rejoiced in a resounding ruckus, and the stars joined them in unison in that moment.

...

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lost Property
|zhs  = 某人的遗失物
|zht  = 某人的遺失物
|ja   = 誰かの落とし物
|ko   = 누군가의 분실물
|es   = Objeto perdido
|fr   = Carnet perdu
|ru   = Забытая вещь
|th   = ของที่สูญหายของใครบางคน
|vi   = Vật Thất Lạc Của Ai Đó
|de   = Verlorener Besitz
|id   = Barang Hilang Seseorang
|pt   = Propriedade Perdida
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}