<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Maker's Diary about Mecha Town#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 322
|partIds      = 190594
|title        = Maker's Diary about ''Mecha Town''
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note written by the animator of the Clockie series, recording the production process of the movie ''Mecha Town''.
|part1        = Maker's Diary about ''Mecha Town''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Penacony; The Nameless
}}
'''Maker's Diary about ''Mecha Town''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''2157 AE, Day 1 of Project Initiation'''<br />
Like much of the crew, I grew up watching Clockie. I know the Clockie cartoons are unmatched in quality and reputation, and I understand the difficulty in producing such an animation.<br />
Just so, the public will have undoubtedly high expectations of the commemoration piece made every ten years. The fact that we're the following act to preceding masterpieces like ''Cyberville'' and ''Starshipville'' has also added no small amount of pressure.<br />
Though this might be a world of dreams, the art of animation doesn't quite work like how people assume. We can't exactly rely on our thoughts or imaginations to move the characters and have them jump onto the screens to act out their roles. This is still a traditional hand-drawn animation, not one of those fantastical dream bubble movies &mdash; but that's the exact reason why ''Clockie'' has such enduring charm.<br />
With all the horrors scheduled in our future shifts, I can't help but run my hand through my still-luxurious hair, lamenting the many clumps that are fated to fall in the future.

'''2157 AE, Day 31 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
Today, the producers showed us an internal documentary from Clock Studios.<br />
During the Age of Dreaming, due to the instability of the Dreamscape, a great many of the current production technologies we use right now could not be manifested in Penacony's Dreamscape film production.<br />
Every action portrayed on screen was first performed by a real person in the studio following the directions of the script, then the footage was traced frame-by-frame into images. Even the producer had to put on a Clockie costume and dance for a scene.<br />
Knowing that... could the Watchmaker have played Clockie before? Shame that this documentary still didn't reveal what he truly looks like.

'''2157 AE, Day 73 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
I had a fight with Collin today. He thought the character designs for the machine town needed to display a kind of gearpunk stiffness.<br />
I really have nothing to say. He should find a mirror and see if he's the one that's actually stiff. He even started talking back, saying something about how: "My manufacturer is not something that can be compared to those cheaply made Intellitrons." If it weren't for the fact that the Watchmaker is still watching us, I really might've thrown a punch at that very-much oxidized, alloyed skull of his.

'''2157 AE, Day 160 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
Larry gave us some really good advice and references while we were trying to design the scenes for the town. Apparently, his ancestors once had deep relations with the Nameless, and learned lots of stories about places beyond Penacony.<br />
Must be nice to be a Nameless... Once I make enough money, I should go out and take in the world too.

'''2157 AE, Day 324 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
To sleep is to dream, and to do all-nighters is to not sleep. Then, what does pulling all-nighters in the dreamscape count as?<br />
These are the speculations my fragmented psyche cannot help but consider after fifty-four consecutive system hours of work.<br />
The Watchmaker always comes up with unexpected ways to make his entrance. Sometimes, he is a clock that hides beneath the desk, and sometimes he turns into a bubble. These little scares he inflicts have become one of his few pleasures.<br />
However, the Watchmaker is quite severe and strict when it comes to animation production &mdash; a far cry from the usual whimsy humor he exhibits on a day-to-day basis. I cannot help but admit he has tremendous capability when it comes to writing scripts. At the same time, ignoring any notions of idolization, his demands for the animation's preciseness are approaching absurd &mdash; Collin nearly shorted his motherboard trying to imagine the scenes described in the script.

'''2157 AE, Day 420 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
The action choreographer recruited from the Bloodhound Family had a breakdown. I mean, it wasn't unexpected. There are lots of things in the script and storyboard that can't be measured via the logic of normal people.<br />
Honestly, I respect the guy for lasting as long as he did. I've long been burned hollow by that section of the storyboards. Sprawled over my desk, I even thought about whether "animators are just expendable components."<br />
I've had enough. I wanted to create animations I can understand, not the frenzied imaginations of my boss!<br />
I've requested two days of sick leave from the producers. I'm going to see a Motivator.

'''2157 AE, Day 421 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
The scheduled Motivator is absent because he apparently also scheduled a Motivator.<br />
But I really don't have much left in me to keep going with this. I worked up the courage to contact the Watchmaker in the hope of tendering my resignation.<br />
To my surprise, however, the esteemed chairman didn't rebuke or beg me to stay. He just started chatting with me like a friend.<br />
I ended up telling him about all the stuff I wanted to discuss with the Motivator. Things about my time as a student in the Chroma Star System and all the frustrations I experienced at Clock Studios. He listened attentively, spending Aeons know how long on me, a mere unremarkable animator.<br />
After hearing my thoughts, he even sincerely apologized to me, and patiently explained everything about ''Clockie'' to me. He explained why he had to create this project and went over all the details I didn't understand.<br />
We spoke for an entire night, till the producers entered the room and asked me to start the work day.<br />
I decided not to quit after that conversation.<br />
Not because the boss talked me down, but more that I want to speak with him more in the future.

'''2157 AE, Day 729 Since Project Initiation'''<br />
After countless tribulations, after many turnovers in the cast and crew, our project is entering its final stages.<br />
Though the process of its creation was hellish, witnessing the final product made me feel an ineffable sense of happiness. It was a joy greater than can be found in any Dreamscape.<br />
But the greatest contributor of all &mdash; the Watchmaker &mdash; was nowhere to be seen. He didn't appear in our initial screening in any shape or manner, nor did he express his thoughts about this creation.<br />
But I believe that the Watchmaker will definitely appear when Clock Studios needs him. Just like Clockie always comes running when Dreamville calls.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Maker's Diary about ''Mecha Town''
|zhs  = 《机械小镇》创作日志
|zht  = 《機械小鎮》創作日誌
|ja   = 『マシーンタウン』創作日誌
|ko   = ≪기계 마을≫ 창작 일지
|es   = Diario del Relojero sobre «Ciudad mecánica»
|fr   = Journal de création de ''Méca-polis''
|ru   = Дневник создателя мультфильма «Часик: Механический город»
|th   = บันทึกการสร้าง "เมืองจักรกล"
|vi   = Nhật Ký Sáng Tạo "Thị Trấn Cơ Khí"
|de   = Tagebuch des Produzenten über „Mechastadt“
|id   = Log Kreasi "Kota Mekanik"
|pt   = Diário do Criador sobre a Cidade Robô
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}