<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#My Romantic Encounters#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 329
|partIds      = 190605
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 2.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A lady's notes on her romantic encounters.
|part1        = My Romantic Encounters
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Emperor Rubert
|factions     = Penacony; Pepeshi; The Family
}}
'''My Romantic Encounters''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Danny is a very cute small gentleman. Well, if that "mature and composed" Pepeshi were here to hear such a compliment, he would likely don a serious expression and stroke his mustache. But seriously, the stark contrast between his childlike and adult qualities adds to his overall charm. He is honest, open-minded, and optimistic, while also displaying intelligence and diligence in his work. He is calm and reliable while working, making him quite charming.

However, that doesn't imply that we should take our relationship any further. While I hold admiration for him, that is the full extent of my emotions. Therefore, when he jokingly asked if I would like to share his property, I realized that our friendship might be reaching its conclusion, because I understood precisely what that means to a Pepeshi.

I couldn't help but feel sorry for the situation, although it may sound hypocritical. The truth was, we were not compatible. While he is a remarkable entrepreneur and already made a name for himself within the Alfalfa Family at a young age, the outstanding qualities that contributed to his success didn't quite... align with our relationship.

From my perspective, even the closest of companions require a certain level of distance and privacy. The idea of being constantly together with someone else is difficult for me to imagine. However, when a Pepeshi develops feelings for you, their attention becomes solely focused on you. This can feel... burdensome.

Danny will undoubtedly find someone deserving of his wholehearted devotion, but that person should not be me.

June 10th

Today is perhaps a memorable day as I had a pleasant conversation with a Halovian. This race is indeed the beloved of all creations, and it comes as no surprise that they are often described as divine beings or angels. Given their elegant and mysterious smiles, enchanting and captivating voices, and stunning and lovely appearance... they are destined to attract attention.

Mr. Leslie turned out to be more approachable than I had initially expected. We watched a movie together and enjoyed a dinner. Our conversation flowed effortlessly, and he shared stories about how envoys of The Family descended during Penacony's crisis and turned the issue to the planet's favor, as well as the Halovians' efforts in constructing this city of sweetest dreams for the Aeon of Harmony they worship.

His stories were captivating, and the atmosphere between us was light-hearted. He even kindly escorted me back to the hotel. I appreciated his friendliness and kindness, and I found his beauty captivating. However, there was an undeniable sense of... detachment on him that I couldn't overcome. Perhaps I'm being overly sensitive, but upon reflection, continuing this encounter might not be worthwhile.

After all, it is said that voice of a Halovian's heart is shared only among their own kind.

June 30th

Mr. Screwbrugh is a refined and sophisticated gentleman, or perhaps the term "maestro" would be fitting. I must admit that, prior to my arrival in Penacony, I held certain prejudices against Intellitrons due to certain rumors... After all, the actions of Emperor Rubert are well-known throughout the cosmos. However, the Intellitrons here... they are elegantly dressed and display courteous behavior. During my conversation with Mr. Screwbrugh, I could sense his genuine curiosity and respect for organic life.

His intellect shone through his wise and humorous remarks. Occasionally, his questions took an unconventional or cunning approach, yet they never caused any offense. Through our discussions, I gained insights into various intriguing aspects of the "Inorganic Life Zone," such as their customs, culture, beliefs, and values. Engaging in rational exchanges like this allowed me to catch glimpses of their souls amidst the sparks of knowledge.

I find this unique race to be absolutely fascinating. Their rationality and purity possess an irresistible allure to me. I'm willing to invest more effort into understanding their kind. Perhaps among them, I may discover a kindred spirit, or even a soul mate.

July 1st

Hereby, I'm declaring: I have fallen in love!

The instant I caught sight of the girl in the crowd, I knew she was the one!

Rational thinking became meaningless when she smiled at me, and logic lost its value when she spoke to me. Her eyes, like precious jewels, ignited my desire and illuminated my life!

<s>Unfortunately, despite my efforts to establish a connection with her, she showed no further interest in me, but that doesn't matter. She will eventually see me, and someday, her gaze will forever be fixed upon me.</s>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = My Romantic Encounters
|zhs  = 邂逅笔记
|zht  = 邂逅筆記
|ja   = 出会いのノート
|ko   = 만남 일지
|es   = Mis encuentros amorosos
|fr   = Mes rencontres romantiques
|ru   = Мои романтические встречи
|th   = บันทึกของการพบกัน
|vi   = Ghi Chép Cuộc Gặp Gỡ
|de   = Meine romantischen Treffen
|id   = Catatan Pertemuan
|pt   = Meus Encontros Românticos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}