<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Paperfold University Yearbook: Vol 24825#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 417
|partIds      = 190712;190713;190714;190715;190716;190717;190718
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 7
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The Paperfold University yearbook that is currently gathering content. Has dedicated personal pages for students.
|part1        = Page: Czipo
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Page: Montana
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Page: Arfey
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = Page: Dafanchy
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part5        = Page: Richie
|source5      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part6        = Page: Chaletka
|source6      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part7        = Page: Gabbana
|source7      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Paperfold University Yearbook: Vol 24825''' is a 7-part [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Page: Czipo===
[Basic Information]<br />Name: Czipo Lionel Lero<br />Alias: Ninja Initiate Keyboard<br />Affiliation: Fortune Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: I thought we would meet again soon, so I didn't bid farewell properly that day.<br />Activity Involvement:<br />Participating in the stage performance at the Music Party as one of the keyboardist for the band (Dazzling Band/Dazzling Collective/Dazzling Airship/Dazzling Initiate Hotel/Dazzling School Party).

<br />[Messages from Classmates]<br />Dafanchy:<br />It's been a blast being in the band with you, Czipo. I hope we'll work together again in the future! Yeah!

Arfey:<br />Your enthusiasm always injects fresh energy into the band, cheering us up whenever we're feeling down. You're someone who can renew everyone's morale. Keep that spark alive and shine on the stage.

(Trailblazer):<br />(Your performance left me with deep impressions, but what is more astonishing is how you're willing to stand against the academy as a student of Fortune Academy. Even if you don't do anything related to music down the line, I trust that you'll be able to take bold strides ahead and see the road through./Feels like you got some talent in crosstalk comedy. How about you try a different track in life? Hahaha, I wish you luck, no matter what happens!/I won't forget the joy you brought us, and I am thankful for you stepping up for the band in their time of need. May you always keep your passion and courage. Regardless if you tread upon the path of music or not, you will always be the most vital core member of The Dazzling.)<br />

===Page: Montana===
[Basic Information]<br />Name: Montana<br />Alias: Trendy Ninja, TreasureNana (obsolete), Denisovan 426 (obsolete)<br />Affiliation: Charmony Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: Stay ahead of trends! Always!<br />Activity Involvement:<br />Managing stage affairs during the band performance at the music party.

<br />[Messages from Classmates]<br />Dafanchy:<br />A dedicated peer taking responsibilities seriously! I hope we'll work together again in the future!

Arfey:<br />Thank you for your unwavering support for The Dazzling. May our performances bring you joy!

Czipo:<br />Well, allow me to make this clear: we won't disband our band. So, you're always welcome to in our future performances, Miss Secretary.

(Trailblazer):<br />(Montana, the organizational ability and passion you displayed during the music party were deeply impressive, and your ability to coordinate matters and handle relationships is awesome. I know you'll be able to achieve extraordinary results in your future studies and professional career./When will a baseball bat become the latest item of fashionability? Can you predict that? Also, I'd like some tips on some seasonal trends.../You've always had an eye for trends, Montana. But the way I see it, your classmates want to hang around you not for your fashion, but because people love your passion and enthusiasm, and they love how much energy and joy you bring. Keep trying to be yourself, and maybe you'll just get something unexpected and new, eh?)<br />

===Page: Arfey===
[Basic Information]<br />Name: Arfey<br />Alias: Ninja Initiate Guitar<br />Affiliation: Charmony Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: That's why I must stick true to my way of the ninja.<br />Activity Involvement:<br />Participating in the stage performance at the music party as one of the guitarists for the band (Dazzling Band/Dazzling Collective/Dazzling Airship/Dazzling Initiate Hotel/Dazzling School Party)

<br />[Messages from Classmates]<br />Czipo:<br />Just don't be too formal. Drop by my party when you can! It's a great way to find your muse and get connected with your music-loving peers!

Dafanchy:<br />May you always shine in your pursuit of your dreams and create music you truly love. I'll always cherish the moments shared with you.

(Trailblazer):<br />(From your initial hesitation to join the band to becoming a key member, your growth has been impressive. Your passion and dedication to music will take you to even bigger stages. Stay true to your beliefs and keep exploring the endless possibilities within the world of music./Aha! Who would've guessed that the head of the Charmony Academy would turn into the coolest Ninja Initiate Guitar? You look more smashing than anyone else on that stage with a guitar! With you rocking out, our band will always look super cool!/I get it if those old fossils at the academy can't appreciate our band's style. However, as a student of the Charmony Academy, it takes real courage to stand up against them. That's just the magic of music: That's the spirit of our Dazzling that's going to rock the world!)<br />

===Page: Dafanchy===
[Basic Information]<br />Name: Dafanchy<br />Alias: Ninja Initiate Bass<br />Affiliation: Dreamweaver Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: Seize every opportunity, and you will seize your dreams one day.<br />Activity Involvement:<br />Participating in the stage performance at the music party as the bassist for the band (Dazzling Band/Dazzling Collective/Dazzling Airship/Dazzling Initiate Hotel/Dazzling School Party)

[Messages from Classmates]<br />Czipo:<br />Dafanchy! You're a crucial member of our band! The best bassist ever! I hear you're continuing your pursuit for music, keep at it! And if you need any support, just give us a shout! All the best for you!

Arfey:<br />You're much braver than you realize. You may face setbacks in the future, but don't give up on your musical aspirations. I believe you'll become a brilliant musician, and I look forward to attending your live performances one day! Go for it!

(Trailblazer):<br />(Dafanchy, your growth is truly inspiring. You've proven that extraordinary things are possible with passion and courage. Through all the twists and turns ahead, believe in yourself and your talents. There are no limits to what you can achieve in the future. Keep pushing./Hey, cut it out with the "E-Trash" label! If academics aren't your thing, focus on the band instead! When you give it your all, you'll make a real difference. You're amazing! Go for it!/I still remember how timid you seemed when we first met, how you would disappear in a crowd. And now, you've blossomed into a skilled bassist, shining brightly on stage. The Dazzling shines because of you!)<br />

===Page: Richie===
[Basic Information]<br />Name: Richie<br />Alias: Peelin' Richie<br />Affiliation: Fortune Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: Place yourself in an appropriate position in this world.<br />Activity Involvement:<br />President of the Toy Model Club at Paperfold University, possessing extensive experience in commercial activities.

[Messages from Classmates]<br />Czipo:<br />How about giving me, your dear classmate, a discount? Haha! Don't forget to join me in the party next time.

Chad:<br />Don't listen to his nonsense! Join my party!

(Trailblazer):<br />(Despite the challenges you've faced in your academic pursuit, you've been working part-time to ease the financial pressure on your family. Keep your determination and march forward towards your aspirations./The Slumbernana Monkey is out of vogue now. How about try something else, maybe merchandises about... me? Haha! Good luck with that!/Life isn't always a smooth ride, but your family and friends are always there for you. You've been working part-time diligently for your family, and your father has got your back. Stay close to those who care about you, and together, you'll light up the path to a brilliant future!)<br />

===Page: Chaletka===
[Basic Information]<br />Name: Chaletka<br />Alias: Ninja Initiate Patissier<br />Affiliation: Dreamweaver Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: Desserts are magic that heals your soul!<br />Activity Involvement:<br />Dessert Club President in Paperfold University.

[Messages from Classmates]<br />Dafanchy:<br />Your desserts are amazing, especially that crispy pie... Just a suggestion, maybe skip the bananas next time.

Haru:<br />Thank you for supporting the charity! The children were overjoyed upon receiving your cakes!

(Trailblazer):<br />(Everyone has their own unique path, and you have shown yours in the world of making desserts. Have faith in your choices and keep chasing your dreams, no matter what obstacles come your way. Stay true to your goals, take bold steps forward, and you'll blossom into something truly special./Ninja Initiate Patissier! Desserts are your Nindō! Use your dessert ninjutsu to spread happiness everywhere! Cheering you on!/Chaletka, you're even more remarkable than you realize. It's not just about the path you choose, but about believing in yourself. Like crafting desserts, infuse your work with passion, patience, and a vision for the future, and you'll achieve great things! Keep that spirit alive!)<br />

===Page: Gabbana===
Basic Information<br />Name: Gabbana<br />Alias: Nanabloom-chan<br />Affiliation: Charmony Academy<br />Contact: ████████<br />Motto: Take your time. Victory will fall into place!<br />Activity Experience:<br />Performing Arts Club President at Paperfold University. Featured in Mr. Reca's latest movie.

Messages from Classmates<br />Arfey:<br />Your acting talents are remarkable. Don't overthink. Just stay focused on pursuing your dreams.

Montana:<br />Give me anm autograph before you become a superstar! Pretty please!!!

(Trailblazer):<br />(A true performer needs more than just talent, but also an unyielding spirit. I hope that you keep going and discover new ways to shine in your future works. This will lay a solid foundation for your artistic career. May your future be resplendent, and I pray you'll find your place on the big screens./Even if you've entered the entertainment industry, you still have a long road ahead. Keep pushing, I'll be waiting for you to challenge me at the end of the road!/I remember when I just met you, you called yourself "Nanabloom-chan" and were filled with dreams, but were lost on the path. Now, you're already standing out in Mr. Reca's new work. Use your acting and charm to conquer the hearts of more viewers. You'll be the brightest star in the future!)<br />

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Paperfold University Yearbook: Vol 24825
|zhs  = 折纸大学年鉴•24825期
|zht  = 摺紙大學年鑑•24825期
|ja   = 折り紙大学年鑑・24825号
|ko   = 종이접기 아카데미 연감•24825기
|es   = Anuario de la Academia de Origami: Vol. 24825
|fr   = Album de promo de l'Université Origami&nbsp;: Vol. 24&nbsp;825
|ru   = Ежегодник Академии оригами №&nbsp;24825
|th   = หนังสือรุ่น: มหาวิทยาลัย Paperfold ฉบับที่ 24825
|vi   = Kỷ Yếu Học Viện Gấp Giấy-Kỳ 24825
|de   = Jahrbuch der Origami-Akademie: 24825. Ausgabe
|id   = Buku Tahunan Paperfold University - Edisi ke-24825
|pt   = Anuário da Academia Dobradura: Vol. 24.825
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}