<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Penacony Flight Guide#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 345
|partIds      = 190602
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A training guide that teaches you how to fly in Penacony.
|part1        = Penacony Flight Guide
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Penacony Flight Guide''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''(Warning: We have received numerous complaints regarding the authenticity of this content, which is suspected to have been entirely fabricated by a History Fictionologist, and the account responsible has thus been suspended. Please do not click any links or believe the content presented here!)'''

As is known to all, the memoria in Penacony is highly flexible. The Family has harnessed this unique characteristic to transform the once desolate prison into the renowned Twelve Hours. The dreamweaving technology has always been a secret, closely guarded by the five major lineages.

"Dreamchasers may find it difficult to manipulate memoria in the Dreamscape, as it is a technique mastered only by the Memokeepers from the Garden of Recollection." You may have heard locals or hotel attendants mention this idea when entering the Dreamscape for the first time.

But the truth is, this statement acts as a "lock" imposed on dreamchasers. The Family subtly gaslights all visiting guests by suggesting to them that the rules in the Dreamscape mirror those of reality, leading to their perceived and eventual inability to freely manipulate memoria, despite being initially capable of doing so. This allows The Family to monopolize dreamweaving technology and charge additional exorbitant fees for unique experiences.

Today, I'll guide you through the first step of unlocking your mind: Learn how to fly.

First and foremost, it's crucial to grasp that the Dreamscape is entirely different from reality, and the laws of physics, including death, don't apply. So, "you won't fall when you're in the sky." Repeat this mantra in your mind until you truly believe it. However, due to the deeply ingrained perception of gravity and The Family's constraints, freeing your mind can be quite a challenge. To overcome this, I recommend visiting the Polymorph Pawnshop (Click this ''link'' now for more details) to temporarily block your memories related to gravity and acrophobia. Just remember to retrieve them before leaving Penacony.

Now that the notion of falling is forgotten, it's time to defy gravity. Based on our past experiences, it's advisable to find a take-off platform with a free-fall duration of over 8 seconds (calculated using the officially provided gravitational acceleration factors). For a comfortable flight, you can choose to hold an umbrella or wear a cloak to control your movement. Keep in mind that cool-colored umbrellas and warm-colored cloaks yield the best results. (For customers who don't have trichromatic vision, please consult the merchant regarding color standards when making a purchase.)

The last and simplest step is to select your destination and take a swift leap. Planning your aerial route in advance is crucial to avoid obstacles like spheroids, aerial tracks, vehicles, and buildings, which might hinder your flight experience. To assist you, our team has dedicated an entire Amber Era to create a real-time smart map (''<u>Click this link now to get it for free</u>'') covering locations spanning eight Hours. With this map, you'll enjoy a more immersive and unrestricted experience in the captivating Dreamscape of Penacony.

Follow my blog to uncover the hidden secrets and lore of Penacony. In the upcoming update, I'll introduce you to the second step in jail-breaking the "lock": See-Through Vision. Who is the mysterious "Butterflier" hidden within the upper echelons of the five major lineages since the creation of Penacony? And how did these major lineages gradually gain control over the entire Dreamscape? Use your See-Through Vision to uncover the truth.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Penacony Flight Guide
|zhs  = 匹诺康尼飞行指南
|zht  = 匹諾康尼飛行指南
|ja   = ピノコニー飛行ガイド
|ko   = 페나코니 비행 가이드
|es   = Guía de vuelo de Colonipenal
|fr   = Guide de vol à Penacony
|ru   = Лётное пособие
|th   = คู่มือการบินแห่ง Penacony
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Bay Ở Penacony
|de   = Penacony-Fluganleitung
|id   = Panduan Terbang Penacony
|pt   = Guia de Voo de Penacony
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}