<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Press Releases#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 309
|partIds      = 190569
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 4.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Penacony TV Station's countless press releases, in them are recorded some humorous events that occurred in dreams.
|part1        = Press Releases
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Press Releases''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''Tourists in Penacony Reach an All-Time High'''

As of the day of the broadcast, the number of Dreamchasers who visit Penacony has reached ten billion, breaking the record of this Amber Era. The people's enthusiasm for traveling has driven a positive growth in Penacony's economy, as evidenced by the sales of SoulGlad and its related products indicating a tenfold year-on-year growth.<br />According to the survey, nearly 60% of the guests have heard of Penacony before their visit. They looked forward to their trip here and were excited to experience the goodness of the Dreamscape themselves. The rest of the guests were drawn to the upcoming Charmony Festival.<br />This prosperous scene is largely attributed to the wise leadership of The Family and the joint efforts of each major lineage. Undoubtedly, the Charmony Festival around the corner is bound to be a lively event.

<br />'''The Respectable Mr. Sunday Presents A Special Speech'''

The respectable Mr. Sunday, the representative of The Family, has delivered a special speech in response to the recent thriving tourism industry of Penacony.<br />According to Mr. Sunday, this achievement is the result of the collaboration among all lineages in Penacony, and the glory should be shared. Without the Oak Family's coordination, the Bloodhound Family's protection, the Alfalfa Family's management, the Iris Family's artistic performances, and the Nightingale Family's technical support, our Dreamscape wouldn't be as amazing as it is today.<br />This accomplishment illustrates the fact that unity is the most powerful force in universe. Mr. Sunday is confident that Penacony's tourism industry will continue to reach greater heights in the near future, allowing more people to experience the harmony and beauty of the place. He also hopes every guest will enjoy their time in the Dreamscape, and that The Family is committed to ensuring their safety and enjoyment.

<br />'''SoulGlad Be the Syrup Trendsetter'''

To celebrate the upcoming Charmony Festival, SoulGlad has announced the launch of a new product &mdash; the SoulGlad Sharing Pack. The product, which contains a dozen palm-sized bottles of SoulGlad, encourages the spirit of sharing for the purchasers, through which one can experience the harmonious tune of the Great One.<br />As the leading enterprise in Penacony, SoulGlad has been serving the guests for almost five Amber Eras. To this day, Dreamchasers still take delight in talking about the story of the enterprise's founder, Mr. Aideen. In this superstar's recent speech, he touched on the rapid development of Penacony and emphasized the need to actively respond to the guests' needs. It is only through that can we seize the opportunities the times have presented and achieve success.<br />In the new Amber Era, SoulGlad will continue to invest and innovate, striving to provide a more diverse range of healthier and tastier products that will form part of the future beautiful Dreamscape.

<br />'''Currency Dispenser Loophole Exploiter Busted'''

Recently, investigators from the Bloodhound Family have solved a major case concerning the theft of cash from a currency dispenser and recovered several hundred thousand credits. The operation has successfully maintained the market order in Penacony.<br />It was discovered that the designer of the machine added a hidden feature in the machine, causing it to dispense a considerable amount of high-value banknotes when the user carries out certain actions in the correct sequence. The suspect took advantage of this loophole and stole a large amount of money from the currency dispenser. Due to financial security concerns, the details of the crime are not disclosed.<br />As of now, all of the illicit gains of the suspect have been returned to the Alfalfa Bank. We would like to remind everyone to be more vigilant when it comes to financial issues. Please acquire wealth ethically and refrain from taking shortcuts.

<br />'''The Family Plans To Make New Expansions In The Dreamscape'''

Given that guests are getting more keen to visit Penacony, The Family has announced its decision to develop a new area in the Dreamscape.<br />Artists of all kinds from all over the universe come together, ready to fire on all cylinders to create an amazing Dreamscape for the guests. Currently, these Dreamweavers have arrived in the designated expansion area where the construction is underway at full throttle.<br />We believe it will not be long before the new area opens its door to all guests. Let us all look forward to even grander Dreamscape experiences offered by the new expansion.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Press Releases
|zhs  = 新闻稿数则
|zht  = 新聞稿數則
|ja   = いくつかのニュースリリース
|ko   = 몇 가지 보도 자료
|es   = Comunicados de prensa
|fr   = Communiqués de presse
|ru   = Пресс-релизы
|th   = รวมต้นฉบับข่าว
|vi   = Thông Cáo Báo Chí
|de   = Pressemitteilung
|id   = Laporan Pers
|pt   = Comunicados de Imprensa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}