<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Research On Capsule Machine No. ■#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 308
|partIds      = 190568
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 3.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An experimental documentary written by a Penacony Dreamchaser, said to be an attempt to unlock the hidden mysteries of how amusement rides are designed.
|part1        = Research On Capsule Machine No. ■
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = The Family
}}
'''Research On Capsule Machine No. ■''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
'''Preface'''<br />
As we all know, the Golden Hour is notorious for its many appalling entertainment facilities, with the Golden Capsule Machine being one of the worst. My companions and I will start a challenge of inserting 50 Aideen Tokens consecutively into the machine and record the outcome of each game to reveal The Family's conspiracy regarding the odds of winning the prize.

'''1st Trial'''<br />
Method: Insert 1 Aideen Token normally.<br />
Outcome: Clockie Pizza (single slice) &times;1<br />
Comment: I suspect they have lowered the odds of winning the prize again.

'''2nd Trial'''<br />
Method: Wash my hands with the roadside fountain before inserting 1 Aideen Token.<br />
Outcome: Sliced Cake "Stargazer" &times;1<br />
Comment: I wouldn't eat it even if it came free.

'''3rd Trial'''<br />
Method: Drink a bottle of SoulGlad before inserting 1 Aideen Token.<br />
Outcome: Sliced Cake "Stargazer" &times;1<br />
Comment: See? No one would want to spend on this crap!

...

'''9th Trial'''<br />
Method: Insert 1 Aideen Token and the two of us pull the lever together.<br />
Outcome: Credit &times;500<br />
Comment: That's not bad. A decent, conscientious effort from them.

...

'''14th Trial'''<br />
Method: Insert 1 Aideen Token, dance in circles three times, drink three bottles of SoulGlad on a handstand, then pull the lever.<br />
Outcome: Sliced Cake "Stargazer" &times;500<br />
Comment: Fishsticks!

...

'''23rd Trial'''<br />
Method: Insert 1 Aideen Token, curse the Great One whom The Family believes in, then pull the lever.<br />
Outcome: ■■■■ ■■■■■■ &times;1<br />
Comment: Is this actually included in the prize list? No, something isn't right... Stop the trials!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Research On Capsule Machine No. ■
|zhs  = 关于■号扭蛋机的研究
|zht  = 關於■號扭蛋機的研究
|ja   = ■号ガチャマシンに関する研究
|ko   = ■호 뽑기 기계에 대한 연구
|es   = Investigación en la máquina de bolas n.º ■
|fr   = Recherche sur les distributeurs de capsules numéro ■
|ru   = Исследование гачапона №&nbsp;■
|th   = งานวิจัยเกี่ยวกับตู้กาชาหมายเลข ■
|vi   = Nghiên Cứu Về Máy Quay Trứng Số ■
|de   = Forschungen über den Gacha-Automaten Nr. ■
|id   = Penelitian tentang Mesin Kapsul No. ■
|pt   = Pesquisa sobre a Máquina de Cápsulas N.º ■
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}