<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shelved Business Proposal Draft (Version 7.0)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 360
|partIds      = 190655
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A business proposal drafted by the IPC worker Thomas. It has been shelved for some reason.
|part1        = Shelved Business Proposal Draft (Version 7.0)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Interastral Peace Corporation; Penacony
}}
'''Shelved Business Proposal Draft (Version 7.0)''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Table of Contents<br />
...

Executive Summary<br />
As the Interastral Peace Corporation shifts its focus back to Penacony, strategic acquisitions &mdash; including that of the symbolic asset, the Radiant Feldspar &mdash; will play a pivotal role in our success. As an expatriate IPC employee in Penacony, I, Thomas, am honored to draft the initial proposal and implementation draft of this grand project. By leveraging my professional skills and extensive network, particularly my connections in show business, I aim to deliver unprecedented value to the IPC.

Project Background<br />
Penacony, celebrated as the Planet of Festivities, epitomizes dreams and luxury. In particular, the Radiant Feldspar, one of the most prominent symbols of the planet, embodies the aspirations of countless travelers. Reclaiming ownership of Penacony thus signifies that the IPC will wield significant influence over the future development of the travel and entertainment industries across the Cosmos.

Project Objectives<br />
1. Acquisition of Radiant Feldspar: Ensure that the IPC gains full control of the Radiant Feldspar, thereby setting the foundation for further resource development in Penacony.<br />
2. Resource Integration: Leverage media networks to consolidate entertainment resources, thereby attracting more premium clients and business ventures for the Radiant Feldspar.<br />
3. Revenue Generation: Utilize entertainment offerings, luxury travel packages, and other strategies to significantly boost the profitability of the Radiant Feldspar, thereby increasing the IPC's overall capital influx.

Strategic Implementation<br />
1. Market Analysis<br />
Begin with an in-depth analysis of Penacony and its target clientele to establish the Radiant Feldspar's position in the market, setting it as the premier destination for high-end luxury travel and entertainment.<br />
2. Resource Integration<br />
Engage leaders in the entertainment industry and beyond by hosting events at the Radiant Feldspar, including but not limited to private concerts, interastral fashion shows, and as a filming location for popular reality shows, thereby garnering greater attention to and investments in the Radiant Feldspar.<br />
3. Financial Planning<br />
With meticulous financial planning, I will personally oversee all expenditures and revenues to ensure project efficiency. In particular, by leveraging partnerships with existing entertainment agencies in the outside world, we will be able to secure premium entertainment resources at lower cost.<br />
4. Risk Management<br />
Identify potential risks during project execution and devise appropriate mitigation strategies. While I am fully capable of ensuring the project's success, I am equally prepared to address any foreseeable challenges.

...

Assessment Report<br />
Please see the attached document for the third-party valuation report.

...<br />
Conclusion<br />
By acquiring and re-developing the Radiant Feldspar, the IPC is poised to strengthen its dominance in the interastral travel and entertainment industry, while also creating new opportunities for revenue growth. Leveraging my professional expertise along with Erica's resources, we are confident in transforming the Radiant Feldspar into a whole new profit center and creating value for the IPC in a way like never before.


Feedback From Senior Management<br />
What the heck is this nonsense? Are you seriously expecting me to present this garbage to Director Topaz!?<br />
Get your *beep* back to work and redo it! If you submit crap like this again, see if I don't shove your performance appraisal for the next financial year up your *beep*!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shelved Business Proposal Draft (Version 7.0)
|zhs  = 废弃的商业计划书草案（7.0版）
|zht  = 廢棄的商業計畫書草案（7.0版）
|ja   = 破棄された事業企画書の草案（Ver.7.0）
|ko   = 폐기된 비즈니스 기획서 초안(7.0 버전)
|es   = Borrador de propuesta de negocios archivada (versión 7.0)
|fr   = Proposition commerciale classée (version 7.0)
|ru   = Черновик отклонённого бизнес-плана (версия 7.0)
|th   = แผนธุรกิจฉบับร่างที่ไม่ใช้แล้ว (เวอร์ชัน 7.0)
|vi   = Bản Thảo Kế Hoạch Kinh Doanh Đã Bỏ (Phiên Bản 7.0)
|de   = Ad acta gelegter Entwurf für einen Geschäftsvorschlag (Version 7.0)
|id   = Rancangan Rencana Bisnis yang Dibuang (Versi 7.0)
|pt   = Rascunho da Proposta Comercial Arquivada (versão 7.0)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}