<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#SoulGlad Cyclopedia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 295
|partIds      = 190550
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 2.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An advertising brochure put out by the SoulGlad company, introducing the diverse range of SoulGlad flavors to consumers.
|part1        = SoulGlad Cyclopedia
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''SoulGlad Cyclopedia''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Whether or not you've visited Penacony before, you've surely heard of the famous SoulGlad brand. Ever since this soda hit the universal market, this beverage has taken the universe market by storm, capturing the taste buds of every major star system. This publication showcases the most popular SoulGlad flavors to give customers an in-depth understanding of the most popular beverage in the cosmos.

Classic SoulGlad<br />To date, the SoulGlad brand has launched hundreds of different flavors, but the classic flavor will always be our bestseller. Nobody can resist the urge to slam it in one gulp once they see the golden liquid in the spiral bottle start to bubble. Inside the SoulGlad bottle is more than just a syrup-based beverage, but rather a belief: The optimistic spirit of Syrupism, sending dreams out to all corners of the universe.<br />Note: Chill first for optimal taste!

Ice SoulGlad<br />If the freezer doesn't satisfy your pursuit of ice cold, just give the Ice SoulGlad a try. This recipe has blue mint essence from the Tavis star system. The refrigerating bottle cap keeps the temperature infinitesimally close to the freezing point &mdash; even if the planet you're living on scorches below a trinary star system, this SoulGlad could save you from the fire!<br />Note: Before drinking, please carefully assess the ambient temperature of your environment and the tolerance of your digestive system.

Explosion SoulGlad<br />Do you love the feeling of SoulGlad soda bubbles exploding in your mouth? Then don't miss out on this "explosive" flavor of SoulGlad! Bottled using a mega-ton compressor and containers made of macromolecule alloys, just one small sip will send millions of fine soda bubbles reveling on your palate. Don't be afraid of the slight sting &mdash; boldly enjoy the pleasure of exploding supernovae on the tip of your tongue!<br />Note: Before drinking, please loosen the bottle cap and let the soda deflate for five seconds. Otherwise, all consequences shall be borne by the drinker.

Sweet Dreams Soda<br />Fans of SoulGlad are spread throughout the cosmos. We have specially developed a number of different flavors with regional characteristics out of consideration of consumers in other star systems. Sweet Dreams Soda has been specially designed for consumers in the Xianzhou Alliance, carefully selecting local ingredients such as the dream-speaker flower and the calming-valerian to create a mellow herbal aroma that strengthens the body, aids sleep, and calms the nerves.<br />Note: To avoid purchasing counterfeit goods, please do not purchase Sweet Dreams Soda from Xianzhou Group Deals or any other unofficial channels.

Epochal SoulGlad<br />You won't find Epochal SoulGlad on any store shelf in the universe, but it's the most delicious beverage in the whole universe &mdash; and is what SoulGlad should have been.<br />Back when Penacony still served as a prison facility, SoulGlad's founder, Mr. Sousa, visited &mdash; only to discover a mysterious dreamleaf from which he concocted an extremely delicious sweet beverage. He spent the rest of his life trying to perfect it, finally creating the most perfect drink in the universe: Epochal SoulGlad! Unfortunately, as dreamleaf became extinct, this sumptuous flavor was eradicated from the world...<br />Note: Thanks to the undying efforts of SoulGlad company's research, dreamleaf has now returned from extinction to the Dreamscape. This once-lost delicacy has survived to see the light of day once more! If you'd like to try this legendary flavor, please come to Penacony and experience it for yourself!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = SoulGlad Cyclopedia
|zhs  = 苏乐达小百科
|zht  = 蘇樂達小百科
|ja   = スラーダ小百科
|ko   = 솔글래드 백과사전
|es   = Enciclopedia de FelizAlma
|fr   = La cyclopédie du Félicitâme
|ru   = Энциклопедия «Услады»
|th   = สารานุกรม SoulGlad
|vi   = Bách Khoa SoulGlad
|de   = Enzyklopädie des SeelFroh
|id   = Ensiklopedia SoulGlad
|pt   = Enciclopédia FelizAlma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}