<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Search For Calypso#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 368
|partIds      = 190663
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A checklist of destinations left by a passenger of the Radiant Feldspar.
|part1        = The Search For Calypso
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Penacony
}}
'''The Search For Calypso''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''The end is near. My dying moment... shall eclipse all other moments.''<br />
''Only in death will we no longer be viewed as outsiders.''

'''Moment of Daybreak'''<br />
This is quite interesting. According to the structure of Penacony, while I'm still very far from death, this is indeed the last time that I'll be able to see the sunrise.<br />
Therefore, I shall strip myself of "motivation" and thoroughly bury it in this Moment.<br />
Motivation was what helped me to earn a small courtyard in my hometown. Before it was completely covered by the sandstorm, the courtyard had once created wonderful memories for many people, as they sat on the lawn and ate strawberries dipped in cream...<br />
''Note: The consciousness that had been stripped from me actually turned into a calypso as it fell... What a remarkable place Penacony is. Or perhaps... is it because such flowers have left a deep impression on me?''<br />
''When I was but a youth, I would frequently search for calypsos absentmindedly as I strolled. Thinking of their floriography, perhaps these flowers complement the "true purpose" of this journey extremely well.''

'''Gilded Hour'''<br />
What a busy place. These people who constructed an entire city around a wheel and don't even have time to relax, having traded their souls to the devil.<br />
Ahh, in order to fit in with them, I shall strip myself of "logic" and thoroughly bury it in this Moment.<br />
I once used this logic to ponder the mysteries of the starry night. Even though my reflections did not yield results, at least I can say that I've tried.<br />
''I can't believe everything that I'm doing is actually feasible... Although my actions are completely different from those taken by the manic fans. I do not wish to create an existence in the Dreamscape. Rather, I wish to scatter myself throughout the Dreamscape. Although, surprisingly... my plan is proceeding smoother than I had anticipated.''

'''Moment of Sol'''<br />
Breakfast was pretty good, just like dinner was... and perhaps even lunch.<br />
I used to have 1,750 books in my collection, too. Therefore, in memory of them, I shall strip myself of "knowledge" and thoroughly bury it in this Moment.<br />
''Although my motives were exceptionally pure when I began... since my life is coming to an end, perhaps I can use this method to merge as one with the majestic Dreamscape. Yet, now it seems that... if the Dreamer's consciousness does indeed intermingle with the Dreamscape, could I... could I perhaps become a part of other people and follow them back into reality?''<br />
''Yes, perhaps this is the last time that I'll remember its floriography... I shall hide.''

'''Moment of Oasis'''<br />
There are so many people here. This beach is so beautiful that it reminds me of the beach.<br />
I wish to eat some sugary shaved ice... Hmm, perhaps I could leave my "desire" here?

'''Moment of Scorchsand'''<br />
Why did I decide to do this? I'm tired, so tired...<br />
The wind here... is so strong, like the gales that I saw when I was a child...<br />
I... I'm very scared.<br />
"Memory," you shall stay here. All of you, apart from...

'''Blue Hour'''<br />
Those lights are strikingly similar to your azure eyes...<br />
I remember... I remember that on a day in August, you were straightening your hair as you turned to the side and looked at me...<br />
Alright, continuing that thought... I have no choice but to leave "my love for you" here.<br />
Yet I cannot bear to do so.<br />
When will I leave?

'''Moment of Dusk'''<br />
Have I bought you presents before?<br />
Can I buy it here? Can a dead person still receive my gifts?<br />
Alright, continuing that thought... I have no choice but to leave "my love for you" here.<br />
...Huh?

'''Moment of Stars'''<br />
While I sit alone, the rest of the people here all seem to have come as couples.<br />
Back then, were we like them as well?<br />
Alright, continuing that thought... I have no choice but to leave "my love for you" here.<br />
But... why...

'''Golden Hour'''<br />
I do not wish to continue on.<br />
I want to recover them, all of them...<br />
I no longer wish for them to exist till the end of time. Instead, I want to remember them myself, until I have truly died.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Search For Calypso
|zhs  = 寻找卡利普索
|zht  = 尋找卡利普索
|ja   = カリプソを探して
|ko   = 칼립소를 찾아서
|es   = La búsqueda de Calipso
|fr   = En quête de calypsos
|ru   = В поисках Калипсо
|th   = ตามหา Calypso
|vi   = Đi Tìm Calypso
|de   = Die Suche nach Calypso
|id   = Pencarian Calypso
|pt   = A Busca por Calipso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}