<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Paperfold University Student Handbook — Comments on the 43rd Revised Edition#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 402
|partIds      = 190697
|title        = The Paperfold University Student Handbook &mdash; Comments on the 43rd Revised Edition
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A record of teachers' evaluations towards revisions to the student handbook. You get a real sense of the free and unrestrained school spirit of Paperfold University from the discussions within.
|part1        = The Paperfold University Student Handbook &mdash; Comments on the 43rd Revised Edition
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''The Paperfold University Student Handbook &mdash; Comments on the 43rd Revised Edition''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
...

'''New Student Guide (Bottom of Page 3)'''<br />If you encounter an issue with school facilities, please contact <s>the School Technology Division</s><u>a member of the IT Club</u>.<br />''- Why are we firing everyone in the Technology Division?<br />- Last year, new Fortune Academy students wrote a report of over 40 dangerous loopholes within the campus communications network. The technology team back then scoffed and dismissed the report. So, to prove it, these freshmen hacked the grade reports of all students and turned them into ecology illustrations of marine creatures in Lushaka.<br />- How was this problem resolved?<br />- You will have to ask them.<br />- Approved''

'''Guide to Campus Facilities (Middle of Page 15)'''<br />If you want a romantic atmosphere<s> and the joy of accidents when entering the dream</s>, the roof of the Charmony Academy main teaching building can't be beat! Here, you can enjoy the scenery of the entire Moment and meet up harmoniously with your singing partner<s>. Plus, if you confess and get rejected, you can give in to your rushing emotions, take a leap from the highest spot, and use that</s> for more creative inspiration!<br />''- I'm sure the reason goes without saying, right?<br />- I thought our school creed was freedom?<br />- Yeah! Plus, this is the dreamscape, so they'll be fine.<br />- I'm sure all the teachers have heard about what happened to that top Charmony Academy student when they returned home after graduation, right?<br />- Voting result 46 to 44, with the remaining abstaining. Approved.''

'''Outstanding Teacher Introduction (Page 47) New Addition'''<br />Fortune Academy - James Hawkins<br />''- Mr. Hawkins is indeed an exceptional teacher. His class is the only open lecture in the Fortune Academy that received positive anonymous reviews, and many of his students are already receiving interest from the IPC.<br />- Yeah, just the fact that he first arrived as a stowaway and pretended to be a teacher for half a year in the academy without being discovered shows just how skilled he is.<br />- Unanimously approved.''

'''Outstanding Graduate Introduction (Page 59) Removal'''<br />Dreamweaver Academy - Ashley<br />''- A new student came to ask me about the stories of these outstanding graduates. Normally, I should remember them all, but this is the only graduate that I have zero recollection of.<br />- Mr. Dahl came to see me about this before, too, but I had no memories of this student either. When I contacted the other students who graduated that year, not one of them remembered this particular student.<br />- Did this person ever exist in our academy?<br />- Approved. Note to self, organize a dedicated follow-up meeting to discuss this.''

...

'''Rules and Regulations (Pages 32 to 40) Adjustments:'''<br />(Revised) Students are prohibited from drinking excess SoulGlad™ and all its derivate beverages on campus<u> except Ice SoulGlad</u>.<br />''- This regulation has already been amended over seventy times. Please explain further motivation for this revision.<br />- Mr. Dungeon drank seventeen bottles of SoulGlad in a row during a vocal music class and was reported by students. The reason for the report was that they wanted to drink SoulGlad too. However, what the students did not know was that Mr. Dungeon had no choice but to do this to maintain his body temperature and replenish his stamina. Not to mention that Mr. Dungeon's stomach issues were originally caused by the infuriation he suffers from teaching that class.<br />- Though the academy does not encourage this behavior, considering the obviously outstanding teaching skills of Mr. Dungeon, this will be approved temporarily with a probationary period.''

(New addition) Students are prohibited from using the personal property of the faculty in the name of study.<br />''- Does this article need to be explicitly listed? What's more, if it really is for the purpose of study and education, is it not normal for us to be a little more lenient?<br />- Last year, those Dreamweaver Academy troublemakers took my car apart in the middle of the night, moved the parts into my office, and then reassembled it in there! They threatened me and said that if I didn't give them a good grade, they would not help me move it. The car was wider than the door frame, so there was no way for me to drive it out! I had to walk to work for two months, and I'd be taking that car apart after work every single day.<br />- Was it the same kids who took all the keys off of every keyboard in the school and put them back rearranged into perfect sonnets?<br />- Come to think of it, the Dreamweaver Academy said that they were extremely skilled students. I heard they were later all recruited by famous intergalactic businesses... Remind me. Did you end up giving them a higher grade?<br />- I did.<br />- Approved.''

...

'''{{Size|28|Non-approved amendments:}}'''

'''Rules and Regulations (New Addition)'''<br />Students are not to identify themselves as cats, dogs, rocks, or other random objects.<br />''- Everyone, please remain calm. The member of staff that suggested this rule has been fired.<br />- I suspect that particular person had a personal issue with Mr. Mengbu. After all, everyone is aware that Mr. Mengbu is a tyrannosaurus rex.<br />- Regardless, I feel deep regret seeing that such an opinion has been suggested.''

'''Outstanding Teacher Introduction (Page 48) Removal '''<br />Charmony Academy - Miss Jameson<br />''- I don't think that it's appropriate to feature a former teacher who was arrested for forming an armed resistance organization in this column.<br />- But the students admire her even more for this, and they even call her "Boss Lady" behind her back. She was even featured in this year's Charmony Academy promotional posters.<br />- No wonder so many of this year's Charmony Academy original programs contained elements and images of smoke and war...<br />- These two matters are not related, right?<br />- Voting result 22 to 50, remaining abstaining. The column remains.''

...

'''The "Slumbernana Association" should be granted three million Alfalfa credits for their budget next year'''<br />''- This is a student handbook revision! Who submitted such a ridiculous opinion here? Send them to the dean's office to see me immediately!''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Paperfold University Student Handbook &mdash; Comments on the 43rd Revised Edition
|zhs  = 折纸大学学生手册•第43版修订意见
|zht  = 摺紙大學學生手冊•第43版修訂意見
|ja   = 折り紙大学学生手帳・第43版修正意見
|ko   = 종이접기 아카데미 학생 수첩•제43판 수정 의견
|es   = Manual del estudiante de la Academia de Origami - Comentarios sobre la edición editada n.º 43
|fr   = Manuel de l'étudiant de l'Université Origami - Commentaires sur la 43ème édition corrigée
|ru   = Руководство Академии оригами для студентов. Комментарии к 43-му изданию.
|th   = คู่มือนักศึกษามหาวิทยาลัย Paperfold (ข้อแนะนำแก้ไขฉบับที่ 43)
|vi   = Sổ tay sinh viên Học Viện Gấp Giấy-Ý kiến sửa đổi lần thứ 43
|de   = Studentenhandbuch der Origami-Akademie: Anmerkungen zur 43. Revision
|id   = Buku Panduan Mahasiswa Paperfold University: Komentar Revisi Edisi 43
|pt   = O Manual dos Estudantes da Academia Dobradura - Comentários sobre a 43ª Edição Revisada
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}