<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Watchmaker Investigation Record#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 324
|partIds      = 190597
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The Family's investigation and analysis of the Watchmaker's feats and eyewitness testimonies.
|part1        = Watchmaker Investigation Record
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Penacony; The Family
}}
'''Watchmaker Investigation Record''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
According to historical records preserved in the Moment of Sol, the Watchmaker existed before the establishment of The Family council. He gained support from several influential founding figures in Penacony, including Hanunue and Glaux, and leveraged this advantage to acquire the right to have a say in decisions regarding this world. He therefore achieved greatness and exerted his will in Penacony, ultimately becoming the "Father of Penacony."

Despite his esteemed reputation, he has managed to maintain his secrecy through various means. There are over three hundred different types of the Watchmaker's appearances documented in interviews and written records alone. These forms can be categorized into two types.

The first type of form is often non-human. He would use unconventional items as media for remote communication, with the Sweet Dreams Troupe, Clockie toys, and cartoon ornaments in the Clock Studios Theme Park being the most common. He assumes such guises in most interactions with his partners and employees.

The second type of form is usually an intelligent life form, potentially, potentially being the Watchmaker's true self. This form commonly appears in eyewitness reports and urban legends. Rumors say he often dresses in gorgeous attire and would appear amidst the grandeur of Penacony, attending banquets with successful Dreamchasers.

The Bloodhound Family has examined the memories of witnesses and revealed that nearly 6% of the eyewitness reports are genuine. However, it is strange that the Watchmaker appears as a blurred image with a bizarre voice in each memory, with inconsistent details such as body type, appearance, and even gender once these memories have been decoded.

We hypothesize that the Watchmaker possesses the ability to conceal his appearance on a memory level, an ability often associated with Enigmata. Therefore, there might be external forces supporting the Watchmaker.

While we acknowledge that the Watchmaker's investments in Clock Studios, Clockie Pizza, and Clock Hand Foundation have contributed somewhat to the development of Penacony, we must not overlook the damage the Watchmaker has inflicted upon The Family's interests. The most severe case was the Clock Credit Crisis, which involved a speculative token introduced by the Watchmaker that severely disrupted the Dreamscape's economy. It took the Alfalfa Family decades to eventually resolve the crisis, causing outrageous market disruption unparalleled in several Amber Eras.

According to reports from the Alfalfa Family, the Watchmaker has repeatedly employed financial, marketing, investment, and even fraudulent tactics to gain an advantage in emerging markets, encroaching upon The Family's rightful interests. He organizes balls in the Blue Hour to enhance his reputation and continuously expand his influence in society. As a result, many misguided Dreamchasers regard him as their idol, and a considerable number of potential business partners of The Family have been lured towards his enterprises instead.

Given the aforementioned circumstances, the Oak Family proposes an investigation into the Watchmaker and his affiliated forces in the current system year. This is necessary to prevent further interference with The Family's development and the Charmony Festival.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Watchmaker Investigation Record
|zhs  = 「钟表匠」调查记录
|zht  = 「鐘錶匠」調查紀錄
|ja   = 「時計屋」調査記録
|ko   = 「시계공」 조사 기록
|es   = Registro de investigación del Relojero
|fr   = Rapport d'enquête sur l'Horloger
|ru   = Следственные материалы по Часовщику
|th   = บันทึกการตรวจสอบ "ช่างนาฬิกา"
|vi   = Ghi Chép Điều Tra "Thợ Đồng Hồ"
|de   = Bericht über die Untersuchung gegen den Uhrmacher
|id   = Catatan Investigasi "Watchmaker"
|pt   = Registro de Investigação do Relojoeiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}