<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Whispers of the Elites: A Reporter's Correspondence#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 365
|partIds      = 190660
|title        = 
|image        = Item Penacony Readable 1.png
|world        = Penacony
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Correspondence between a certain reporter on the airship and their chief editor
|part1        = Whispers of the Elites: A Reporter's Correspondence
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Whispers of the Elites: A Reporter's Correspondence''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Penacony]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Mail No. 1</div><br />From: Carl@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />To: Dahlia@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />Subject: Nice View Aboard the Radiant Feldspar!<br />Dear Dahlia,

Guess where I am! Hehe, it's the Radiant Feldspar! Life here is crazier than you can imagine. Look at all these celebrities from across the cosmos! But here I am anyway, someone who slipped in using my connections. Hahaha!

The view from the deck of the Radiant Feldspar is quite something. I've been hanging out here for a few days and whoa, can you believe all the gossip I've heard? And they're all big scoops too!<br />So, chief, you must have heard about what happened with the Charmony Festival, right? Everyone was so hyped for the show's opening, but they suddenly canceled it due to an "unidentified Stellaron attack."

Thing is, I overheard some news: They'll be rescheduling. Guess where they'll be holding the show this time?

<div align="center">Mail No. 2</div><br />From: Dahlia@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />To: Carl@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />Subject: Re: Nice View Aboard the Radiant Feldspar!<br />Carl, you lucky duck! How did you even get on board the Radiant Feldspar!?

Alright, stop keeping me in suspense. What's the scoop? I'll have to assess the material before I can reserve the front page for you. Don't forget that the boss needs to approve this too, so you'd better have some solid proof to back up those claims.

<div align="center">Mail No. 3</div><br />From: Carl@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />To: Dahlia@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />Subject: Intel - Charmony Festival's Shocking Truth<br />You got it, chief!

Here's the scoop: They'll be hosting the Charmony Festival again, but this time, they'll be doing it right here on the Radiant Feldspar. I'm still sorting out the details, but long story short, I managed to coax some info out of a few airship staff members and local Penaconian celebrities on board. Check out the attached audio recording for proof. What I do know is that they're definitely gearing up for the opening of the Charmony Festival because the cast and crew are already doing rehearsals. Can't say for sure if it's really going to be held on the Radiant Feldspar, but judging from how things are looking, it's very likely.

As for why they rescheduled, there are many theories. Some say it's because of infighting within The Family, while others say it's because the IPC got involved. For the latter, the story goes that The Family wasn't keen on the IPC as their exclusive sponsor, and they were retaliated on before negotiations could finish. But the most interesting piece of news I heard alleges that it's because Robin got into trouble. Rumor has it that she intends to terminate her contract with The Family and transfer to the IPC, but The Family doesn't want to let her go.

What's more, I ran into some IPC workers on the airship, and I even heard that a good number of super high-ranking IPC leaders are here too. Other than that, I also got to talking to someone in-the-know. This person was supposed to be on marriage leave, but he was suddenly transferred to Penacony for official business. You don't kick up this much fuss for anyone but a star like Robin.

Attachment: Audio Recording-2392379451

<div align="center">Mail No. 4</div><br />From: Dahlia@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />To: Carl@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />Subject: Re: Intel - Charmony Festival's Shocking Truth<br />Carl, you should know that the IPC has been trying to reclaim Penacony for a long time now. Even if they were really there for Robin's contract, that would make it a business negotiation. If we were to publish anything on that, the IPC would sue our pants off. Are you trying to make us lose our current ad deals?

I've verified the recording with the boss. Everyone has already been speculating that they'll reschedule the Charmony Festival, so if you have solid proof on that, we'll reserve the front page for you. As for the news about Robin terminating her contract, that's a no-go.

If you have the time, try looking into whether she's been attending the new rehearsals instead. Check if she's been slacking off or giving attitude to the staff. Better yet, snap a misleading photo of her looking like she messed up, and we can fluff up the word count and slap it on the front page alongside news of the new Charmony Festival rehearsals. Dig up some bigger scoops, and we'll do both front page and feature page. If that's not enough, we can even publish a standalone special edition!

One last reminder: Do not involve yourself in any of the IPC's business matters. The magazine doesn't want trouble!

<div align="center">Mail No. 5</div><br />From: Carl@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />To: Dahlia@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />Subject: Re: Re: Intel - Charmony Festival's Shocking Truth<br />I talked to some celebrities on the airship and got some new info. I now have a better idea of which topics to focus on. Here's a rundown:

First, a fashion designer mentioned that Robin didn't approach any brands for a haute couture gown. She's an insider, so she should've heard news about whether or not she's approached a local Penaconian brand, but there just wasn't any. It's possible for Robin to perform in a debuted gown, but that's not how things usually go.

Next, I spoke to a few socialites I know. The information I got from them was mostly trivial, but I sorted through them anyway.<br />To summarize, people are speculating that the Robin we see now might be a stand-in and not the real deal. They say that the real Robin has been canceled by The Family, and they are keeping her out of the limelight.

This came from fans who grew suspicious after Robin stopped making her usual public appearances for multiple days. The official website also stopped publishing any news about her. There were unofficial sources that reported sightings of her here and there, but none of them were backed up by solid proof. When the fans demanded answers from Robin's management team, the team uploaded a short clip of Robin in a rehearsal. However, when the fans compared the short with old photos, they noticed that her hands seemed slimmer than before. This made them suspect that the person in the clip was a stand-in. After all, you can change someone's facial appearance through plastic surgery, but not the bone structure of their limbs. It's just not possible.

Her face also appears to be puffier than usual. More importantly, though, the feathers on her Halovian wings look especially stiff. When they did a frame-by-frame comparison of the video, they noticed that the feathers didn't even move! This made them suspect that it was just a prop. Either way, everyone thinks she looks kind of gaunt and has lost some of her idol charm. Still, didn't they release that video at this time just to appease suspicions? It just gets stranger and stranger. It feels like they hired a stand-in to gloss things over, but we aren't fools. They're just making it more obvious that something is wrong.

I've recently obtained the fan's frame-by-frame screenshots and video footage. There might actually be something to this rumor. I've chucked them all into the attachment so you can look for yourself!

Attachment: Robin Video Frame-by-Frame Comparison Package

<div align="center">Mail No. 6</div><br />From: Dahlia@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />To: Carl@GalaxyEntertainmentWeekly<br />Subject: Re: Re: Re: Intel - Charmony Festival's Shocking Truth<br />Niiice!

I've done the layout and left you enough space on the feature page and even thought of the headline for you. Let's call this article series "Where's Robin?"!

The Charmony Festival is too serious a topic. Many readers will only take a few quick glances to see if the festival's still happening, but if they see news of a celebrity getting into trouble, that's the kind of stuff they'll bite! Considering how popular Robin is, you should contact her fans and arrange an interview. Let the fans express their needs and then press The Family for an explanation. If The Family actually responds, we'll publish their statement in the next issue. Our magazines will totally fly off the shelves!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Whispers of the Elites: A Reporter's Correspondence
|zhs  = 名流密语，某位记者的往来邮件
|zht  = 名流密語，某位記者的往來信件
|ja   = 名士の密談。某記者のやり取りのメール
|ko   = 명사의 밀담, 어떤 기자가 주고받은 메일
|es   = Susurros de la élite: La correspondencia de un reportero
|fr   = Murmures des élites&nbsp;: correspondance journalistique
|ru   = Секреты знаменитостей: письма журналиста
|th   = ความลับของคนดัง: จดหมายโต้ตอบของนักข่าวคนหนึ่ง
|vi   = Mật Ngữ Của Người Nổi Tiếng, Thư Từ Trao Đổi Của Một Phóng Viên
|de   = Flüstern der Eliten: Die Korrespondenz eines Reporters
|id   = Pesan Komunikasi seorang Reporter mengenai Rahasia Selebritas
|pt   = Sussurros das Elites: Correspondência de uma Repórter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}