<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Death's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Nihility*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Nihility. Inflicts Burn, Shock, Bleed, and 2 stacks of Wind Shear to all enemy targets, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s). After being attacked by a character, the aforementioned DoTs immediately deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|25%}} of the original DMG.
|mentions = Thanatos
}}
'''Death's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is a nihilistic past inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the trace of Thanatos, the Hand of Shadow.<br />No one had ever truly seen Thanatos.<br />All descriptions of them were either fabrications or fragments of dreams.<br />Poets claimed that souls were the foundation of all things.<br />They were carried to the farthest reaches of the west wind, transforming into fine rain that descended towards the afterlife.<br />Thus, with life came death, and in between, the unchanging souls flowed.<br />But since the black tide swept across the land, death had long eclipsed life.<br />The souls wandering along the banks of the River of Souls had lost their destinations,<br />With fewer and fewer of them returning to this world.<br />Emptiness bred deceit, and death nurtured fear.<br />Had Thanatos, too, been corroded by the black tide? Had they been driven mad and no longer ferried souls?<br />Or, as the most pessimistic fools feared,<br />Had the god of death long perished in silence?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Death's Miracle
|zhs  = 死亡之神迹
|zht  = 死亡之神跡
|ja   = 「{{Rubi|死|し}}」の{{Rubi|神跡|しんせき}}
|ko   = 죽음의 기적
|es   = Milagro de la muerte
|fr   = Miracle de la Mort
|ru   = Чудо смерти
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งความตาย
|vi   = Thần Tích Tử Vong
|de   = Wunder des Todes
|id   = Death's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre da Morte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}