<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Passage's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Harmony*16
|effect   = Spends 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Harmony, dealing Quantum DMG to all enemy targets and Break their Weaknesses at {{Color|h|1,000%}} Break Effect. When Weakness is Broken, triggers all Weakness Break effects from all Types.
|mentions = Janus
}}
'''Passage's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is a harmonious celebration inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Janus, the Gate of Infinity.<br />In an era before the calamity spread,<br />A grand festival was being held in Janusopolis.<br />The god unraveled the threads of destiny, weaving a common intersection for all travelers.<br />Forests that used to trap walkers were no longer hard to navigate. Paths that were blocked by rocks were now clear.<br />All the roads leading to the sacred land opened wide.<br />Janus lightly touched each doorway again, bestowing blessings<br />And guiding the pilgrims stepping through them to the shared destination.<br />The priests inaugurated the banquet with their chants.<br />Adventurers who had roamed the earth raised their goblets in a toast.<br />Messengers and kings from all city-states gathered together to celebrate the start of a new year.<br />Cast aside worries and disputes! Sing the same prayer in unison!}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Passage's Miracle
|zhs  = 门径之神迹
|zht  = 門徑之神跡
|ja   = 「{{Rubi|門|もん}}と{{Rubi|道|みち}}」の{{Rubi|神跡|しんせき}}
|ko   = 통로의 기적
|es   = Milagro de las sendas
|fr   = Miracle du Passage
|ru   = Чудо врат
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งทรวาร
|vi   = Thần Tích Cánh Cổng
|de   = Wunder der Tore
|id   = Passage's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre da Passagem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}