<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Reason's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Erudition*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Erudition. Deals minor Imaginary DMG to all enemy targets. Additionally, links the enemy with the highest Max HP with other enemies, inflicting "{{Extra Effect|Central Link|61000303}}" on all enemies, and regenerating Energy equal to {{Color|h|100%}} of Max Energy to all allies.
|mentions = Cerces
}}
'''Reason's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is an erudite utterance inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Cerces, the Bough of Rift.<br />A girl from Idilia was born with wisdom far surpassing that of ordinary people.<br />She solved all the puzzles left over a century.<br />With no questions left to challenge her, she found the sacred tree of Cerces.<br />In her arrogance, she prayed to Cerces for a question,<br />Believing even the Titans could not stump her.<br />She claimed to have exhausted all knowledge of the world, and wished to prove,<br />That she was wiser even than the gods.<br />Cerces asked, "What lies beyond Amphoreus?"<br />Bewildered, the girl stood motionless for three days and nights, unable to answer.<br />What, indeed, was the answer to the question?<br />The god smiled and swayed their branches, for they too did not know.<br />Admitting their own ignorance was what made them wiser than the girl.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Reason's Miracle
|zhs  = 理性之神迹
|zht  = 理性之神跡
|ja   = 「{{Rubi|理性|りせい}}」の{{Rubi|神跡|しんせき}}
|ko   = 이성의 기적
|es   = Milagro de la razón
|fr   = Miracle de la Raison
|ru   = Чудо разума
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งเหตุผล
|vi   = Thần Tích Lý Trí
|de   = Wunder der Vernunft
|id   = Reason's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre da Razão
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}