<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Romance's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Propagation*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use this ability and trigger Boundary Resonance with the Path of Propagation. Causes one designated ally to immediately take action and recovers {{Color|h|5}} Skill Point(s). Gains the "{{Trait|Levitation}}" effect. When any enemy unit is defeated by a character with "{{Trait|Levitation}}," Boundary Equation regenerates {{Color|h|50}} Energy, with the Max Energy set at 200.
|mentions = Mnestia
}}
'''Romance's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is a tale of love and propagation inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Mnestia, the Chrysalis of Gold.<br />The god of beauty and love was so fragile that<br />Even a torrential rain could break their wings.<br />The Titankins, bearing the creator's image, hide beneath leaves, weeping.<br />They prayed to the gods for blessings.<br />"Born for such torment, why should we bother to flap our wings again?"<br />Hearing their prayers, the Chrysalis of Gold scattered their shimmering scale dust,<br />Covering the wings of the Titankins and granting them hundreds and thousands of offspring.<br />Their bodies grew heavy with the dust, and their lives shortened.<br />Bees and butterflies danced among flowers, only to age and die in a moment.<br />Yet hatched from eggs, their offspring continued the endless dance.<br />Oh, fragile butterfly! Life is short, why not dance to another tune?<br />}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Romance's Miracle
|zhs  = 浪漫之神迹
|zht  = 浪漫之神跡
|ja   = 「浪漫」の神跡
|ko   = 낭만의 기적
|es   = Milagro del romance
|fr   = Miracle de la Romance
|ru   = Чудо романтики
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งจินตนิยม
|vi   = Thần Tích Lãng Mạn
|de   = Wunder der Romantik
|id   = Romance's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre do Romance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}