<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sky's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Destruction*16
|effect   = Spends 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Destruction, dealing Fire DMG to all enemy targets, consumes all allies' HP until {{Color|h|60%}}, and increases all ally targets' Max HP by {{Color|h|100%}}. At the start of the turn, restore {{Color|h|100%}} of the acting unit's consumed HP, lasting for {{Color|h|4}} turn(s).
|mentions = Aquila; Okhema
}}
'''Sky's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is a moment of destruction inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Aquila, the Eye of Twilight.<br />In ancient times, a wise king once built a vessel to traverse the sky.<br />Arrogant politicians promised the people that they would challenge the authority of the Titans.<br />Ridiculous jesters eulogized the usurper, declaring that the eternal sovereign would reign over the sky.<br />They vowed to surpass Okhema, ascend through layers of clouds,<br />Tread the city of the sky priests underfoot, and even break the sky to rise above the blazing sun.<br />People sang of the usurper's greatness, as they hauled wood, wove hides,<br />And forged roaring machinery to draw and support the flying steel behemoth.<br />How magnificent! Bearing the pride and arrogance of an entire nation, it sailed in the direction of the realm of the gods.<br />How laughable! Flesh and steel were obliterated in the thunder, in the blink of an eye.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sky's Miracle
|zhs  = 天空之神迹
|zht  = 天空之神跡
|ja   = 「天空」の神跡
|ko   = 천공의 기적
|es   = Milagro del cielo
|fr   = Miracle du Ciel
|ru   = Чудо неба
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งนภา
|vi   = Thần Tích Bầu Trời
|de   = Wunder des Himmels
|id   = Sky's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre do Céu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}