<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Strife's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = The Hunt*16
|effect   = Spends 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of The Hunt, dealing Wind DMG to all enemy targets and advances all allies' actions by {{Color|h|100%}}, with the Max Energy being 200.
|mentions = Nikador
}}
'''Strife's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is an instance of the hunt inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Nikador, the Lance of Fury.<br />Countless witnesses had beheld the conqueror's heroic bearing as they fought in the sky.<br />Lightning swept across their shoulders, and the winged Titankin gnawed at their arms.<br />The fearless God of Strife spared no time to wipe away the golden blood.<br />In response, a hundred lances pierced through the dark clouds.<br />Wounded, the many-eyed giant bird of the sky dome shrieked and fled.<br />The Father of Victory traversed mountains and valleys<br />To relentlessly hunt the arrogant foe that usurped the sky.<br />Across Amphoreus, from north to south,<br />Lances like inverted raindrops pierced the sky, illuminating the night.<br />Thunder spears roared eternally as they struck the earth.<br />Imitating the divine, the sky priests and the warriors of Kremnos clashed head-on.<br />This hunt would never cease until one side was utterly annihilated.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Strife's Miracle
|zhs  = 纷争之神迹
|zht  = 紛爭之神跡
|ja   = 「紛争」の神跡
|ko   = 분쟁의 기적
|es   = Milagro del conflicto
|fr   = Miracle du Conflit
|ru   = Чудо раздора
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งปฏิปักษ์
|vi   = Thần Tích Phân Tranh
|de   = Wunder des Zwists
|id   = Strife's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre do Conflito
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}