<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Time's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Remembrance*16
|effect   = Spend 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Remembrance, dealing Ice DMG to all enemy targets with a high chance of Freezing them for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). After being attacked by memosprite while under this Freeze effect, additionally take True DMG equal to {{Color|h|8%}} of Max HP. Every time the enemy target is afflicted with this Freeze state, this DMG can be triggered a maximum of {{Color|h|4}} time(s).
|mentions = Oronyx
}}
'''Time's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is an ancient remembrance inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Oronyx, the Veil of Evernight.<br />Born before the Chrysos War,<br />The great hero Corinchi set out on a grand journey for the throne.<br />He drank with gods in the sea and wrestled with their creations,<br />Ascended the sacred mountain under the guidance of priests,<br />And slew the black-fanged monster born from the nightmares of the earth.<br />Having won all the honors a hero could ask for,<br />He returned to his homeland, only to look down upon ruins.<br />How sorrowful it was! If only his life stopped the moment before he crossed the mountains.<br />If only he could have perished in his most glorious moment! The hero prayed to the gods.<br />The starry night's song swept over the mountain peak, stirring the passage of time,<br />Halting his steps in that final moment, and crystallizing him into a star in the sky.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Time's Miracle
|zhs  = 岁月之神迹
|zht  = 歲月之神跡
|ja   = 「歳月」の神跡
|ko   = 세월의 기적
|es   = Milagro del tiempo
|fr   = Miracle du Temps
|ru   = Чудо времени
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งกาลเวลา
|vi   = Thần Tích Thời Gian
|de   = Wunder der Zeit
|id   = Time's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre do Tempo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}