<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Trickery's Miracle#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = boundary
|path1    = Elation*16
|effect   = Can consume 100 points of Energy to use the ability and achieve Boundary Resonance with the Path of Elation, dealing Follow-up ATK DMG of a random Type to all enemy targets for {{Color|h|5}} – {{Color|h|10}} time(s). All allies' Basic ATK / Skill / Ultimate DMG is considered as Follow-up ATK DMG for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = Avsha; Zagreus
}}
'''Trickery's Miracle''' is a Boundary [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is a fleeting elation inscribed on a stone tablet. This is the miracle of Zagreus, the Coin of Whimsy.<br />Avsha, a land of truth and integrity,<br />Knew no thieves or gamblers, no flowery words or cunning speeches.<br />There, you could find all the virtues humanity has to offer,<br />Until the whispers of Zagreus chiseled a faint crack within.<br />"I can create truth with lies and weave lies from truth."<br />The disguised outlander swapped tattered rags draped in silk for gold,<br />And turned honey brew into muddy soup in plain view of all.<br />Yet no punishment could touch them, for they had never lied.<br />And so, the first liar of Avsha was born.<br />To avoid deception, mortals began scheming against one another.<br />Amidst the laughter of the gods, the former land of integrity became rife with lies.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Trickery's Miracle
|zhs  = 诡计之神迹
|zht  = 詭計之神跡
|ja   = 「{{Rubi|詭術|きじゅつ}}」の{{Rubi|神跡|しんせき}}
|ko   = 계략의 기적
|es   = Milagro del engaño
|fr   = Miracle de la Ruse
|ru   = Чудо коварства
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์แห่งเพทุบาย
|vi   = Thần Tích Mưu Kế
|de   = Wunder der Täuschung
|id   = Trickery's Miracle
|pt   = Milagre da Trapaça
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}