<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm: Nest Exploration (Second Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19001-2
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 043
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Swarm: Nest Exploration (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Kill them.
|result_1 = Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)

|choice_2 = Leave quietly.

|chance_2_1 = 50%
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into a high-tech, streamlined suspended matrix &mdash; a trap you believe to be used only by the most cutting-edge hunter on the Planet Snowland.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You get to your feet and find yourself landing before the entrance of a lair. You draw the curtain open and recognize the Combatobugs. As ground combat units, they traded their flying abilities in exchange for heavy and rigid exoskeletons.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' These Combatobugs make a sucking sound... You hesitate to enter the lair and hunt for them, as you might find yourself coated in the insects' scent and incur more unwanted attention...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Kill them. &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Lesser Sting*1; Juvenile Sting*2}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave quietly. &mdash; Chance to obtain 1 random Curio. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Outcome 1, 50% chance)
::;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
:;(Outcome 2, 50% chance)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk away quietly, hoping you remain untainted by the scent of the Combatobugs.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm: Nest Exploration (Second Praetorian)
|zhs  = 虫潮•虫巢探险（二级卫戍）
|zht  = 蟲潮•蟲巢探險（二級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|潮|しお}}・{{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|巣|す}}{{Rubi|探険|たんけん}}（{{Rubi|二級守備|にきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 곤충 파도•곤충집 탐험(2급 경비)
|es   = Enjambre: Exploración del nido (segundo pretoriano)
|fr   = Exploration du nid de l'Essaim (deuxième prétorien)
|ru   = Жужжание: Экспедиция по гнезду (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th   = คลื่นแมลง: สำรวจรังแมลง (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi   = Côn Trùng - Khám Phá Ổ Côn Trùng (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de   = Der Schwarm: Nesterkundung (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id   = Swarm: Eksplorasi Sarang Serangga (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt   = Enxame: Exploração de Ninho (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}