<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Time Bank (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 22801
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Trade.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 110
}}
'''Time Bank (I)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = The extremity of a tomato.
|result_1 = Birth Location: The extremity of a tomato.

|choice_2 = Device IX unit compound.
|result_2 = Birth Location: Device IX unit compound.

|choice_3 = Herta Space Station.
|result_3 = Birth Location: Herta Space Station.

|choice_4 = Superalloy concrete.
|result_4 = Species: Superalloy concrete.

|choice_5 = Homo sapiens.
|result_5 = Species: Homo sapien.

|choice_6 = Insect-eating fungi.
|result_6 = Species: Insect-eating fungi.

|choice_7 = Retrieve the bank card.
|result_7 = Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments. Please remember the answers to your security questions.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You sit before the manual service desk of Time Agency Bank. Looking through the water tank, you see a petite teller in front of a processor, changing their skin color and describing the general account opening process.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Just to confirm, you will be depositing a one-hundred standard hour deposit and the Time Agency Bank will pay your interest at a rate of two percent in five rotations' time. If this is correct, please complete verification according to the account opening process."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You nod, reach out your hands and your fingers meet the teller's tentacles through the screen as you complete one identity verification after another.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "In order to ensure the safety of your account, please set a secondary security question and complete operations on the screen."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Question one, where were you born?
:{{DIcon|Star}} The extremity of a tomato. &mdash; Birth Location: The extremity of a tomato.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Device IX unit compound. &mdash; Birth Location: Device IX unit compound.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Herta Space Station. &mdash; Birth Location: Herta Space Station.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Question two, what is your species?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Superalloy concrete. &mdash; Species: Superalloy concrete.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Homo sapiens. &mdash; Species: Homo sapien.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Insect-eating fungi. &mdash; Species: Insect-eating fungi.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Configuration complete. This bank has prepared a gift for customers who activate this service for the first time. Please go to the front desk window and use your debit card to retrieve your reward." The tentacle reaches forward to give you a bank card enclosed in a waterproof envelope.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Retrieve the bank card. &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments. Please remember the answers to your security questions.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Thank you for your support of Time Agency Bank. Always remember: Time is money."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Time Bank (I)
|zhs  = 时间银行（其一）
|zht  = 時間銀行（其一）
|ja   = タイムバンク（その1）
|ko   = 시간 은행 (1)
|es   = Banco del tiempo (I)
|fr   = Banque du temps (I)
|ru   = Банк времени I
|th   = ธนาคารกาลเวลา (I)
|vi   = Ngân Hàng Thời Gian (I)
|de   = Zeit-Bank (Teil 1)
|id   = Bank Waktu (1)
|pt   = Banco de Tempo (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}