<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm: Mind of the Domain (Second Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19201-2
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 048
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Swarm: Mind of the Domain (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Drink the Doctors of Chaos medicine.
|result_1 = You don't know what the effect is. Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s). (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)

|choice_2 = Charge head-on!
|result_2 = Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are on your way to eliminating the *the brain* of the domain.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In fact, you have just parted ways with a Doctor of Chaos, the words of whom are thought-provoking: The Swarm of Propagation is just a bunch of bugs bereft any true intellect beyond their breeding instincts. Who, then, transformed them into this manner of weaponized neural network?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You look closer and notice there is an army of insects in front of you.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Drink the Doctors of Chaos medicine. &mdash; You don't know what the effect is. Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s). (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
:;(Outcome 1, 50% chance)
::;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Propagation)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You feel so rejuvenated as though you have just slathered some cooling ointment on your forehead! But then you star seeing Device IX shifting across the sky, and start to feel unwell... It must be the fault of that Doctor of Chaos! You decide to take a detour and leave immediately.
:;(Outcome 2, 50% chance)
::;(All allies lose 70% of their current HP)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You can feel yourself getting weak... your stomach twisting and churning! It must be the fault of that Doctor of Chaos! You decide to take a detour and leave immediately.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Charge head-on! &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Juvenile Sting*3; Lesser Sting*1}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You are ready to move on... You should be acting very cautiously.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm: Mind of the Domain (Second Praetorian)
|zhs  = 虫潮•区域脑体（二级卫戍）
|zht  = 蟲潮•區域腦體（二級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|潮|しお}}・{{Rubi|区域脳|くいきのう}}（{{Rubi|二級守備|にきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 곤충 파도•구역 두뇌체(2급 경비)
|es   = Enjambre: Mente de zona (segundo pretoriano)
|fr   = Esprit de la Zone de l'Essaim (deuxième prétorien)
|ru   = Жужжание: Разум зоны (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th   = คลื่นแมลง: มันสมองแห่งอาณาเขต (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi   = Côn Trùng - Khu Vực Đầu Não (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de   = Der Schwarm: Gehirn der Region (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id   = Swarm: Otak dari Zona (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt   = Enxame: Mente do Domínio (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}