{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are on your way to eliminating the *the brain* of the domain.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In fact, you have just parted ways with a Doctor of Chaos, the words of whom are thought-provoking: The Swarm of Propagation is just a bunch of bugs bereft any true intellect beyond their breeding instincts. Who, then, transformed them into this manner of weaponized neural network?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You look closer and notice there is an army of insects in front of you.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Drink the Doctors of Chaos medicine. &mdash; You don't know what the effect is. Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s). (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
:;(Outcome 1, 50% chance)
::;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Propagation)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You feel so rejuvenated as though you have just slathered some cooling ointment on your forehead! But then you star seeing Device IX shifting across the sky, and start to feel unwell... It must be the fault of that Doctor of Chaos! You decide to take a detour and leave immediately.
:;(Outcome 2, 50% chance)
::;(All allies lose 70% of their current HP)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You can feel yourself getting weak... your stomach twisting and churning! It must be the fault of that Doctor of Chaos! You decide to take a detour and leave immediately.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Charge head-on! &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Juvenile Sting*3; Lesser Sting*1}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You are ready to move on... You should be acting very cautiously.
{{Dialogue End}}