{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)
|image         = Random Event 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Swarm
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You seem to be lost... and you find the scenery around you familiar. You can recognize the Lord of Eternal Slumber on the putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' But something is different this time. There are more *Sporangium* around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. In the translucent sacs, there seem to be some organic lifeforms... The insignia of Trailblaze can be found on their bodies.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; Low chance to leave safely. (High chance to cause the Swarm's alertness to be greatly increased)
:;(Outcome 1, 50%)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk away hurriedly...
:;(Outcome 2, 50%)
::;(Set allies' HP to 20% of Max HP and Energy to 100% of Max Energy)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' When you are leaving, one of the sac-submerged Nameless lets out a wail! He seems to be hinting at the name of the antidote that can help them escape &mdash; Metabolase...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Help the "Nameless." &mdash; Low chance to obtain a random Curio. High chance to consume all allies' HP to 20% of Max HP. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Outcome 1, 20%)
::;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You approach the Sporangium. Just as you want to reach out for the sacs, one of the Nameless submerged in them lets out a wail to stop you from touching them! After much struggle, he utters the name of the antidote that can help them escape &mdash; Metabolase...
:;(Outcome 2, 80%)
::;(Set allies' HP to 20% of Max HP and Energy to 100% of Max Energy)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You approach the Sporangium and touch them! A strange jolt of electricity shoots straight up to your head, causing you to lose your footing as if you were shocked. Startled by the noise, some Swarm larvae wriggle around, producing a rustling sound.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You glance back at the Lord of Eternal Slumber, still sleeping. Reluctantly, you hurry up and leave before the Swarm can surround you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)
|zhs   = 虫潮•沉睡领主（二级卫戍）
|zht   = 蟲潮•沉睡領主（二級衛戍）
|ja    = 虫の潮・深眠の領主（二級守備）
|ko    = 곤충 파도•깊이 잠든 영주(2급 경비)
|es    = Enjambre: Cacique dormido (segundo pretoriano)
|fr    = Le seigneur assoupi de l'Essaim (deuxième prétorien)
|ru    = Жужжание: Повелитель сна (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th    = คลื่นแมลง: ท่านผู้หลับใหล (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi    = Côn Trùng - Lãnh Chúa Ngủ Say (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de    = Der Schwarm: Schlafender Herrscher (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id    = Swarm: Raja yang Tertidur (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt    = Enxame: Soberano Adormecido (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
