{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (First Praetorian)
|image         = Random Event 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Swarm
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (First Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass by a habitat filled by a massive Swarm. A giant Lord of Eternal Slumber is sleeping soundly on a putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Lord of Eternal Slumber has both its eyes closed. It seems to be lost in its dreams.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You check the map in your hand... and find that your way ahead is blocked! As you are about to take a detour, you notice some newly born *spores* gathering around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. A daring idea blossoms in your mind...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Make a detour. &mdash; Shhh... Stay absolutely quiet. (The Swarm's alertness will be slightly increased)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' In the end, you still decide to take a detour... You steady your breath and fix your gaze on the path ahead. Yet, you overlook the ground and step on some gravel accidentally.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Anxiously, you glance back at the Lord of Eternal Slumber... It remains asleep.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take "spore." &mdash; Obtain one 2-star Blessing of Propagation. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Propagation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You put all the spores into your limitless backpack, feeling lucky to have stumbled upon the precious research samples.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Suddenly, you can sense countless hidden eyes staring at you from the darkness... When you look back at the Lord of Eternal Slumber again, it is still sleeping with its eyes closed. Maybe you made too much noise just now. You feel a hint of unease creeping in...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 虫潮•沉睡领主（一级卫戍）
|zht   = 蟲潮•沉睡領主（一級衛戍）
|ja    = 虫の潮・深眠の領主（一級守備）
|ko    = 곤충 파도•깊이 잠든 영주(1급 경비)
|es    = Enjambre: Cacique dormido (primer pretoriano)
|fr    = Le seigneur assoupi de l'Essaim (premier prétorien)
|ru    = Жужжание: Повелитель сна (гарнизон ур. 1)
|th    = คลื่นแมลง: ท่านผู้หลับใหล (กองกำลังระดับ 1)
|vi    = Côn Trùng - Lãnh Chúa Ngủ Say (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 1)
|de    = Der Schwarm: Schlafender Herrscher (Garnisonsstufe 1)
|id    = Swarm: Raja yang Tertidur (Garnisun Tingkat 1)
|pt    = Enxame: Soberano Adormecido (Primeiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
