<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" — Screwllita#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 20101
|title         = Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Screwllita
|image         = Occurrence Screwllita.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Unknown
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 009
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Screwllita''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; Understand the rules of improving Intelligence
|result_1 = Increase Intra-Cognition by 20.

|choice_2 = Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; Understand the rules of improving Charm
|result_2 = Decrease Intra-Cognition by 20.

|choice_3 = Choose 1 pair of machine flower underpants.
|result_3 = Obtain 3 reroll attempt(s).

|choice_4 = Choose 1 machine shirt.
|result_4 = Repair 1 damaged Curio(s).

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome to the Cogito Hair Salon of the Mechanical City!" Charon ties up their hair and taps twice on the bar table with their knuckles. "We can adjust 'Intra-Cognition' here. You can become whatever you want to be, no?"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oh, look at that mechanical lady next to you. They can teach you how to improve up your charisma or intelligence. It's all up to your choices."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; Understand the rules of improving Intelligence &mdash; Increase Intra-Cognition by 20.
:;(Increase Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Let me teach you a thing or two. In actuality, intelligence is nothing but logic derived from absolute *experience*. I think people nowadays overestimate reason. When you have absolute *experience*, you'll be able to go beyond the limits of the self."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; Understand the rules of improving Charm &mdash; Decrease Intra-Cognition by 20.
:;(Decrease Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Let me teach you a thing or two. I think charisma is all about making things simple. The simpler you are and the more you do things your way, the more charismatic you'll be. When you exhibit absolute *indifference*, you'll be able to do beyond the limits of the self."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've already forgotten my *self*. Soon, I'll ascend to become a god!" Screwllita declares proudly as they fix their hair, as fragments of planets turn into glittering diamonds on their ears. They are ready to soar into the sky.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Soon, their hair is done. They then fly away before your eyes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's a mechanical bug trapped in *egoism*." Charon puts away their scissors and says despondently. "You should forget about them. Some of the gems they collected were left behind and gifted to the Hair Salon. You can pick one as a keepsake."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose 1 pair of machine flower underpants. &mdash; Obtain 3 reroll attempt(s).
:;(Obtain 3 reroll chance(s))
:{{DIcon|Star}} Choose 1 machine shirt. &mdash; Repair 1 damaged Curio(s).
:;(Select 1 Curio to repair)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Screwllita
|zhs  = 机械城「认知理发馆」-&nbsp;机械咕母
|zht  = 機械城「認知理髮館」-&nbsp;機械咕母
|ja   = {{Rubi|機械城|きかいじょう}}「{{Rubi|認識理容所|にんしきりようしょ}}」-マザーマキーナ
|ko   = 기계 도시 「인지 미용실」 - 스크루리타
|es   = Peluquería cognitiva de Ciudad Mecánica - Mecanillum
|fr   = Mechacité «&nbsp;Salon de coiffure Cogito&nbsp;» &mdash; Screwllita
|ru   = Салон «Сознание» Машинограда - Механия
|th   = เมืองจักรกล "ร้านทำผม Cogito" - Screwllita
|vi   = Thành Phố Máy Móc "Salon Tóc Nhận Thức" - Screwllita
|de   = Mechanische Stadt: „Frisörsalon Cogito“ – Screwllita
|id   = Kota Mekanik : "Cogito Hair Salon" - Screwllita
|pt   = Cidade Mecânica "Salão de Cabeleireiro Cogito" - Screwllita
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}