{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 107-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Ena;Nanook
}}
'''Unknown Event 107-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' "If there's no [[Nanook]] in this time period," [[Herta]] sounds upset as she continues, "then why are we still taking the Path of Destruction? Just to break those destructible objects? Swarm Disaster is going on! There's no time for those destructible objects of yours!"
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Shh..." [[Ruan Mei]] places her finger on her lips, and the surroundings fall silent at once.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' As you are about to speak, you feel a sudden dip in your surrounding temperature and the intimidation of an ancient authority. All of a sudden, your limbs are suspended by invisible strings, as though someone is manipulating you like a puppet.
:'''Ena:''' The gentle movement of their fingertips rattles the intricate order of the universe, causing your strong urge to destroy to come to a sudden halt... You are unsure whether they placate you out of love or out of an intense and unstoppable desire for "Order."
:'''Ena:''' You look at them, and they look at you...
:'''Herta:''' "Wow!" Herta's eyes gleam as though she has just discovered diamonds. "It's [[Ena]] the Order, one of the most ancient Aeons. In the times before their fall, their radiance was as holy as gems! What did I say just now? Nanook had yet to exist in this time! The ancient Path of Order suppressed numerous calamities. Are you sure you want to get even closer? Let me simulate their voice. Okay, they are coming!"
:'''Ena:''' Empires thunder beneath the Aeon as the believers roar in harmony. The Aeon appears to float despite their massive and heavy body, and their countenance glows like a sacred hymn. Every word they utter sounds like vertically aligned syllables with either a somber or posh tone.
:'''Ena:''' "Who is the dreammaker that pulls and influences the will of transmutation? I shall keep the Order under complete control and eliminate the troublemakers." (♯1 - -·♭6 | ♭6 1· - - | - - - - ‖ ♬ Eme-Clent-J. I. Vadnbg. 1935-1942 "The troublemakers shall not remain, and the greedy shall not be spared. The treacherous and fickle chaos is what contaminates the universe."(♯1 - -·♭6 | ♭6 1· - - | - - - - ‖♬ " Secréiat Ineional es mpers." 1894-193
:'''Ena:''' The Aeon is absolute, just, and magnificent. Their multiple syllables carrying the solemnity of an army, concealing within them a rule that must not be overlooked.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That eye is...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You look at them, and they look at you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are those extra sounds?
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Those syllables... make up the Aeon's sound. Those names belong to the empires, states, and civilizations that have risen and fallen in predestined times and sequence in accordance with the Aeon's control...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It is an existence you've never seen before
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = 
|zhs   = 
|zht   = 
|ja    = 
|ko    = 
|es    = 
|fr    = 
|ru    = 
|th    = 
|vi    = 
|de    = 
|id    = 
|pt    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
