{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You come across a massive fragment of the Mirror of Transcendence. Three candles are placed beneath it as offerings.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk back and forth while being deep in your thoughts...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Light the third candle. &mdash; You yearn to get a response from THEM.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' As one of the candles is lit, a vague image of the God of Beauty's broad face flickered within the fragment... Just as the image gets clearer, the face of a Mirror Holder suddenly appears within the massive fragment!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've been imprisoned in this mirror fragment for a long time. Believe in the Beauty, and I will grant all your wishes," says the Mirror Holder in the mirror.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Silently recite what you want. &mdash; Obtain random rewards.
::;(Outcome 1, 10% chance)
:::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
::;(Outcome 2, 20% chance)
:::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
::;(Outcome 3, 5% chance)
:::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=300}})
::;(Outcome 4, 20% chance)
:::;(Obtain a random 2-star Blessing)
::;(Outcome 5, 10% chance)
:::;(Obtain a random 3-star Blessing)
::;(Outcome 6, 10% chance)
:::;(Obtain 2 random Normal Curios)
::;(Outcome 7, 10% chance)
:::;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings)
::;(Outcome 8, 15% chance)
:::;(Repeat 2 times)
:::;(Obtain a random 1-3 star Blessing)
::{{DIcon|Star}} Make a wish to get her out of the mirror. &mdash; Fight the curse of captivity 1 time.
::;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Everwinter Shadewalker*2/-25% HP; Guardian Shadow (Bug)*1/-25% HP}}
:::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Imaginary Weaver*2/-25% HP; Decaying Shadow (Bug)*1/-25% HP}}
:::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*2/-25% HP; The Ascended (Bug)*1/-25% HP}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't want to make a wish.
{{Dialogue End}}