<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Culinary Colosseum#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 21201
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Trashcan.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Culinary Colosseum''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Just come at me all at once. I'm in a hurry.
|result_1 = Enter battle with the challengers. Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity after achieving victory.

|choice_2 = Throw trash into the opponent's can.
|result_2 = Enter battle with the challengers. Discards up to 3 Negative Curio(s) after achieving victory.

|choice_3 = Challenge the jury above your grade.
|result_3 = Enter battle with the Trash Jury. Obtains 5 destroyed random Curio(s) after achieving victory.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Walking into the recycling station on the Rumbas system, you hear thousands upon thousands of trash dumps cheering from inside the garbage pile.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As ring master of the 21st Garbage Chef Championship, you view the observation shield, half-eaten Halovian Winged Burgers, currency from an unknown system, as well as the garbage thrown from the audience instead of flowers, as an expression of their hopes for you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You casually glance around at the challengers: Tatalov's palace chef, Erolyn, the molecular eater Risaac, who's tasted a thousand kinds of garbage, and the world-famous garbage gourmand Jacques Feaux. Every one of them is a demanding prospect.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' And yet, in your mind, the menu for victory has already been decided.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Just come at me all at once. I'm in a hurry. &mdash; Enter battle with the challengers. Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity after achieving victory.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've got guts! After hearing what you have to say, three fighters get ready to fight and decide to express their respect for you at the highest level.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Throw trash into the opponent's can. &mdash; Enter battle with the challengers. Discards up to 3 Negative Curio(s) after achieving victory.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Whoa... boo!" jeer the audience as the challengers grow furious, preparing to teach you a lesson.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge the jury above your grade. &mdash; Enter battle with the Trash Jury. Obtains 5 destroyed random Curio(s) after achieving victory.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Wow, what an arrogant youngster." Several referees jump forth, and the audience wipe their lids clean &mdash; preparing to witness an epic showdown in the world of garbage cuisine.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Culinary Colosseum
|zhs  = 厨王争霸
|zht  = 廚王爭霸
|ja   = {{Rubi|料理王決定戦|りょうりおうけっていせん}}
|ko   = 요리왕 쟁패전
|es   = Coliseo culinario
|fr   = Bataille culinaire
|ru   = Борьба за звание кулинара
|th   = การประลองเชฟยอดฝีมือ
|vi   = Vua Bếp Đại Chiến
|de   = Kulinarisches Kolosseum
|id   = Pertarungan Raja Dapur
|pt   = Coliseu Culinário
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}