{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Walking into the recycling station on the Rumbas system, you hear thousands upon thousands of trash dumps cheering from inside the garbage pile.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As ring master of the 21st Garbage Chef Championship, you view the observation shield, half-eaten Halovian Winged Burgers, currency from an unknown system, as well as the garbage thrown from the audience instead of flowers, as an expression of their hopes for you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You casually glance around at the challengers: Tatalov's palace chef, Erolyn, the molecular eater Risaac, who's tasted a thousand kinds of garbage, and the world-famous garbage gourmand Jacques Feaux. Every one of them is a demanding prospect.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' And yet, in your mind, the menu for victory has already been decided.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Just come at me all at once. I'm in a hurry. &mdash; Enter battle with the challengers. After achieving victory, obtain 2 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity and 100 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've got guts! After hearing what you have to say, three fighters get ready to fight and decide to express their respect for you at the highest level.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Throw trash into the opponent's can. &mdash; Enter battle with the challengers. Discards up to 3 Negative Curio(s) after achieving victory.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Whoa... boo!" jeer the audience as the challengers grow furious, preparing to teach you a lesson.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge the jury above your grade. &mdash; Enter battle with the Trash Jury. Obtains 5 destroyed random Curio(s) after achieving victory.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Wow, what an arrogant youngster." Several referees jump forth, and the audience wipe their lids clean &mdash; preparing to witness an epic showdown in the world of garbage cuisine.
{{Dialogue End}}