<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 18901-1
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 032
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = "Absorb" its power.
|result_1 = Obtain two 2-star Blessings.

|choice_2 = "Give" it power.
|result_2 = All characters lose HP equal to 80% of their current HP, and 2 random Blessings are Enhanced. (You can obtain better rewards later.)

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass by a habitat filled by a massive Swarm. A giant Lord of Eternal Slumber is sleeping soundly on a putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Lord of Eternal Slumber has both its eyes closed. It seems to be lost in its dreams.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You check the map in your hand... and find that your way ahead is blocked! As you are about to take a detour, you notice some newly born *spores* gathering around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. A daring idea blossoms in your mind...
:{{DIcon|Star}} "Absorb" its power. &mdash; Obtain two 2-star Blessings.
:;(Repeat 2 times)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} "Give" it power. &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 80% of their current HP, and 2 random Blessings are Enhanced. (You can obtain better rewards later.)
:;(All allies lose 80% of their current HP)
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-3 star Blessings)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)
|zhs  = 繁育•沉睡领主（二级卫戍）
|zht  = 繁育•沉睡領主（二級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|繁殖|はんしょく}}・{{Rubi|深眠|しんみん}}の{{Rubi|領主|りょうしゅ}}（{{Rubi|二級守備|にきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 번식•깊이 잠든 영주(2급 경비)
|es   = Propagación: Cacique dormido (segundo pretoriano)
|fr   = Le seigneur assoupi de la Propagation (deuxième prétorien)
|ru   = Распространение: Повелитель сна (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th   = แพร่พันธุ์: ท่านผู้หลับใหล (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi   = Sinh Sôi - Lãnh Chúa Ngủ Say (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de   = Die Ausbreitung: Schlafender Herrscher (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id   = Propagation: Raja yang Tertidur (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt   = Propagação: Soberano Adormecido (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}