<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Archer of Recollections#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = The Hunt*4
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = Increases the maximum stack of "{{Extra Effect|Critical Boost|61000055}}" by {{Color|h|4}}. Every stack of "{{Extra Effect|Critical Boost|61000055}}" additionally increases SPD by {{Color|h|3%}} and additionally increases memosprite SPD by {{Color|h|2%}}.
|mentions = Aquila
}}
'''Archer of Recollections''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|A fraction of the golden blood that nourishes the earth belongs to Pantarones.<br />An unmatched archer whose arrows never miss, he could pierce the enemy general from a distance ten thousand steps away.<br />In his hands, the shackles of memories were forged into sharp arrowheads,<br />Each one a testament to the immense weight of his life's journey, transforming into the roaring winds of arrows.<br />He once ascended the peaks outside Ladon, standing alone against thousands of enemies.<br />Witnesses described it not as arrows flying, but as a relentless downpour sweeping across the skies.<br />To his fellow companions, he would use his bowstring as a lute,<br />Playing a solemn dirge that only heroes could appreciate.<br />But he never truly learned from the memories he shouldered.<br />As his arrows pointed skyward towards Aquila, his fate was already sealed.<br />The final arrow pierced through heaven and earth, yet it ultimately met its demise in shatters.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Archer of Recollections
|zhs  = 追忆弓箭手
|zht  = 追憶弓箭手
|ja   = {{Rubi|追憶|ついおく}}の{{Rubi|弓使い|ゆみづか}}
|ko   = 추억의 궁수
|es   = Arquero de la remembranza
|fr   = Archer des souvenirs
|ru   = Лучник воспоминаний
|th   = นักธนูความทรงจำ
|vi   = Cung Thủ Hồi Ức
|de   = Bogenschütze der Rückerinnerungen
|id   = Archer of Recollections
|pt   = Arqueiro das Lembranças
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}