<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Book-Burning Bureaucrat#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Nihility*4
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = Increases Ultimate DMG dealt by ally targets by {{Color|h|160%}}. After using Ultimate, causes the "{{Trait|Murmur}}" on the attacked target to gain Charge equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of this instance of Ultimate DMG. This increase cannot exceed {{Color|h|300%}} of the total sum of ally characters' ATK.
|mentions = Cerces
}}
'''Book-Burning Bureaucrat''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Please, take this unique manuscript with you wherever your travels lead.<br />Forgive my abrupt request, but time is running out.<br />Those cultural tramplers, dressed in red,<br />Are racing towards us on their chariots.<br />They claim to be the emissaries of Cerces, but all they do is destroy culture.<br />They acknowledge the value of knowledge, but deny the significance of seeking it.<br />They ravage libraries and loot ancient tomes,<br />Not sparing even children's primer books from their ruthless grasp.<br />If you can, please make your way to the Grove of Epiphany,<br />Where sages stand to uphold the truth.<br />You ask why don't I go myself?<br />I've come to realize that arguing with those psychos is a fruitless endeavor.<br />Give me a sword. I'll fight till the end for the cause of progress.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Book-Burning Bureaucrat
|zhs  = 焚书官
|zht  = 焚書官
|ja   = {{Rubi|焚書官|ふんしょかん}}
|ko   = 분서관
|es   = Oficial quemalibros
|fr   = Officier de censure
|ru   = Сжигающий книги бюрократ
|th   = โรงเผาหนังสือ
|vi   = Quan Đốt Sách
|de   = Bücherbrennender Bürokrat
|id   = Book-Burning Bureaucrat
|pt   = Burocrata Incendiador de Livros
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}