<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Brewer of Bitter Memories#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Remembrance*4
|path2    = Elation*2
|effect   = Every stack of "{{Trait|Obsession}}" additionally increases all ally targets' ATK by {{Color|h|1.5%}}. After a character uses an attack, their memosprite's next attack is considered as a Follow-up ATK.
|mentions = Phagousa; Zagreus
}}
'''Brewer of Bitter Memories''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|O weary traveler, come take a sip of this mellow honey brew.<br />Its bounty rivals Phagousa's finest hoard, so enchanting that even Zagreus would drop their tricks just to catch its scent.<br />In return, all I seek is for you to share your tales from the road.<br />What heart-wrenching tales and scenes have you encountered on your journey?<br />Don't get me wrong. I'm not a fan of tragedies.<br />I hail from the tavern of Mythemis, where impassioned melodies echo day and night.<br />My nectar, however, is not crafted from ordinary grain.<br />It's forged from the countless sorrows of the world, each drop a testament to human suffering.<br />In search of ingredients for my brew, I've journeyed to this desolate land,<br />Soaking in the bittersweet tapestry of human life and the mournful echoes of countless souls.<br />Take your seat, let's drink and chat.<br />Since life is a tapestry woven with sorrow, let's drown in this nectar until the break of dawn.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Brewer of Bitter Memories
|zhs  = 苦忆酿酒师
|zht  = 苦憶釀酒師
|ja   = 苦き記憶の醸造士
|ko   = 씁쓸한 기억의 양조사
|es   = Enólogo de recuerdos amargos
|fr   = Artisan des souvenirs amers
|ru   = Винодел горьких воспоминаний
|th   = นักชงความขมขื่น
|vi   = Thợ Ủ Rượu Hồi Ức Đắng
|de   = Brauer bitterer Erinnerungen
|id   = Brewer of Bitter Memories
|pt   = Fabricante de Memórias Amargas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}