<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Conspiracy Theorist#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*4
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = After any ally target launches a Follow-up ATK, there is a {{Color|h|150%}} base chance to inflict 1 random debuff on the attacked target, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). The random debuffs include: Decrease DMG dealt by {{Color|h|15%}}, decrease DEF by {{Color|h|30%}}, and decrease SPD by {{Color|h|20%}}.
|mentions = Aquila; Talanton; Zagreus
}}
'''Conspiracy Theorist''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Who wrote, "The Chrysos War left carnage and devastation in its wake"?<br />As the black tide surges and the city-states crumble, does it all unfold like a strategic game of chess?<br />Do not accuse me of being bitter or heartless,<br />For the epic tales of the world are mere dramas to me.<br />Look at Talanton, who claims fairness and justice, yet chaos and rebellion reign supreme.<br />And see Aquila, the Father of the Skies, yet they confine their followers to the earth below.<br />I'd venture to say that even the Flame-Chase Journey of the Chrysos Heir is just a farce.<br />Since Amphoreus has crumbled into mud, why not just let it be?<br />We're mere mortals, with nothing more to lose than our pathetic lives.<br />Might as well seize the day and have some fun before we're gone.<br />You ask if I've lost all faith in life?<br />Let me tell you, I put my faith in the Coin of Whimsy.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Conspiracy Theorist
|zhs  = 阴谋论者
|zht  = 陰謀論者
|ja   = {{Rubi|陰謀論者|いんぼうろんしゃ}}
|ko   = 음모론자
|es   = Teórico de la conspiración
|fr   = Théoricien du complot
|ru   = Сторонник конспирологии
|th   = นักทฤษฎีสมคบคิด
|vi   = Người Theo Thuyết Âm Mưu
|de   = Verschwörungstheoretiker
|id   = Conspiracy Theorist
|pt   = Teórico Conspiracionista
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}