<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Coronal Phoenix#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*4
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = Increases "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" Charging Efficiency by {{Color|h|50%}}. When "{{Extra Effect|Butterfly Soul|61000052}}" state is active, using Basic ATK/Skills to perform attacks deals {{Color|h|100%}} "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" DMG to the target.
|mentions = Aquila
}}
'''Coronal Phoenix''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|You evil birds, the plague of the skies.<br />You steal Aquila's radiant glory and wreak havoc on all living beings,<br />Devouring wheat fields and invading city-states.<br />Unbreakable by swords and impervious to arrows,<br />Only the boiling golden blood of the Chrysos Heir can consume you.<br />Yet, as soon as new seeds are planted, you rise again with relentless ferocity.<br />Upon you, I cast the darkest curse.<br />May you suffer hunger, ending up devouring one another.<br />May your wings snap and crash you into the dirt.<br />May your entire clan fall, leaving no feather nor trace alive.<br />As for me, I vow to ascend as an eagle in the sky,<br />Crushing you under my golden claws.<br />No, it doesn't end with me &mdash; my descendants shall all become eagles,<br />crushingontinuing the eternal hunt, from one generation to the next.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Coronal Phoenix
|zhs  = 日冕不死鸟
|zht  = 日冕不死鳥
|ja   = コロナフェニックス
|ko   = 백광의 불사조
|es   = Fénix coronado
|fr   = Phénix de la couronne solaire
|ru   = Феникс солнечной короны
|th   = นกอมตะอาบสุริยัน
|vi   = Hào Quang Chim Bất Tử
|de   = Phönix aus der Sonnenkorona
|id   = Coronal Phoenix
|pt   = Fênix Coronal
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}