<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Drunk Supervisor#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*4
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = Increase CRIT DMG dealt by ally targets' Follow-up ATKs by {{Color|h|150%}}. When using "{{Trait|Brain in a Vat}}" to launch Ultimate and deal DMG to enemy targets, it is considered as a Follow-up ATK.
|mentions = Cerces; Thanatos
}}
'''Drunk Supervisor''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|They say that wise ones are like branches of Cerces, basking in the radiance of rationality.<br />Yet my mentor, Sarahetha, preferred to soak herself in wine barrels.<br />From lectures to research, and even during experiments, she never went without her drink.<br />I once asked her which she valued more: Truth or honey brew.<br />After a long silence, she replied with a drinking hiccup.<br />She was a genuine genius,<br />A single potion of hers could vanquish wheat diseases,<br />And a few papers could boost olive production.<br />But what truly filled her heart with pride was perfecting the taste of cider.<br />Now, thirty years after graduation, I'm here in the academy to attend her funeral.<br />Well, I guess it's more like a wine-tasting event than a somber occasion.<br />Her final wish was to toast and revel with Thanatos.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Drunk Supervisor
|zhs  = 酩酊导师
|zht  = 酩酊導師
|ja   = 酩酊する指導教官
|ko   = 만취한 스승
|es   = Supervisor ebrio
|fr   = Superviseur ivre
|ru   = Пьяный инспектор
|th   = อาจารย์ผู้เมามาย
|vi   = Người Hướng Dẫn Say Mèm
|de   = Betrunkener Vorgesetzter
|id   = Drunk Supervisor
|pt   = Supervisor Bêbado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}