<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Erythrokeramism#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*4
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = After a memosprite uses an attack, Charge their memomaster's "{{Trait|Brain in a Vat}}" by {{Color|h|8%}}. After the memomaster uses "{{Trait|Brain in a Vat}}" to use their Ultimate, increases the memosprite's DMG by {{Color|h|240%}} for {{Color|h|4}} turn(s).
|mentions = Cerces
}}
'''Erythrokeramism''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Foolish apprentices, stop your faulty reflections.<br />Cerces sows wisdom in the hearts of mortals,<br />Yet you attempt to harvest its fruits in your minds.<br />Poor apprentices, put down your experimental tools.<br />The gods have bestowed upon us the five senses.<br />Why resort to external devices to discern the truth?<br />Other schools' theories and means will only teach you how to discover knowledge,<br />But Erythrokeramism will tell you that all knowledge already dwells within the depths of your memory,<br />Merely awaiting your touch to pick them up.<br />Discard all observation, extrapolation, and logic,<br />And instead sense, hear, and imagine with your heart.<br />Peel away the deceptive mask named materiality that shrouds the world,<br />And let all things return to their truest form.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Erythrokeramism
|zhs  = 赤陶学派
|zht  = 赤陶學派
|ja   = {{Rubi|赤陶学派|せきとうがくは}}
|ko   = 에리트로케라모스 학파
|es   = Escuela de Terracota
|fr   = Érythrocéramisme
|ru   = Школа красной глины
|th   = สำนักภาชนะจิต
|vi   = Học Phái Gốm Đỏ
|de   = Erythrokeramismus
|id   = Erythrokeramism
|pt   = Eritroqueramismo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}