<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Executor#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Nihility*4
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = DoTs taken by enemy targets can CRIT. The CRIT Rate/CRIT DMG is equal to {{Color|h|20%}} of characters' total CRIT Rate/CRIT DMG, with CRIT DMG capped at {{Color|h|120%}}.
|mentions = Thanatos
}}
'''Executor''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Hark! The ground groans beneath the scratch of metal,<br />A clangorous sound that sends shivers down hyenas' spines.<br />Yet to me, it resonates like divine harmony within my very being,<br />Or rather, my decaying husk.<br />Half a month has passed since the fierce battle.<br />My flesh has rotted, my veins are dry.<br />I linger on this battlefield, waiting,<br />Longing to return to my ultimate resting place, the realm of death.<br />I lie among the mountain of corpses,<br />Wondering when Aidonia's executioner will make their appearance.<br />I stand by the River of Souls, waiting,<br />Praying for the safety of my soul.<br />And then, at long last, the voice echoes in my ears,<br />My hollow eye sockets see the scythe that signifies my eternal rest,<br />And the compassionate gaze of a maiden.<br />Thanatos, my great god, I have felt the gentle touch of your hand.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Executor
|zhs  = 处刑人
|zht  = 處刑人
|ja   = 処刑人
|ko   = 처형인
|es   = Sentenciador
|fr   = Exécuteur
|ru   = Палач
|th   = เพชฌฆาต
|vi   = Người Thi Hành Án
|de   = Vollstrecker
|id   = Executor
|pt   = Executor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}