<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Forbidden Knowledge's Martyr#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*4
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = When any ally target uses their Ultimate, consumes HP from all ally targets equal to {{Color|h|5%}} of their current HP and increases their DMG dealt by {{Color|h|30%}} to a max of {{Color|h|4}} stack(s), lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Forbidden Knowledge's Martyr''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Do you know that there's a group of unrecognized scholars beyond the Grove of Epiphany?<br />They don't care about the inheritance of established knowledge.<br />Instead, they focus solely on the mysterious, unexplored realms.<br />They regard the pursuit of knowledge as an arduous odyssey,<br />Where they brave thorny paths and precariously walk tightropes.<br />At every step, they endure immense suffering, and one misstep could spell their destruction.<br />Whether it's unraveling the mystery of the golden blood, probing into the existence of the Titans,<br />Or even the dreaded black tide,<br />Became a direction in their pursuit of knowledge.<br />Such blasphemous endeavors will surely invite divine punishment and suffering.<br />Nearly all scholars meet their untimely ends as soon as they make slight progress in their research,<br />Either being hunted down by Titan followers or dying in bizarre accidents.<br />Yet they continue to plunge toward those eternally unsolvable answers, like moths drawn to the flame.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Forbidden Knowledge's Martyr
|zhs  = 禁识殉道者
|zht  = 禁識殉道者
|ja   = 禁断の知識の殉道者
|ko   = 금지된 지식의 순도자
|es   = Mártir del conocimiento prohibido
|fr   = Martyr du savoir interdit
|ru   = Мученик запретного знания
|th   = ผู้สละความรู้ต้องห้าม
|vi   = Người Tuẫn Đạo Vì Tri Thức Cấm
|de   = Märtyrer des verbotenen Wissens
|id   = Forbidden Knowledge's Martyr
|pt   = Mártir do Conhecimento Proibido
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}