<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fowl-Hunting Golden Claw#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = The Hunt*4
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = For every 1% of action advance effect gained by ally targets, increases DMG dealt in the next turn by {{Color|h|2%}}, up to a max of {{Color|h|100%}}. This effect additionally increases by {{Color|h|30%}} against targets in the "{{Trait|Butterfly Soul}}" state.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Fowl-Hunting Golden Claw''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|When I was young, I once saw a mighty eagle.<br />It flapped its wings, forged from steel and iron, and blanketed the sky.<br />With eyes blazing with fury, it gazed upon the earth below.<br />Its colossal claws, crafted from gold, gleamed like a second sun in the sky.<br />Later, I learned that this eagle was the natural enemy of the Coronal Phoenix.<br />In the twilight of my years, fate reunited me with the eagle.<br />Once the sovereign of the skies, it lay helpless on the ground, near death.<br />Its wings were pierced with holes, its eyes dimmed,<br />And even its golden claws were covered in the rust of time.<br />It appeared that the century-long hunt had come to an end,<br />As the mighty eagle succumbed to the relentless spawn of evil birds.<br />As I stood there mourning its fate, the eagle's body ignited in a fiery blaze,<br />And from within that golden flame, a rejuvenated form emerged, spreading its wings with renewed vigor.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fowl-Hunting Golden Claw
|zhs  = 猎冕金爪
|zht  = 獵冕金爪
|ja   = {{Rubi|王冠狩|おうかんが}}りの{{Rubi|金爪|かねづめ}}
|ko   = 왕관을 사냥하는 황금 발톱
|es   = Garra dorada cazadora
|fr   = Griffe dorée du chasseur de couronne
|ru   = Охотящийся золотой коготь
|th   = กรงเล็บล่ามงกุฎ
|vi   = Vuốt Vàng Đi Săn
|de   = Goldklauen auf der Jagd nach Geflügel
|id   = Fowl-Hunting Golden Claw
|pt   = Garra Dourada Caçadora de Galinhas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}