<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hearth Clan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Remembrance*4
|path2    = Harmony*2
|effect   = Increases max "{{Trait|Obsession}}" stacks of allies by {{Color|h|4}}, and increases Max HP by an additional {{Color|h|0.4%}} for each "{{Trait|Obsession}}" stack for all allies. When breaking an enemy's Weakness, all allies gain {{Color|h|3}} "{{Trait|Obsession}}" stacks.
|mentions = Janus; Oronyx
}}
'''Hearth Clan''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Heed the advice of a poor, old father.<br />Even if you're coinless and at the end of your rope, never, ever seek help from the Hearth Clan.<br />We were once a prestigious family in Janusopolis,<br />But we were stripped of our honor and exiled because of a scandal.<br />Now, they claim to have received prophecies from both Janus and Oronyx,<br />Vowing to assimilate everyone into their fold.<br />An ordinary stove-boiled tea session has become an altar for sinister cult rituals.<br />Each participant's experiences and emotions are now intertwined,<br />Encompassing both their darkest desires and noblest virtues.<br />Worse still, they prey on the innocence of others, enticing them to join in.<br />Oh, my poor, naive son, why did you run away from home and fall prey to their deceitful words?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hearth Clan
|zhs  = 围炉氏族
|zht  = 圍爐氏族
|ja   = 囲炉の一族
|ko   = 난로 씨족
|es   = Clan del fogón
|fr   = Clan de la fournaise
|ru   = Клан очага
|th   = เผ่าแห่งเตา
|vi   = Gia Tộc Lò Lửa
|de   = Kaminklan
|id   = Hearth Clan
|pt   = Clã da Lareira
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}