<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#History Investigator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Remembrance*4
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = After ally targets are attacked, increases all ally targets' SPD by {{Color|h|35%}} for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s) and gains {{Color|h|2}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Critical Boost|61000055}}." "{{Extra Effect|Critical Boost|61000055}}" will not be lost when memosprites are attacked.
|mentions = Oronyx
}}
'''History Investigator''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Stay your steps, child of the Titans. You must answer our questions.<br />Have you ever beheld the manifestations of the gods, or been fooled by cunning tricks?<br />Have you been part of triumphant battles, or seen city-states crumble?<br />Have you seen heroes lay down their lives, or cowards find their way to redemption?<br />If you have experienced, witnessed, or recorded any facts, please report them promptly, even if it's just a snippet of information.<br />You may conceal or weave lies, but know that as the kin of Oronyx, we shadow your every step.<br />Remember, it's not nature's mountains and ravines that shapes the destiny of Amphoreus, but our golden texts and iron scripts.<br />In this tumultuous age, where strife reigns and black tide surges, the fire of civilization persists as long as the historical chronicles endure.<br />And the statements you're about to provide are the fuel that ignites and sustains this enduring flame.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = History Investigator
|zhs  = 信史追查官
|zht  = 信史追查官
|ja   = {{Rubi|歴史調査官|れきしちょうさかん}}
|ko   = 역사 조사관
|es   = Investigador histórico
|fr   = Investigateur de l'histoire
|ru   = Исследователь истории
|th   = ผู้ตรวจสอบประวัติศาสตร์
|vi   = Quan Điều Tra Lịch Sử
|de   = Geschichtsforscher
|id   = History Investigator
|pt   = Investigador da História
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}