<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Kremnos Vanguards#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*4
|path2    = Harmony*2
|effect   = When ally targets Break any enemy target's Weakness, Charge "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" equal to {{Color|h|25%}} of Max HP. If all enemy targets are Weakness Broken, "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" will not be cleared at the start of ally targets' turns.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Kremnos Vanguards''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|I quell the fiery passion burning inside, gripping my spear tightly in hand.<br />I listen intently to the bugle's clarion call, softly patting my steed beneath.<br />My fellow Kremnos vanguard, many yearn for this glory day and night.<br />Yet it is I who will spearhead this formidable legion into battle.<br />Even if the wall ahead stands tall as a cliff, I face it without fear.<br />For if I should fall, let my fallen body serve as a stepping stone, upon which my comrades will march forward.<br />Even as our retreat is blocked and the enemy outnumbers us, my fighting will blaze fiercely.<br />For the king's immense bounty can only be repaid with sacrifice and triumph.<br />Warriors, the banner of charge now flies high,<br />I've witnessed the enemy's faces twisted in pure terror.<br />And soon, their faces will bear the marks of our conquest, trampled by our victorious hoofbeats.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Kremnos Vanguards
|zhs  = 悬锋伙友
|zht  = 懸鋒夥友
|ja   = クレムノスヘタイロイ
|ko   = 크렘노스 헤타이로이
|es   = Vanguardia de Kremnos
|fr   = Avant-garde d'Acrokopis
|ru   = Гоплит Кремноса
|th   = กองรบ Kremnos
|vi   = Đồng Đội Kremnos
|de   = Vorreiter von Kremnos
|id   = Kremnos Vanguards
|pt   = Vanguarda de Kremnos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}