<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Madness Malady#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*4
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = When an ally target is hit with an attack or consumes HP while their HP percentage is less than {{Color|h|40%}}, consumes {{Color|h|5}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Obsession|61000049}}" from the target with the highest "{{Extra Effect|Obsession|61000049}}" stacks in the team, heals for {{Color|h|25%}} of this unit's Max HP, and increases DMG dealt by {{Color|h|150%}} for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). This effect can only be triggered {{Color|h|1}} time(s) per turn.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Madness Malady''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Heard of the malady named heartless malaria?<br />It consumed the prosperous city of Radero and left it in shambles.<br />First, citizens were simply dazed, forgetting their way home,<br />doctors were clueless to the cause, and could only send their staff to care for the ill.<br />But this strange ailment started to spread like wildfire, its symptoms growing more severe<br />Parents forgot their children's faces. Chancellors drew blanks on their king's name.<br />That was until a roving medic found the cause &mdash; mosquitoes.<br />These mosquitoes did not feed on blood, but had a strong inclination for humankind's memories. <br />But it was all too late. The people here were no more than the walking dead.<br />The great physician could only sigh and set the mosquitoes ablaze, reducing them to ash along with the entire city.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Madness Malady
|zhs  = 失心疟疾
|zht  = 失心瘧疾
|ja   = {{Rubi|失心|しっしん}}の{{Rubi|瘧|おこり}}
|ko   = 실성의 역병
|es   = Locura clínica
|fr   = Folie clinique
|ru   = Недуг безумия
|th   = ไข้ไร้ใจ
|vi   = Bệnh Tật Điên Loạn
|de   = Krankheit des Wahnsinns
|id   = Madness Malady
|pt   = Mal da Loucura
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}