<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Memory Seed Cultivator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Propagation*4
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = The True DMG multiplier of "{{Trait|Butterfly Soul}}" increases by {{Color|h|60%}} of the original multiplier and increases attack count by {{Color|h|4}}. After a memosprite uses an attack, they can trigger the True DMG of "{{Trait|Butterfly Soul}}" and consume its attack count.
|mentions = Georios
}}
'''Memory Seed Cultivator''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Welcome to my seed greenhouse, honored first visitor.<br />As you can see, there's no soil or seedlings here.<br />Those mundane tasks are left to the followers of Georios.<br />My role is to nurture the seeds of memories, ensuring their regular and orderly growth.<br />Look at that pink one &mdash; it's the dream of a young girl becoming a dancer.<br />Born into a political dynasty, her fate seemed sealed, far from the stage's embrace.<br />Yet, within my incubator, she's dancing gracefully.<br />One day, the girl will come here to collect her memory.<br />Trust me. They'll be more vivid than her real-life experiences.<br />Look at the blue one &mdash; it holds the dream of an adventurer.<br />The golden one embodies the dream of a general...<br />As for those gray ones, they're mere remnants of failed experiments.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Memory Seed Cultivator
|zhs  = 忆种培育师
|zht  = 憶種培育師
|ja   = 憶種の培養士
|ko   = 기억 씨앗 배양사
|es   = Cultivador de recuerdos
|fr   = Cultivateur de graines de mémoire
|ru   = Взращивающий семена памяти
|th   = ผู้เพาะเลี้ยงความทรงจำ
|vi   = Chuyên Gia Gieo Hạt Ký Ức
|de   = Gedächtnis-Saatgut-Kultivator
|id   = Memory Seed Cultivator
|pt   = Cultivador de Sementes da Memória
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}