<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ominous Flamespirit#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*4
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = When ally targets deal "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" DMG and if the enemy target is in any DoT state, the DMG multiplier of this instance of "{{Extra Effect|Blazar|61000051}}" increases by {{Color|h|60%}} of the original multiplier. Every DoT type additionally increases this multiplier by {{Color|h|15%}}.
|mentions = Aquila; Thanatos; Zagreus
}}
'''Ominous Flamespirit''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Odressian is shrouded in crimson flames &mdash;<br />No one knows the origin of these fiery spirits.<br />At first, many dismiss them as just another of Zagreus' tricks.<br />But amidst their confusion, a relentless black tide sweeps in.<br />Oleinus, Ikaria, Handak...<br />Wherever these fiery spirits emerge, doom follows.<br />Some say the flames are Thanatos' breath, while others believe they are feathers of Aquila.<br />Yet, the only thing for sure is that everyone flees from them in terror.<br />From city gates to baths, markets, and beyond, they leave their ominous mark everywhere,<br />Causing panic, screams, and chaos.<br />The clock is ticking towards devastation.<br />Scholars at the Grove of Epiphany are determined to unravel the mystery,<br />But those fiery spirits vanish into thin air,<br />leaving a puzzle unsolved.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ominous Flamespirit
|zhs  = 噩兆火灵
|zht  = 噩兆火靈
|ja   = {{Rubi|凶兆|きょうちょう}}の{{Rubi|火霊|かれい}}
|ko   = 흉조의 불 유령
|es   = Espíritu ígneo ominoso
|fr   = Esprit de la flamme menaçante
|ru   = Зловещий дух пламени
|th   = เปลวไฟลางร้าย
|vi   = Hồn Lửa Tai Ương
|de   = Unheilvoller Flammengeist
|id   = Ominous Flamespirit
|pt   = Espírito das Chamas Sinistro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}