<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Orphan Carehouse#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Propagation*4
|path2    = Harmony*2
|effect   = After breaking an enemy target's Weakness, recovers {{Color|h|1}} Skill Points. Using Basic ATK and Skills to attack enemy targets inflicts {{Color|h|5}} additional Toughness Reduction and applies {{Color|h|2}} "{{Trait|Harmonize}}" stacks.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Orphan Carehouse''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|We deeply mourn the loss of Headmistress Cynthia,<br />Who passed away peacefully in her dream three nights ago.<br />It's truly heartwarming to see that all the children returned from all corners of the world to pay their respects.<br />Those war orphans,<br />Are now craftsmen, scholars, and artists.<br />The story begins on the day the orphanage was founded.<br />Amidst the war-torn chaos when blood and fire burned,<br />Headmistress Cynthia brought love and beauty back to this world.<br />She built a home on the island of Doria,<br />Warmly taking in, like a mother, every child forsaken by the gods.<br />With bread and goat's milk, she filled their hungry bellies.<br />With poetry and sports, she replaced killing,<br />Shaping them into healthy and proud individuals.<br />Today, Headmistress Cynthia has transformed into a golden butterfly, ascending to the heavens<br />Or, more fittingly, soaring into our hearts,<br />Igniting our passion to build even more havens of hope.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Orphan Carehouse
|zhs  = 遗孤抚养院
|zht  = 遺孤撫養院
|ja   = {{Rubi|孤児院|こじいん}}
|ko   = 고아 보육원
|es   = Orfanato
|fr   = Orphelinat des délaissés
|ru   = Сиротский приют
|th   = บ้านเด็กกำพร้า
|vi   = Trại Trẻ Mồ Côi
|de   = Waisenhaus
|id   = Orphan Carehouse
|pt   = Orfanato
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}