<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Roaming Troupe#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = The Hunt*4
|path2    = Elation*2
|effect   = After any ally targets use an attack and deal CRIT DMG, deals 1 instance of True DMG equal to 1% ~ {{Color|h|50%}} of the original DMG after attacking. If the attack was a Follow-up ATK, deals True DMG equal to 1% ~ {{Color|h|70%}} of the original DMG instead
|mentions = 
}}
'''Roaming Troupe''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|My friend, let's go catch the performance of the touring orchestra.<br />Grab your finest honey brew and smoked meat, it's gonna be a feast for both your ears and taste buds!<br />Their melodies have the magic to touch the hearts of all,<br />Making even the stiffest, most traditional country gentlemen to sway to the music,<br />And most seasoned of warriors to shed tears of emotion.<br />Even the hearing-impaired and musically inept are singing their praises for this incredible show!<br />You've got your hands full?<br />It's fine, they're constantly on tour across Amphoreus.<br />Pulled by dromases, their chariot echoes with enchanting melodies that travel far and wide.<br />The orchestra is a beacon of joy, a dispeller of sorrow,<br />Bringing happiness wherever they go and lifting the burdens of worry from hearts.<br />Hark! I can hear the prelude to their performance now. So, until next time, my friend.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Roaming Troupe
|zhs  = 巡游乐团
|zht  = 巡遊樂團
|ja   = 巡遊楽団
|ko   = 유랑 악단
|es   = Orquesta ambulante
|fr   = Troupe itinérante
|ru   = Бродячий ансамбль
|th   = วงดนตรีสัญจร
|vi   = Đoàn Hát Rong
|de   = Wanderorchester
|id   = Roaming Troupe
|pt   = Trupe Itinerante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}