<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Smiling Executioner#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*4
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = After any ally target uses an attack, if their HP percentage is greater than {{Color|h|60%}}, consume {{Color|h|5%}} Max HP and deals 1 instance of "{{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|61000054}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|120%}} of their Max HP.
|mentions = Talanton
}}
'''Smiling Executioner''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|In the land where Talanton is revered, there lies a city-state named Lituntrato,<br />Where justice for crimes knows only two fates: Innocence or annihilation.<br />How harsh the law! Yet its execution is nothing short of dramatic.<br />Perhaps it's because the citizens here live their lives by the book,<br />Only to laugh heartily before they meet their end.<br />The executioner dresses as a clown, entering the stage with a comical flair,<br />As if he's not here to end your life, but to win your applause.<br />His jokes are so hilarious that even those facing their final moments can't help but laugh aloud.<br />As the prisoner's laughter echoes, their head suddenly rolls onto the ground,<br />Leaving their stiffened face frozen in a joyful grin.<br />So, tell me, is this executioner vicious or kind-hearted?<br />But he simply wipes his blade clean and moves towards the next execution site.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Smiling Executioner
|zhs  = 笑面刽子手
|zht  = 笑面劊子手
|ja   = {{Rubi|笑顔|えがお}}の{{Rubi|処刑者|しょけいしゃ}}
|ko   = 웃는 얼굴의 참수인
|es   = Verdugo sonriente
|fr   = Bourreau souriant
|ru   = Улыбчивый палач
|th   = เพชฌฆาตหน้ายิ้ม
|vi   = Đao Phủ Mặt Cười
|de   = Lächelnder Scharfrichter
|id   = Smiling Executioner
|pt   = Executor Sorridente
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}