<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Society of Charity#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Harmony*4
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = After any ally target attacks a Weakness Broken enemy target, converts the Toughness Reduction of this attack into 1 instance of {{Color|h|100%}} {{Extra Effect|Super Break DMG}}. While in the "{{Extra Effect|Butterfly Soul|61000052}}" state, this effect additionally deals {{Color|h|100%}} {{Extra Effect|Super Break DMG}}.
|mentions = Janus; Thanatos
}}
'''Society of Charity''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Let me tell you the story of those who believed in universal love and cherished all beings.<br />They walked every path paved by Janus.<br />Along the way, they admired the mighty bodies of Titans as much as the delicate antennae of ants.<br />Even the stoic faces of Kremnoan warriors bear the imprint of their fiery kisses.<br />Scholars of the Helkolithistic school argued that there was no love without reason,<br />That humans were but clustered golden butterflies, their love driven by instinct.<br />But ultimately, universal love was merely a fleeting interlude in the course of time.<br />As once the flames of conflict raged, conquest remained the eternal theme.<br />How could tender lips contend with the sharp edges of axes and swords?<br />Still, they smiled.<br />Having loved all beings in this world, they turned to kiss the black hand of Thanatos.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Society of Charity
|zhs  = 博爱会社
|zht  = 博愛會社
|ja   = {{Rubi|博愛会社|はくあいかいしゃ}}
|ko   = 박애 협회
|es   = Sociedad del amor universal
|fr   = Société de charité
|ru   = Общество человеколюбия
|th   = สมาคมรักสรรพสิ่ง
|vi   = Tổ Chức Tình Thương
|de   = Gesellschaft der Wohltätigkeit
|id   = Society of Charity
|pt   = Sociedade da Caridade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}