<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Warring Scholar#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*4
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = When any ally target Breaks any enemy target's Weakness, Charges "{{Extra Effect|Brain in a Vat|61000044}}" by {{Color|h|20%}} and regenerates Energy equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of Max Energy. After defeating any enemy target, regenerates Energy equal to {{Color|h|60%}} of Max Energy.
|mentions = Cerces; Nikador
}}
'''Warring Scholar''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Metitalus, a dual emblem of pride and shame for us Nodists.<br />He is our pride, for this scholar has golden blood in his veins.<br />His ingenious ideas continue to inspire successors across generations, centuries after his time.<br />In his skilled hands, raw iron and ropes were transformed into walking machines.<br />Due to his contributions, engineering textbooks doubled in size.<br />He is also a shame as he did not use his creations to benefit society<br />And chose instead to engage in the Chrysos War.<br />The wisdom of Cerces forged the lethal spears of Nikador,<br />Destroying countless city-states to ruins with his inventions.<br />Ultimately, he and his creations were both consumed by flames.<br />Now, only by deciphering those cryptic, intricate manuscripts<br />Can one catch a glimpse of his astonishing talent and unyielding ambition.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Warring Scholar
|zhs  = 兵戈学者
|zht  = 兵戈學者
|ja   = {{Rubi|戦争学者|せんそうがくしゃ}}
|ko   = 전쟁 학자
|es   = Erudito de la guerra
|fr   = Savant guerrier
|ru   = Военный учёный
|th   = นักวิชาการอาวุธ
|vi   = Học Giả Chiến Tranh
|de   = Kriegsgelehrter
|id   = Warring Scholar
|pt   = Erudito da Guerra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}