<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wilting Patient#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = Protean Hero
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Harmony*4
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = When enemy targets take "{{Trait|Harmonize}}" DMG, additionally take 1 instance of "{{Trait|Harmonize}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|75%}} of the original DMG. Every debuff currently on the target additionally increases this DMG by {{Color|h|2%}}, up to {{Color|h|40%}}.
|mentions = Cerces; Thanatos
}}
'''Wilting Patient''' is a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: Protean Hero]].

==Story==
{{Description|Be grateful for your healthy body, and may you be safe from disease.<br />If you happen to encounter someone burdened with branch-like protrusions, do not approach rashly.<br />The strange disease known as the Withering Curse is rampant in the city of Raelvis.<br />Some say the afflicted have received enlightenment from Cerces,<br />whilehile others claim it as a miracle of Thanatos.<br />Yet, the sufferers neither speak the truth nor show signs of life ebbing away.<br />They merely gravitate towards each other, like withered trees seeking to form a forest.<br />No one can understand the whispers of the patients, just as no one can comprehend the murmurs of the forest breeze.<br />You may wonder what meaning remains in an already-withered life.<br />But upon reflection, isn't your life and mine withering all the same?}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wilting Patient
|zhs  = 枯萎病人
|zht  = 枯萎病人
|ja   = {{Rubi|枯|か}}れる{{Rubi|病人|びょうにん}}
|ko   = 시들어버린 환자
|es   = Paciente marchito
|fr   = Patient en déclin
|ru   = Увядающий пациент
|th   = ผู้ป่วยที่เหี่ยวเฉา
|vi   = Bệnh Nhân Khô Héo
|de   = Verwelkter Patient
|id   = Wilting Patient
|pt   = Paciente Decadente
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}