<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Life is Like a Vegetable (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24901-1
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_30.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 128
}}
'''Life is Like a Vegetable (II)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in undefined and [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = I want to eliminate the wicked
|result_1 = Surround and eliminate the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus' base and obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments after victory

|choice_2 = I want to suppress dangerous entities
|result_2 = Deal with the out-of-control garrisoned aurumatons and obtain 1 random 3-star Equation(s) after victory

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As you wake up from the sweet yet sour unrealizable dream, the second course has been served to your table. After whetting your appetite, you're supplemented with another life. You look at the eyes across the room, and it bundles you up in 7,000 seconds of memory, sinking your consciousness into the plate of sauce.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Sparks cover the sky and fall from it like rain. A starskiff intersects with a falling trajectory. As you're wrapped up in the delicious flavor on the tip of your tongue, the innumerable bulging goldfish eyes dotting the sky all smile at you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You snap out of your daze and tightly grip the weapon in your hands. The next mission is very dangerous. As the squad leader of the Cloud Knights, you and your team lie in wait.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to eliminate the wicked &mdash; Surround and eliminate the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus' base and obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' This sorcerer claims to be born with the power of gods and has never been touched by the plague. He could at least hide the elixir crucible on his back first.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to suppress dangerous entities &mdash; Deal with the out-of-control garrisoned aurumatons and obtain 1 random 3-star Equation(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The aurumaton before you is shouting some nonsense about unbreakable aurumatons and how they can fall in love too. Either way, it's best to subdue it first.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Life is Like a Vegetable (II)
|zhs  = 人生如菜（其二）
|zht  = 人生如菜（其二）
|ja   = {{Rubi|人生|じんせい}}は{{Rubi|料理|りょうり}}の{{Rubi|如|ごと}}く（その2）
|ko   = 인생은 채소와 같다 (2)
|es   = La vida es como la verdura (II)
|fr   = La vie est comme un légume (II)
|ru   = Жизнь как пища II
|th   = ชีวิตดั่งพืชผัก (2)
|vi   = Nhân Sinh Như Rau Cải (II)
|de   = Das Leben ist wie Gemüse (II)
|id   = Hidup Bagai Sayur (2)
|pt   = A Vida É Como um Legume (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}