{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall (I)
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Occurrence
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You arrive at the docking bay of the Freon Mechanical Alliance. It is a vast harbor with mechanical attendants everywhere.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A mechanical attendant leads you up a staircase, which you notice is formed by numerous mechanical arms. You keep going until you leave the harbor and see the sign of "Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The place is renovated in a style very much iconic to the IPC... You walk up to the counter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We sell our stuff cheaper at the port. That's it." The mechanical staff doesn't bother to explain too much &mdash; a signal for you to make your own choice.
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -30 and 0 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Level up your Cognition.|Curio Obtained: Ambergris Cheese. Curio Obtained: Casket of Inaccuracy. Curio Obtained: Fruit of the Alien Tree.}}
:;(Obtain 3 random Curios<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Ambergris Cheese|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Ambergris_Cheese}}, {{Item|Casket of Inaccuracy|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Casket_of_Inaccuracy}}, and {{Item|Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Fruit_of_the_Alien_Tree}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Ambergris Cheese. &mdash; Curio Obtained: Ambergris Cheese.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Ambergris Cheese|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Ambergris_Cheese}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Casket of Inaccuracy. &mdash; Curio Obtained: Casket of Inaccuracy.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Casket of Inaccuracy|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Casket_of_Inaccuracy}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fruit of the Alien Tree. &mdash; Curio Obtained: Fruit of the Alien Tree.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Fruit of the Alien Tree|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Fruit_of_the_Alien_Tree}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Interastral Peace Mechanical Branch Shopping Mall (I)
|zhs  = 星际和平机械分部商城（其一）
|zht  = 星際和平機械分部商城（其一）
|ja   = スターピースショッピングセンター・{{Rubi|機械支部|きかいしぶ}}（その1）
|ko   = 스타피스 기계 지점 상점 (1)
|es   = Centro comercial mecánico de la Paz Interastral (I)
|fr   = Centre commerciale mécanique de la Paix Interastrale (I)
|ru   = Торговый дом Механического филиала Межзвёздного мира I
|th   = ห้างจักรกลสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาวสาขาย่อย (1)
|vi   = Cửa Hàng Chi Nhánh Máy Móc Hành Tinh Hòa Bình 1
|de   = Interastrales Friedens-Einkaufszentrum &ndash; Mechanische Filiale (Teil 1)
|id   = Mall Interastral Peace Cabang Mekanik (1)
|pt   = Shopping da Filial Mecânica da Paz Interastral (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
