{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Societal Dreamscape
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Societal Dreamscape''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk into the most adorable Kiliro Fish Restaurant on Pier Point &mdash; a place made of a giant bubble in the shape of a fish eye. Through the curved glass, you can see the subspace barrier. You have a good time in the pleasant afternoon sunshine.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' While the other customers are enjoying the piscatorial ultrasonic wave cerebral fascia massage, you stuff a fish eye into your mouth and plunge into a social dreamland. Pier Point is seeing a period of development during which the galactic currency will be raining down regularly from the sky. You are thrilled, as you own the IPC's bonds.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your mind returns to reality when the fish eye is fully digested in your stomach. It's time for you to go to work, but you are reluctant to move...
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -10 and 10 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Shatter the "work communicator" that can be used to contact you!|Discard 1 Blessing(s) and gain 400 Cosmic Fragment(s).}}
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing)
:;(Obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Swallow the other fish eye and continue to enjoy the massage. &mdash; Obtain 1 random Negative Curio and 300 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Return to work. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Societal Dreamscape
|zhs   = 社会性梦境
|zht   = 社會性夢境
|ja    = 社会性の夢
|ko    = 사회적 꿈
|es    = Sueños de sociedad
|fr    = Onirisme sociétal
|ru    = Сны социума
|th    = ความฝันของสังคม
|vi    = Giấc Mơ Mang Tính Xã Hội
|de    = Gesellschaftliche Traumlandschaft
|id    = Mimpi Kehidupan Sosial
|pt    = Sonho de Fuga Social
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
