{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Supreme Organic: Mental Spices (I)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 8.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Supreme Organic: Mental Spices (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Due to some mishaps, some of the inorganic planetary systems are having problems exchanging resources with the outside world. As a representative of the machines, you attend a banquet held by {{Color|Keyword|Telora Farnsha}}. You are an *undercover*... By adjusting your Intra-Cognition, you are completely convinced that you are an organic life. Now, you need to find out the *mishaps* that have happened to the IPC.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You scan your surroundings and find Telora Farnsha raising her wine glass while articulating her ideas to her guests.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Oh, the influential Farnsha! The conflict between her notorious Guardians and the Associates is no longer a secret.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' To join Farnsha's Guardians, you must go through the hat-award ceremony. All eyes are on you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Accept the hat.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You join the discussion and learn about the key figure behind the mishaps &mdash; Cappon. He used to be Farnsha's closest right-hand man. The relationship between them seemed to transcend a regular one.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Yet, Cappon made a mistake. He could commit any heinous crimes, but he should have paid his taxes timely. Unfortunately, his blunder even undermined the political system on the Planet Temptra, which was crucial to Farnsha's power.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; Love above all else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; Politics above all else.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Borderstar Trade War had already started by then. Farnsha chose to maintain an amiable relationship with the Temptra, her ally. As for Cappon, he's been gone since then.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Someone will take over his business. My relationship with the inorganic lives won't be affected," Farnsha says.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Supreme Organic: Mental Spices (I)
|zhs   = 极致有机：「精神香料」•其一
|zht   = 極致有機：「精神香料」•其一
|ja    = {{Rubi|有機|ゆうき}}の{{Rubi|極致|きょくち}}：「{{Rubi|精神|せいしん}}のスパイス」・その1
|ko    = 궁극의 유기: 「정신적 향신료」•1
|es    = Orgánico supremo: especias mentales I
|fr    = Suprématie organique : Épices mentales (I)
|ru    = Высший органик: Духовные специи I
|th    = อินทรีย์ขั้นสุด: "ส่วนผสมแห่งจิตใจ" (1)
|vi    = Hữu Cơ Tối Cao: Hương Liệu Tinh Thần 1
|de    = Organische Höchststufe: Geistiges Gewürz (I)
|id    = Organik Maksimal: "Bumbu Mental" (1)
|pt    = Orgânico Supremo: Temperos Metálicos (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
