{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 111-0
|image         = Random Event undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Yaoshi;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 111-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Screwllum:''' "Conclusion: The Aeon of Abundance {{Color|Keyword|didn't exist during this time period}}." [[Screwllum]]'s robotic gear-like voice comes. "As promised, I'll pay Madam [[Herta]] some chips."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of chips are you paying?
::'''Screwllum:''' "Chips: Screws." Screwllum answers, "Madam Herta said she wanted to study the origin of the life of small screws. Additional info: Madam Herta's bet is the space station."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Has the Aeon really not appeared yet? You don't have the answer, but you are getting distracted. Screwllum's voice becomes distorted, and more chaotic thoughts are running amok in your mind...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Suddenly, you can feel ears of wheat wrapping around your ribs as they try to run your body through. Yet, the overflowing pain is somehow healed... One by one, the journeys of many Pathstriders surface, and you are located inside a perpetual and vibrant ecological cycle. You open your eyes to find yourself standing outside a fortress wall. In the nation where the Sun has been stolen, the believers who have lost their god will wake up from slumber. They include your portrait in the murals. They question you... they beseech you for help!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' They long for you to give an answer, an answer you can bring from Trailblaze &mdash; Where did their god go? Now, you have to answer them. You are none other than the savior &mdash; having no one to rely on! You seem to understand [[Yaoshi]]'s compassion now. You calm down and take a deep breath before searching for the one voice among many to which you can respond.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The Order disappeared?
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' After the disappearance of the Order, the Equilibrium will return the Sun, just like how the Swarm never went extinct even after the Swarm Disaster has receded.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Maybe I can ask [[Ruan Mei]] about it.
:::'''Ruan Mei:''' "The decision of ancient Aeon of Equilibrium cannot be questioned." Ruan Mei states, "Everything they do is for the sake of Equilibrium... and that's magnificent."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I suspect that Herta already knew the answer...
::'''Screwllum:''' "I must honor the bet," Screwllum says righteously. "Additional info: Madam Herta's bet is the space station."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Has the Aeon really not appeared yet? You don't have the answer, but you are getting distracted. Screwllum's voice becomes distorted, and more chaotic thoughts are running amok in your mind...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Suddenly, you can feel ears of wheat wrapping around your ribs as they try to run your body through. Yet, the overflowing pain is somehow healed... One by one, the journeys of many Pathstriders surface, and you are located inside a perpetual and vibrant ecological cycle. You open your eyes to find yourself standing outside a fortress wall. In the nation where the Sun has been stolen, the believers who have lost their god will wake up from slumber. They include your portrait in the murals. They question you... they beseech you for help!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' They long for you to give an answer, an answer you can bring from Trailblaze &mdash; Where did their god go? Now, you have to answer them. You are none other than the savior &mdash; having no one to rely on! You seem to understand Yaoshi's compassion now. You calm down and take a deep breath before searching for the one voice among many to which you can respond.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The Order disappeared?
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' After the disappearance of the Order, the Equilibrium will return the Sun, just like how the Swarm never went extinct even after the Swarm Disaster has receded.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Maybe I can ask Ruan Mei about it.
:::'''Ruan Mei:''' "The decision of ancient Aeon of Equilibrium cannot be questioned." Ruan Mei states, "Everything they do is for the sake of Equilibrium... and that's magnificent."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = undefined
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
