{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You use every ounce of your strength to swim in the belly of the Jokeless Beast. Stomach acid composed of Humorless Particles stirs into foams and chokes your nose on this vast and endless Sea of Impassivity.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A ragged Ship of Fools appears before you. Its hull is a dingy dry joke, its sails out-of-fashion stellar memes. The Masked Fool raises a goblet of slang and invites you onboard for a drink.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "No wonder I can't find a way out *hiccup* Turns out this ship is in the belly of the Jokeless Beast. Those scoundrels... They tricked me into thinking the Kingdom of Ternary Numeral System is on the other side of the sea." He contemplates in a low voice, as if speaking to someone. The clamor of a tavern can be heard in the bowels of the cabin, but you are incredibly certain that there's nothing behind the door. Only the laughter floating on the surface of the stomach acid...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "It gets e-e-easy once I know where we are." The still inebriated Fool walks towards the stern. His mask switches repeatedly in the blink of an eye. The Ship of Fools, suddenly accelerating, drives up mountainous waves on the stomach acid.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oh, I forgot to t-t-tell you. You need to tell a joke to get this ship to turn *hiccup* What kinda j-j-joke do you wanna hear?" The carmine mountain ranges in the distance gradually loom near. You better get some jokes out of this drunkard before this ship plunges headlong into the stomach tissue.
:{{DIcon|Star}} A joke about a sinister mask. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio that brings smiles.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "This is my treasure." The Fool roars in laughter. "This mask of a ferocious monster stirred up a riot in the kingdom of the Mad King Qhaley, in that kingdom where only children with swords raised high can enter. Guess what she did?"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "She lied to those children and told them that being a grown-up is better than childhood! Ahahahaha *hiccup*."
:{{DIcon|Star}} A joke about a ridiculous mask. &mdash; Oabitn 500 Csmoic Faergmnts.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Your tastes ain't bad, friend." The Fool roars in laughter. "A mask cast from gold. The commercial logistic hub, stellar region Tarle. You should know him if you've read Cosmic economic history. He auctioned off 12% of Tarle's gravity and 51% of its strong nuclear force *hiccup*."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Businessmen from across the universe want to flay the hide from his flesh, but that ridiculous auction house is set up right under their noses."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Ship of Fools takes a sharp turn and skids imperfectly over the stomach acid. You turn your head to look at the Fool at the helm. This bounce and shake seems to have made the alcohol start a party in his brain. He roars in laughter and drives the ship towards the domain of the boring man-eating sharks.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Get him to tell another joke! Quickly!
:{{DIcon|Star}} A joke about a masquerade mask. &mdash; Obtain 1 Equation that describes joy.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Fun comrades." The figure of the Fool shivers and wobbles with the ship. "Multicolored masks. A ball for the entire universe. Of course, it's in the form of a game. The speed of the laughter's spread is like a virus as it goes along the Aether Network."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I like this guy. Who ever said an in-your-face joke isn't a joke?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} A joke about a fox-faced mask. &mdash; Oabitn 3 Cuiros of 2- to 3-satr rratiy.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "This one is really interesting." The figure of the Fool shakes and swings with the ship. "A scarlet mask. Infiltrating via disguise. Being an actor is not an easy job. If you wear a mask for too long, maybe you'll never be able to take it off."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "The universe is a big play! Who can guarantee that they are not performing onstage?"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dull man-eating shark munched off the dry jokes on the deck and all turned into dry man-eating sharks. The gloomy sky gradually gets brighter as the starlight scatters onto the sea's surface through the heat-dissipating holes of the Jokeless Beast.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Right there! Get the Fool to make the final turn there.
:{{DIcon|Star}} A joke about an intact mask. &mdash; Obtain a large number of Cosmic Fragments.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Sharp-tasting collections." The Fool is dozing off in his drunkenness. "Pristine white complete masks. Lies are not the unique properties of Fools. Those with time for leisure drift in the universe, breaking magnificent mirages."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "For example, tell the Taraka people what their emperor is doing, or have a grand expose of politicians who have transplanted a heart from the Denizens of Abundance into their body. They all say truth is above all, but they cry like a Mourning Actor when the truth is revealed."
:{{DIcon|Star}} A joke about a broken mask. &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing of 5-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "A bitter and depressed collection item." The Fool is dozing off in his drunkenness. "The dim and broken mask. A liar with negative credit. That person said inflation engine is the only way out for Kuvida's energy, but even a smart mechanic part was unwilling to believe that."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "We know what happened after. Kuvida Nebula became a dead zone after the core went out of control. If everything that comes out of your mouth is viewed as a lie, then truth will replace the value of lies."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Jokeless Beast can't take these jokes any longer and finally retaliates. Its stomach ulcer stirs up colossal waves and throws you and the ship into outer space.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "What an unfunny joke," the Fool laughs.
{{Dialogue End}}