{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You have never seen a library as opulent as this. Without a roof, it is enveloped by the boundless, starry sky.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The sacred light from the firmament shines on the books scattered on the stairs. You open a random one to find the pages filled with patchy color block codes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hey, nosy kid! Don't touch my books!" An elderly man with white hair reprimands you. As he approaches, you notice his wrinkled and bloated skin. "What you're holding is the 'history of the kingdom of New Londinium,' my proudest work."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You record history?
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "History Fictionologists only create history. I have created the history of the kingdom of New Londinium, and the Prime Minister of the Commonwealth does not even realize that their kingdom is based on a fake history that has never taken place." He answers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You made up history?
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "History Fictionologists only amend history. More often than not, you can simply change the order of the subjects in a sentence. That was how easily the history of the kingdom of New Londinium was changed." He answers.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've been living at the Starry Library for ten Amber Eras... all by myself!" The History Fictionologist paces. "I concoct paradoxes, fallacies, and statements that are contradictory and vague."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of superfluous actions have you done?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of brilliant touches have you made?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "For instance, the modern Bavirus inhabitants think that their gobbling sound is an expression of joy. Well, I'm sorry to say this sound is actually a vulgar term. I've given the sound a positive meaning, which is quite a brilliant move."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why did you do that?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You did a great job.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's because we're believers of the Aeon of Enigmata." He stays silent in deep thought for a moment.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "If the universe is no longer shrouded in mysteries, then everyone will detect the determined state of their destinies. A choice they think they make through free will is actually pre-arranged for that particular moment."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't believe you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Prove it to me.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'll prove it to you. All I have to do is to make some changes to your past." Suddenly, his eyes are tinged with despondence. "You must genuinely forget about your past to pretend that you know nothing about your future."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 2 random 2-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition). &mdash; Enhance 1 random 3-star Blessing of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Enhance 1 random 1-star Blessing of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}