{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 2)
|image         = Random Event Twin.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Occurrence
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 2)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You run into the cuckoo clock fanatic with the curly chestnut hair again! He greets you enthusiastically when he sees you. You notice that he has just ended a phone conversation with a Black Forest digger...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's you again! We're going to establish the Cuckoo Clock Fan Club! Would you like to experience the charm of other cuckoo clocks?" His enthusiasm is at full power before you are even ready for it.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept a cuckoo clock again. &mdash; Obtain 1 random cuckoo clock series Negative Curio and a 2-star Blessing.
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've received another cuckoo clock! If things go on at this rate, you might one day become a cuckoo clock fanatic yourself. That thought puts you in fear...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Return the cuckoo clock to him. &mdash; Discard all cuckoo clocks.
:;(Discard all Negative Curios of the cuckoo clock series)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He is devastated. He cannot understand how someone can resist the temptation of a cuckoo clock...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He leaves with a sigh.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 2)
|zhs   = 咕咕钟狂热粉丝（其二）
|zht   = 咕咕鐘狂熱愛好者（其二）
|ja    = {{Rubi|鳩時計|はとどけい}}の{{Rubi|熱狂的|ねっきょうてき}}ファン（2）
|ko    = 뻐꾸기 시계의 광팬 (2)
|es    = El fanático del reloj de cuco II
|fr    = Collectionneur de coucous (partie 2)
|ru    = Фанат часов с кукушкой II
|th    = แฟนคลับผู้คลั่งไคล้ Cuckoo Clock (2)
|vi    = Fan Cuồng Đồng Hồ Cúc Cu 2
|de    = Der Kuckucksuhren-Fanatiker (Teil 2)
|id    = Fanatik Jam Cuckoo (2)
|pt    = O Fanático dos Relógios Cuco (Parte 2)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
