===A Hastily Written Journal (I)===
:''*These appear to be quick notes, examining the background of Chrysos Heirs...*''
:<br />
The Holy Maiden of Janusopolis &mdash; Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon, descendants of the Holy Maiden from the Temple of the Three Fates...
:
Goldweaver Aglaea of Okhema... from the Mnestia priestly family...
:
The Prince of Castrum Kremnos... Hyacine of the Twilight Courtyard... All of their ancestry have varying degrees of connection to the divine Titans or their divine authorities.
:<br />...
:<br />Does the golden blood... come from the heritage of priest families... or royal bloodlines...?
:<br />...
:<br />Anaxagoras &mdash; I myself show no such connection.
:
Kephale the Creator... what criteria did they use to create the golden blood... to shape the Chrysos Heirs?
:<br />...
:<br />Yet Castorice, the Servant of Death from Aidonia... her lineage is neither Titan priest nor demigod... but she has walked the earth for at least a millennium with the power to grant "Death" to humans... Where did this power come from?
:<br />...
:<br />Another text speaks of the dragon legends of Styxia... The alchemical extraction of "soul" ripped from dragon corpses is intriguing...
:
Dragons appear to be the Titans' creations...
:
Perhaps there's a way to reverse the process &mdash; using alchemy to re-fuse human "souls" with Titan creations, increasing the purity and divinity of golden blood toward the absolute?
:<br />...
:<br />This theory must be tested. Experiments to be arranged.

===A Hastily Written Journal (II)===
:''*These documents appear incomplete. Judging from what's left behind, the important alchemical formulae have been taken away &mdash; only the author's reasoning remains...*''
:<br />
The previous approach... has flaws.
:
Fusing human "souls" with Titan creations does not purify golden blood.
:
Even pure Titan creations are contaminants to the Chrysos Heirs' golden blood.
:
Soul fusion between humans and creations merely repairs impurities of the soul or maintains a connection to dying souls.
:<br />
...
:<br />
While creation myths tell us that Chrysos Heirs and other creations were all made by Titans, their nature differs fundamentally.
:
The Titans' creations are no intermediate products of an alchemical process, and the Chrysos Heirs are closer to the Titans than the creations.
:
In other words, I should not have considered Titan creations equal to Chrysos Heirs.
:
The hypothesis I should focus on is one pointed towards the Titans themselves.
:<br />
...
:<br />
Such rare chances to study Titans demand a meticulous selection of research subjects.
:
Living Titans prove impossible to restrain.
:
And dead Titans offer no insights worth pursuing.
:
But dying Titans &mdash; they are the perfect research subjects.
:<br />
...
:<br />
Only by understanding the fundamentals of creation can we ensure perfection at the moment of everything's birth.
:
Through my own hands, I will melt a Titan and reach the true essence of the soul...
