===A Letter from Alfalfa===
:To Sunday,
:<br />I have been informed about Robin, and I would like to express my deepest condolences. However, I must remind you that you now hold the position of not only her elder brother but also the head of the Oak Family. Your every action has implications for all of Penacony.
:<br />As Penacony is going through a critical period, it is crucial that you do not allow your hatred to cloud your judgment, and be cautious not to engage in activities that others can use against you as leverage. I heard that you are planning to dedicate a significant amount of time and resources to find "Death." Such action does not serve the best interests of The Family as a whole, and I strongly advise you to reconsider it to avoid potential impeachments from other family heads.
:<br />While you are convinced that "Death" is connected to the Watchmaker, I have met that Watchmaker many times long before the Dreammaster adopted you and your sister, and I have never found any evidence linking him to that Memory Zone Meme. Now that you are the head of the Oak Family, it is essential that you assess the situation objectively and consider the bigger picture. It is unwise to allocate all of Penacony's resources and manpower for the sake of a personal vendetta, as this would bring dishonor to the Great One!
:<br />The Charmony Festival is on the horizon, and the Watchmaker's guests are all barely holding back their own agendas. Neither you nor I could face the severe consequences if Dominicus' arrival is delayed. Therefore, I urge you to control your emotions and fulfill your responsibilities as the head of the Oak Family, focusing only on the Festival and avoiding any interference from external sources. In addition, we must not neglect the honored guests invited by the Watchmaker, as mishandling this matter could lead to diplomatic conflicts with other major factions, involving us in disputes that could have been avoided. As your elder, I hope you comprehend the gravity of the situation and handle it appropriately.
:<br />As for the matter of Robin, there would be time to pursue it once the Festival concludes. By then, I will provide you with the necessary resources and manpower in the name of the Alfalfa Family to help you get your revenge.
:<br />Additionally, I have heard rumors that the Dreammaster is not entirely pleased with your recent activities. I advise you to conduct yourself with caution.
:<br /><div align="right">Yours sincerely,
:
Old Oti</div>
