===Back'n and Forth Crosstalk Compilation===
:{{Size|32|Part I}}
:Forth: You can't talk about Starskiff Haven without mentioning the Palace of Astrum, and you can't talk about the Palace of Astrum without mentioning Madam Yukong.
:Back'n: I've seen Madam Yukong before with her Cloudkite Resplendent Longbow. She was making shots from a hundred feet away with tremendous accuracy. That sight was really...
:Forth: Hang on, "a hundred feet"? Are you saying that if I stood at a distance of 101 feet, I could just catch the arrow in my hands?
:Back'n: It's a figure of speech. Generally speaking, Madam Yukong's arrows are a threat even at 5,000 feet.
:Forth: So if I stood 5,001 feet away, I could catch her arrows?
:Back'n: Why do you have to catch the arrow?
:<br />{{Size|32|Part II}}
:Forth: I'm Forth, and this is Back'n, and today we're ready to tickle your funny bone with our crosstalk comedy.
:Back'n: You guys may not recognize Forth, but he's a famous crosstalk comedy performer on the Luofu. I came all the way to Starskiff Haven this time just to watch your performance! I'm a big fan.
:Forth: Well, well, well, look at you being all supportive and whatnot. I mean, you're practically my number one fan, right? So, how about you take it up a notch and treat me to dinner? Don't worry, I'm not that picky. Just make sure it's on par with how the Seat of Divine Foresight treats their guests.
:Back'n: Wha... You can't be thinking about getting a free meal from me already. We just started the show, let's give it some time before we start thinking about food, okay?
:Forth: They say the audience is the hand that feeds any performer, and I'm feeling quite hungry right now. So, it's only fitting that the "hand that feeds" takes me out for a meal, don't you think?
:Back'n: Hmm, well then, come a little closer.
:Forth: What?
:Back'n: Give Daddy a hug.
:Forth: Over my dead body!
