===Chimera's Daily Work Report===
:&mdash; Day: 06
:'''Today's work:'''redsoil added 6 times; tended to Verax Leo 1 time; watered 13 times; shield quality tests completed 9 times...
:'''Incomplete:'''Comforting the depressed Mountain Dweller (I attempted to comfort them but ended up crying alongside him for a long time instead)
:'''Plan for tomorrow:'''water 18 times; shield quality test 18 times; add redsoil 8 times...
:<br />'''Self-evaluation:'''Diligently completed tasks assigned by the squad and actively reviewed experience and outcome to increase watering efficiency by 8 per cent. Working in basic compliance with values required by the ''Chimera's Work Handbook'' and capable of being self-disciplined, self-driven, and working independently.
:'''Squad report:'''Supervisor Mityphon expressed that the weather was too hot today and only fit for bathing, not work. They were late.
:<br />&mdash; Day: 07
:'''Today's work:'''redsoil added 10 times; tended to Verax Leo 2 times; watered 21 times; shield quality tests completed 16 times...
:'''Incomplete:'''Comforting the depressed Mountain Dweller (I cried with him for a long time)
:'''Plan for tomorrow:''' water 12 times; shield quality test 14 times; add redsoil 6 times...
:<br />'''Self-evaluation:'''Actively reviewed experience and outcome to increase repairing efficiency by 8 per cent. Working in basic compliance with values required by the ''Chimera's Work Handbook'' and capable of being self-disciplined, self-driven, and working independently.
:'''Squad report:'''Supervisor Mityphon expressed that the weather was too cold today and only fit for bathing, not work. They were late and left early.
:<br />&mdash; Day: 08
:'''Today's work:'''redsoil added 16 times; tended to Verax Leo 7 times; watered 33 times; shield quality tests completed 27 times...
:'''Incomplete:'''Comforting the depressed Mountain Dweller (I cried with him for a long time)
:'''Plan for tomorrow:''' water 14 times; shield quality test 18 times; add redsoil 13 times...
:<br />'''Self-evaluation:'''Working in basic compliance with values required by the ''Chimera's Work Handbook'' and capable of being self-disciplined, self-driven, and working independently. Diligently completed tasks assigned by the squad and actively reviewed experience and outcome to increase watering efficiency by 8 per cent. (Enter your own self-assessment here).
:'''Squad report:'''Supervisor Mityphon expressed that the weather was just right today, and they were in a great mood; perfect for bathing. They were never seen again.
:<br />&mdash; Day: 09
:'''Today's work:'''Why should a Chimera have to work?
