===Cloud Knights Patrol Report===
:<div align="center">{{Size|36|Cloud Knights Patrol Unit "Prosperity" &mdash; Patrol Records}}</div>
:<br /><div align="center">Previous records skipped</div>
:<br />• East Cloudford, Chenxu-Steel II dock, 17:00
:<br />The incident and all related documents have been checked. A total of 32 cycranes were deactivated. No members of personnel were found to be trapped.
:<br /><div align="right">Recorded by: Changsui</div>
:<br />• East Cloudford, Chenxu-Steel III dock, 17:30
:<br />We received reports from evacuated persons that a suspected criminal has been sighted at the Yuanshou docks. I have dispatched three members of my unit to assess the situation.
:<br /><div align="right">Recorded by: Changsui</div>
:<br />
:• East Cloudford, Chenxu-Steel VI dock, 19:00
:<br />The three team members dispatched have yet to return and cannot be contacted. I have decided to put together another group to look for them.
:<br /><div align="right">Recorded by: Changsui</div>
:<br />• East Cloudford, Yuanshou-Tide III dock, 19:30
:<br />I got to where Yi lost contact
:And I saw... saw that strange tree... him... [sound cannot be transcribed]
:Yi and everyone else are staked onto the branches of that thing... [sound cannot be transcribed]
:<br /><div align="right">Recorded by: Changsui</div>
:<br />• East Cloudford, Yuanshou-Tide III dock, 19:45
:<br />That thing... [sound cannot be transcribed]
:That thing with [sound cannot be transcribed] growing all over his body... I read his dog tag. He's from the "Teng Xiao" Unit.
:How did he become something like that... I cut him down!
:But he's climbing back to his feet again... [sound cannot be transcribed]
:I need to report everything to the Seat of Divine Foresight quickly...
:Why... Why won't the comms connect!? The [sound cannot be transcribed] in the Logistics Department probably all took [sound cannot be transcribed] bribes!
:<br /><div align="right">Recorded by: Changsui</div>
:<br /><div align="center">Recording ended</div>
