===Directory of Lost Starskiffs===
:<div align="center">{{Size|36|Summary of starskiffs lost in East Cloudford docks}}</div>
:<br />• '''Chenxu-Steel II dock'''
:<br />Two Stagplains Lioncub (collectors' edition).
:<br />Twenty-two Beyond the Dust (standard edition).
:<br />One large commercial vessel from the Whistling Flames guild. This vessel has already been found.
:<br />Two combat escort vessels from the Celestial guild.
:<br />• '''Chenxu-Steel III dock'''
:<br />The Sky-Breaker, an ambassador vessel from the Interastral Peace Corporation. It collided with the guide lanes of the Palace of Astrum due to logistic issues. Financial losses are to be calculated separately.
:<br />The Visage of Qlipoth, a commercial logistic vessel from the Interastral Peace Corporation. This vessel has already been found.
:<br />The Roaring Tide, an ambassador vessel from the sea-people of Thalassa. [sound cannot be transcribed] These [sound cannot be transcribed] amphibian frogs put 60 cases of vicious carnivorous tetras in the ship! [sound cannot be transcribed] Residents of the Drifters Sanctum reported to the Realm-Keeping Commission's weather pavilion that it started to rain at about noon [suspected transcription error. To be confirmed], and 12 locals were injured due to this. I can't thank you enough, Outworlder buddies. we at the Realm-Keeping Commission do this for a living!
:<br />...
:<br />...
:<br />Footnote: Damages relating to Cloud Knight fighter jets have already been submitted. That report currently cannot be viewed due to the Secrecy Act and related regulations. Please submit a viewing application to the document office of the Palace of Astrum and wait for their reply. (A reply will be issued within three working days from the day of the application.)
