===Dream Bubble Cinema: A History (Excerpt)===
:If historical turning points are like knots in a record-keeping rope, Grady undoubtedly created two significant ones. First came his invention of dream bubble filming technology. Second was his shocking decision to tear up the patent copyright. Why abandon rights to such astronomically profitable technology? Grady never offered an explanation.
:<br />Contemporary audiences praised Grady's selflessness, but these accolades gradually morphed into criticism as his terrible films flooded the market. Here's an interview from that period:
:<br />'''Reporter:''' It's truly remarkable. What thought process led you to abandon such a valuable patent?
:<br />'''Grady:''' The dream bubble patent has long restricted Penacony's film industry, forcing talented creators to abandon their dreams. While copyright awareness grew, so did copyright trolls, corrupting our creative environment. As a horror director, I'd rather hear audiences laughing about being scared than witness endless copyright tragedies.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' Many believe ███████'s death directly influenced your decision to tear up the patent, serving both as a memorial to her and a gift to the newly formed Himemia Films. What's your comment on this?
:<br />'''Grady:''' ███████'s death was a complete tragedy. When almost everyone turned their backs on her, she still sang for those most vulnerable, ultimately losing her life during a charity performance. We all bear responsibility for what happened.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' Are you suggesting that the Alfalfa Family and Mr. Alfalfa played a role in this?
:<br />'''Grady:''' No, absolutely not. The Alfalfa Family has always been an angel investor in entertainment, helping countless Iris Family artists rise to fame. Mr. Alfalfa remains an invaluable Grady Films partner. I'm certain we'll collaborate even more closely in the future.
