===Dreamlight Anniversary Promotional Video: The Legend of Slumbernana Monkey===
:<div align="center">''The Legend of Slumbernana Monkey''</div>
:<br />Narrator: Every year at Paperfold University, a grand celebration takes place &mdash; the eagerly awaited Dreamlight Anniversary.
:
Narrator: For centuries, this event has proceeded without interruption. However, this year, the Dreamlight Anniversary faces an unexpected challenge...
:
Narrator: The malevolent Memory Zone Meme "Stress" has appeared on campus, casting a shadow of anxiety over the students. To eliminate this dark force, a brave Slumbernana Monkey leaps into action...
:
Brave Monkey: Bana! Bana bana!
:
Narrator: Ah! It's the Brave Monkey. Wielding his Banana magic sword, he embarks on a quest against the Stress devil.
:
Narrator: Meanwhile, the Stress devil is wreaking havoc on campus, shattering the students' confidence. The righteous monkey can no longer stand idly by and confronts the devil...
:
Brave Monkey: Bana! Bana bana!
:
Stress: *Says something to insult the monkey*
:
Narrator: The malevolent curse from the Stress devil proves potent, and the Brave Monkey is defeated...
:
Brave Monkey: Bana... bana nana...
:
Narrator: In the darkest hour, the most sagacious Slumbernana Monkey, the Wise Monkey, appears.
:
Wise Monkey: Bana, bana bana.
:
Wise Monkey: Bana bana , bana bana. "Bana bana," bana!
:
Narrator: Guided by the Wise Monkey, the Brave Monkey reignites his fighting spirit. With the Wise Monkey's wisdom in mind, he confronts the Stress devil once more.
:
Stress: *says something to provoke the monkey*
:
Brave Monkey: Bana, bana bana...
:
Narrator: This time, the Brave Monkey remains unmoved by the malevolent words. Eventually, the Stress devil falls to the Brave Monkey's sword.
:
Narrator: All students' stress dissipates. Joy and freedom return to campus once more.
:
Brave Monkey: Bana! Bana bana!
:
Everyone: Bana bana! Bana bana!
:
Everyone: Eat bananas, nap the day away. Worry no more, be happy everyday!
:<br /><div align="right">The End
:<br />Screenwriter: Charmony BananAdvisor
:
Director: Mr. Reca
:
Producer: Penacony Paperfold University</div>
