===Drift Bottle Letter (I)===
:Dear friend,
:<br />I am writing this letter to ask for your help.
:<br />I have no idea where I am now. To make matters worse, I lost my navigation device and communication tool while I was drifting on the sea. This drift bottle carries my last bit of hope, and I wish someone will find it. Fortunately, there are many more bottles like this!
:<br />No matter who you are and where you are from, I wish you could inform your local rescue unit about my predicament.

===Drift Bottle Letter (VI)===
:My dear friend,
:<br />This is the last time I'm writing a letter as a refugee.
:<br />Saturday and I are tired of being hermits, and it's time for a big change. We've decided to reach for the stars!
:<br />We're not just going to take the starskiff and go on a trip, because no one wants to read boring stories about that. We crafted a hot-air space balloon powered by the currents in space, and it will only take ninety days to visit every major Xianzhou.
:<br />So, my friend, this is farewell, because I am setting off tonight. Please do not worry about me, for I have courage and oars of wisdom.

===Drift Bottle Letter (II)===
:Dear friend,
:<br />I am writing this letter with the hope of getting help and aid still lingering inside me.
:<br />I have found some food, clothing, and basic handmade weapons (I used to be a soldier). After building a tent with sharpened wooden stakes, I am no longer as distressed as before. However, I have yet to find my bearings, and the drift bottle is still my only means to get help. Fortunately, there are many other bottles like this one!
:<br />No matter who you are and where you are from, I wish you could inform the Pearlkeepers or other Vidyadhara about my predicament.

===Drift Bottle Letter (III)===
:Dear friend,
:<br />Although I am writing this letter, I no longer have any hope for salvation.
:<br />I have started growing Protein Rice on the island and made a wooden pestle, mortar, and sieve to further process said rice. I caught some rabbits and chickens and started rearing them in a coop... It's hard to believe that I am leading a life of financial freedom here (if not having to spend a dime counts). I think of my childhood buddy, Fulie, who must be worried sick about me. I hope he will feel relieved after reading this letter.
:<br />I have attached another letter here. Please pass it on to Fulie, who lives in Exalting Sanctum.

===Drift Bottle Letter (IV)===
:Dear friend,
:<br />I remember saying that I have given up on getting help. (I'm writing again in case you missed the previous letter.)
:<br />A starskiff broke down nearby, and a castaway drifted to my island. He has lost his memory, and all I know is that the day I found him was the 3rd of July, a Saturday. So, I called him "Saturday." Unlike me, he is eager to return to civilization. I hate to see people suffering. I hope you, as someone suffering in civilization, could talk Saturday out of going back.
:<br />I've already made a draft. Please help me revise it and then throw it back into the sea.

===Drift Bottle Letter (V)===
:Dear friend,
:<br />Hey, you couldn't wait to hear from me, huh?
:<br />Stories about hermit cultivators have been around since ancient times on the Xianzhou. You might not know it, but Saturday and I have been living the life of a hermit &mdash; waking up to work at sunrise and resting at sunset &mdash; which spares us from neck and back pain. I named this island "Paradise," and I am its owner. I am now free from the troubles and noise of the outside world, and I have achieved true unity with nature. Isn't that what all of us are striving for in our lives?
:<br />I'm not writing this to ask for help, but to show off. There's a chance you might find more letters like this because I throw a lot of them in the sea!
