===Faction Overview===
:
:The mortal beings' speculation of divine intent is a futile endeavor, akin to the irrelevance of a mayfly against the enormity of the cosmos. However, when individuals harbor a shared misconception, they gather as a crowd, giving rise to an added value: The formation of consensus, the transmutation of misconception into a generally accepted solution, and the attraction of the collective... Subsequently, factions naturally emerge.
:<br />Regardless of the size of factions, they all believe that their faith bears the will of the Aeons. Countless factions even claim to be the emissaries of a certain Aeon. Most of the Aeons have found no interest in the ways of these factions. Some, however, find it extremely amusing to watch these ants in their fervent labor. THEY may provide careful guidance, or create mysticism to alter the progress of the faction. This is THEIR way of influencing the world.
:<br />Though most of the Aeons remain distant, the vast number of factions have made the stars a lively place. They carry banners and flags, forming allies and foes, fighting those who stand against their beliefs. The cosmos became a lively place indeed.

===Astral Express &mdash; Trailblaze===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"Choo! Choo! Sit tight, no one fight, warp jump watch your head. Choo! Choo! Seat belt, fasten-up, buffet car speeding up!"''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Astral Express Safety Instructions (Pom-Pom version)</div>}}
:<br />After the fall of Akivili, the Aeon of Trailblaze, THEIR trailblazing will was inherited by THEIR followers, the Nameless, including the Astral Express that the Aeon once rode on. However, as the Cancer of All Worlds continues to spread, the star rails that the Express runs on also fell victim. The Express could barely run before the blight descended, and had no choice but to run aground when the rails became overly obstructed.
:<br />It remained so for many years until a girl with red hair discovered the desolate Express. She was fascinated by the wordless stories the engine and the star rails had in store. She spent countless hours repairing the cracks and evening the dents, restoring the Express to its original form. The curious girl then set foot into the Express and began her trailblazing voyage that surveys the cosmos.
:<br />The Astral Express made stops at every station, with passengers boarding and exiting along the way. Many join and leave the Express' journey. The travelers come from different worlds, shoulder different burdens, and head to different destinations. However, while they are on the Astral Express, they would share the same voyage. That is why Himeko and the Express do not hesitate to open the doors to anyone willing to share this magical experience, regardless of their agendas and intentions.

===Stellaron Hunters &mdash; ???===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"...Blade, Silver Wolf, Sam... The four mentioned above, dead or alive;
:Do not hurt the Destiny's Slave, and do not let them lose their ability of independent thinking."
:<div align="right">&mdash; A wanted notice put out by the Interastral Peace Corporation</div>}}''
:<br />In a quiet moment in time, the Cancer of All Worlds began to cause ripples across the stars, like a rock tossed into a pool of water. Before anyone noticed, this twisted and unknown matter had already corrupted a great number of worlds, but resplendent and mesmerizing gems accompanied this corrosive mud &mdash; gems known as the Stellarons.
:<br />Death and despair followed wherever Stellarons went. For many civilizations who have experienced the disasters it brings, Stellarons are symbols of destruction. However, despite the Stellarons' nature, there emerged the fearless few who travel between worlds to obtain Stellarons. They call themselves the Stellaron Hunters.
:<br />No one knows anything about the Stellaron Hunters aside from what they have done. Which Aeon do they worship? What do they want with the Stellaron? With the cosmos filled with rumors about them, only one thing is for certain: Though the Stellaron Hunters are few in numbers, each of them holds incredible capacities and powers.

===The Nameless &mdash; Trailblaze===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"Mysterious strangers were seen to come and go in many worlds."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Fables About the Stars ''by Adrian Spencer Smith''</div>}}
:<br />A thousand years ago, the Aeon Akivili traversed across worlds, laying down the silver rail that linked worlds together in the sea of stars, and leaving behind countless legends about the universe and exploration. The brave and curious were attracted by the tales of these adventures and followed the steps of the Trailblaze, joining the god on their journeys to explore the cosmos.
:<br />The adventurers called themselves the Nameless. They rode the Express created by Akivili, and set off on thrilling adventures on planets connected by the star rail. Legend has it that Akivili the Trailblaze loved journeying with mortals. THEY and the Nameless would share wine from various worlds and sing songs composed by diverse civilizations. They would disguise the moving Express as the trail of a shooting star and laugh at the people looking up in awe. However, they would often get into deep trouble due to their recklessness, only to be saved by the Aeon's power. Akivili formed a deep bond with THEIR followers, and their adventures continued to attract travelers to join the ranks of the Nameless.
:<br />When Akivili fell, a group of loyal Nameless carried on what the Aeon had started, continuing the exploration of the unknown. They held the belief that one day the will of Trailblaze will connect the entire universe. The Astral Express that once carried Akivili and THEIR followers still hurries between the stars till this day. It is believed that the Express is powered by the heart of the deceased Aeon, and is repairing with great difficulty the star rail contaminated by the unknown cancer.

===Xianzhou Alliance &mdash; Hunt===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"Fight together against countless enemies. Be together through endless turmoil. Of the thousand lifespans encountered, I take but one sip and leave the rest to its fate."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Worlds History as a Mirror'', Xianzhou''</div>}}
:<br />In an ancient era of legends, multiple Xianzhou ships were tasked with voyaging across the stars to search for the miracle medicine of immortality. The endless voyage took its toll on Xianzhou, wearing away its conviction and shape over the long years, until their eventual encounter with Yaoshi. However, all that the fruit of immortality brought upon them were sorrows, poverty, and endless war and death. It wasn't until Lan, the Aeon of The Hunt, returned from the Abyss. Using gravity as bowstring and stars as arrows, Lan shattered the Ambrosial Arbor and put the wickedness of Abundance to an end. After Xianzhou returned to the righteous path, it formed an alliance under the guidance of The Hunt and formed a powerful army known as the Cloud Knights. The alliance's goals were to patrol the world and eradicate all Abominations of Abundance, and put an end to the corruption of the undead.
:<br />Over the years, the Xianzhou Alliance landed on a great number of worlds that used to enjoy the grace of gods. They eradicated countless undead abominations. Any civilization that worshiped Abundance had to consider the possible threat of the Xianzhou destroying their planet. This kind of deterrence was precisely what the Xianzhou Alliance is hoping to be. They want to be seen as the constant red line for those greedy for immortality, becoming the price that none dares to pay.
:<br />To this day, countless souls have gathered upon Xianzhou, all bearing the will of The Hunt and the intent of seeking revenge on the ravaging Abundance. They will not rest until the complete eradication of the Deathless Doom, and their cosmic tours will not end.

===Doctors of Chaos &mdash; Nihility===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"We do not heal the body, nor free the soul. We do not covet life, nor shun death. We honor existence itself."
:<div align="right">&mdash; Murong, Doctor of Chaos</div>}}''
:<br />"Existence is nothing." When an organism has this thought and applies it as a guiding principle, it begins to walk on the Path ruled by IX and receive the meaningless glimpse of the Aeon from some distant void. This will usually have two outcomes: 1) The organism will devolve and truly become nothing, becoming something called a Self-Annihilator. 2) The organism will be captivated by the magnificence of the Aeon, thus becoming a Doctor of Chaos in their spontaneous curiosity.
:<br />Doctors of Chaos uphold a creed of saving the world: If they are able to prove to IX that existence is more than nothing, they could free that large and lonely soul from the depths of the void. What they try to prove is a paradox, and it cannot be done by mortals, yet the Doctors of Chaos seem to enjoy trying &mdash; Because the moment they perceived the worthlessness of life, that glance from the distant cosmos inspired within them a futile desire to revolt against meaningless destiny.

===Device IX &mdash; Nihility===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Device IX is real. Go find it! There lies all of Dr. Primitive's secrets!"
:<div align="right">&mdash; Some Drunken Galaxy Ranger</div>}}''
:<br />Everything in the universe is bound by the prison of Existence, constrained by their body and mind and blinded by the world's superficial appearance. Even the most intelligent beings cannot comprehend this. Matter, order, logic, and life... Everything that makes up "reality" is but one side of the coin. On the opposite side, of equal entropy, there exists "nihility." The two balance each other to create the complete universe.
:<br />Legend has it, in the void of nothingness that is difficult to be perceived by the material world, there lurks a mysterious faction known as Device IX. Those who gaze into the void for a long time will gradually be drawn to its dark energy, eventually passing through the Dark Web that separates reality from nothingness. The legend has yet to be proven though.
:<br />The most prestigious geniuses in the universe attempted to solve this mystery, challenging Device IX with no results. Why was this organization created? What are its goals? How many members does it have and what do they do? Does... Device IX truly exist? The answer is as empty as the question itself.

===Denizens of Abundance &mdash; Abundance===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"One flower blooms, while thousands more wrinkle. Bones tell no tales, to Abundance most fickle."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Worlds History as a Mirror, ''Xianzhou''</div>}}
:<br />The Denizens of Abundance create poetry and art in the name of their beloved god, spreading the love and kindness of Yaoshi throughout the universe. In the worlds blessed by Yaoshi, the water never runs dry and creatures are free from the cruel binds of time. Life is free to bloom as it sees fit. In the worlds blessed by Yaoshi, age is but a number, and mortals are not afraid of aging and death. They enjoy their lives to the fullest.
:<br />Though its denizens come from different worlds, they all tell the same story: Thousands of years ago, war ravaged their lands. The short lives of mortals bred greed and fear, which gave rise to plunder and tyranny. As demons and plagues ran rampant, the very fate of this world and its denizens were at stake in the flames of war... until a kind god descended and planted a flower seed as warm as the sunshine. The moment the seed touched the earth, the whole world was transformed. Parched soil began to heal and muddy waters became clear. Mortals tortured by wounds and disease were no longer in pain. People's hearts were no longer filled by sorrow. Humankind discarded their blood-stained weapons and began spontaneously praising the blessings from the god of Abundance...
:<br />Yaoshi ended the suffering of these worlds and bestowed upon mortals body and soul that could withstand the corrosion of time. In return, the Denizens of Abundance made Yaoshi's name known to the universe to show their gratitude. Rumors started to spread that certain hunters who roam between worlds regard Yaoshi as evil and THEIR creation defiled creatures. The Denizens will not tolerate such blatant blasphemy. The heathens must pay.

===Elixir Seekers &mdash; Abundance===
:Conflict and turmoil linger everywhere in an already short life span. The lust and ambitions of the living continuously spark conflict and disaster. The transience of life has driven many ordinary people into madness. In order to escape the pain and burden that mortality has brought upon civilization, worlds upon worlds have sent out faithful emissaries of Abundance in hopes of finding the famous Yaoshi and acquiring the elixir of immortality.
:<br />These Elixir Seekers all come from different backgrounds. Some are royals with the command of an entire fleet, while some are just lonely travelers who have nothing but themselves. What they do have in common, however, is the obsession over immortality. The Xianzhou Alliance has repeatedly warned blind followers that there is a cost that lies behind the blessings of Abundance. However, their warnings have always fallen on deaf ears. Arrogance and fear have always trumped the voice of reason, pushing Elixir Seekers further on their fruitless voyage.
:<br />Among the vast number of Elixir Seekers, how many have seen the face of the Abundance? How many can succeed in returning to their civilization with the supposed medicine of salvation? Sadly, these immortality-seeking voyagers have chosen to ignore the harrowing wails of the long-lived monsters that have terrorized the universe.

===Antimatter Legion &mdash; Destruction===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''The emissary in black asked, "For what purpose do you live?" He could only give a vague and obscure response, even after thinking about it for a while. A deadly smile appears across the emissary's face. "Let me put it another way, why are you alive?"''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Fables About the Stars ''by Adrian Spencer Smith''</div>}}
:<br />Nanook, the Aeon of Destruction, commands a vast legion that brings chaos and destruction to the world. Loyal followers of Nanook have embarked on the Path of Destruction, placing themselves at the absolute opposite of life and civilization. They are known as the Antimatter Legion that spreads terror throughout the universe.
:<br />The fiercest races of the universe act as vanguards for the Legion. There are also evil strategists who plot out the destruction of worlds and act as the brains of the Legion. Innocent new worlds are ruthlessly destroyed, while proud and mature civilizations are forced to learn humility while on the brink of collapse. The will of Destruction will only slow down when faced with a dying world. The Legion saunters over planets on the verge of being shattered, devouring the chaotic energy emitted by the process of decay. Only when the last flame of civilization has been extinguished will they leave contently to search for their next target.
:<br />Worlds swept by the tide of the legion ask helplessly in their dying moments, "why?" Amidst the victims' cries of despair, the countless evils in the Legion sneer so heinously that even the stars shudder. It is said that, as demons and evils roam, sometimes the shadow of Nanook would emerge from the starry sky to witness the tragic end of another world.

===The Family &mdash; Harmony===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"The world is in harmony and the stars shine bright. Praise the Lord's boundless virtue! All humans are brethren and all things are connected. The winds of blessing sweep across the lands!"''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Odes of Harmony'', VII''</div>}}
:<br />In the vision of the Harmony, the diverse civilizations throughout the universe will eventually become as close as siblings, singing in unison the hymn of unity and joy. The universe will become a harmonious whole, with no discordant notes to disrupt the beautiful chords and no fools worrying about their own short-sighted futures.
:<br />Thus, under the loving radiance of the Aeon Xipe, THEIR chosen people formed a harmonious "Family." They come from different worlds, belong to different civilizations, and have different identities, but they are, at the same time, the closest family members there are. There is never noisy disputes or even contradictions among its members, only eternal love and smiles &mdash; there is no more harmonious family in the universe than them.
:<br />The Family calls out to other worlds with their song, encouraging them to embrace Harmony. Whenever new worlds accept the blessing of Xipe, The Family will celebrate, rejoice, and work even harder at praising the Aeon's kindness. But not every blessed world can become a member of The Family. Few would mention the civilizations that perished out of stupidity or hubris. People are also curious whether any members of The Family had grown tired of the one and voluntarily abandoned the Path of Harmony? In the face of such a question, The Family smiles and replies "Never."

===Genius Society &mdash; Erudition===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"Into the hallowed halls step pride, ardor, and reason, traversing the length of a corridor etched with the inscription of knowledge and truth, transmuting into the embodiment of lowliness, apathy, and frenzy."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Fables About the Stars ''by Adrian Spencer Smith''</div>}}
:<br />Nous stays in a corner of the cosmos, working out the equations of the universe made up of trillions of variables and deriving the unknown laws of imaginary numbers. Once in a while, a spark of intelligence flashes in a mortal world. The Aeon of Erudition sends a signal to its source, inviting geniuses to join in the search for answers to the universe.
:<br />Many people misinterpret the signal, thinking the invitation to the Genius Society merely represents the favor and approval of the Aeon. Then, they proudly continue to devote themselves to their studies, unaware that the solution to the problems that they have spent their whole lives searching for had already been solved by Nous thousands of years ago. There are also those who rejoice, thinking they have already reached greatness and had created priceless asset of civilization with their diligence and wisdom. They were sure that their life's achievements deserve Nous's approval. These geniuses were eager for a response from Nous, but the Erudition has no time to appreciate the insignificant achievements of mere mortals. THEIR silence was deafening.
:<br />Only very few can ascertain Nous's intentions. They humbly ask questions and seek guidance from the Erudition. These enlightened few then disappear from the world, only leaving behind their world-shattering answers. "The answer to the universe is beyond the limits of mortal wisdom." &mdash; Only geniuses who can clearly acknowledge this conclusion can break free from the shackles of worldly curiosity, becoming true members of the Genius Society.

===Intelligentsia Guild &mdash; Erudition===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"The universe is vast, and knowledge is universal. Both the genius and the mediocre have their own way of living."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; How I Joined the Genius Society and Became Enlightened ''by Herta''</div>}}
:<br />Only the cream of the crop can become members of the Genius Society, but the Intelligentsia Guild wastes not. The Guild is willing to accept all beings from the infinite universe who seek to learn, as well as providing all that is needed for the full pursuit of knowledge.
:<br />The Intelligentsia Guild advocates that "all knowledge must be circulated like currency." Therefore, although there are different schools that specialize in different subjects within the Guild, everyone is actively engaged with one another with no isolationism. Members trade knowledge for wisdom and formulas for recipes, seeking to achieve mastery. Each school, like a business, pays for itself, and academic circulation has achieved the maximum efficiency proposed in economic models.
:<br />An elder in the Genius Society thought the Intelligentsia Guild as laughing stock. However, as an open academic organization, the Intelligentsia Guild was above such mockery. After a long period of research and exploration, its members have reached a consensus that "the only way to transcend the limitations of the individual is to have an academic network of mutual learning."

===The Architects &mdash; Preservation===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"The foolish have their wall of flesh, and the greedy have their wall of riches. When the end comes, they will all turn to ash."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Life Is Too Short ''by Anonymous''</div>}}
:<br />Legend has it, the Aeon of Preservation, Qlipoth, is the oldest Aeon. Silent and mighty, Qlipoth built a light-years long barrier around the cosmos, never engaging in any trivial conflicts or badgering with the other Aeons.
:<br />Civilizations across the cosmos speculate on the motive of Qlipoth. One said the ancient Aeon foresaw a disaster that could obliterate the cosmos, so Qlipoth built a barrier to protect the worlds; one said Qlipoth was willing to slave for other Aeons and was ordered to build walls for THEM. There is no way to verify the truth, but Qlipoth's tireless actions moved the mortals. They spontaneously gathered in groups to build a barrier to protect their planet. Some Architects have claimed to feel the protective gaze of the Aeon upon them. They liken it to a gaze of approval, tinged with the warmth of the forge and the smell of lime.
:<br />The annihilation of a single star can devastate planets thousands of light-years away, pushing them to the precipice of extinction. On the rare occasions of such calamities, worlds are saved only by the walls their denizens have built. People who survived their demise no longer mocked the stubbornness of the Architects. Instead, they joined them, never to question their motives or the meaning of Preservation ever again.

===Interastral Peace Corporation &mdash; Preservation===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"With all due respect, is there anyone in the universe more enlightened than our chairman, Qlipoth? Qlipoth acquiesces in all our business decisions, never asking or questioning why. <div align="right">How great a privilege! How great a trust!"
:&mdash; Oswaldo Schneider, Head of Interastral Peace Corporation Marketing Development Department, Level P47</div>}}''
:<br />To outsiders, the IPC is an enormous consortium advocating free trade. From a business perspective, the IPC is a business that issues money and monopolizes resources. From a startup perspective, the IPC is a selfless support group dedicated to the Aeon of Preservation.
:<br />When many astral citizens talk about the IPC, they talk about its ubiquitous merchandise and logo. It's as if "The IPC exists whenever there is a transaction." In fact, almost all business transactions in the cosmos are based on the credit system created by the IPC. If one were to compare interastral trade to a sports competition, the IPC would be the top athletes as well as the sports, the venue, and the rules themselves.
:<br />Its absolute dominance over wealth and relentless expansion has given the IPC the image of a conspiratorial business dictatorship. But the IPC pays little attention to lowly ambitions such as dictatorship, because its spirit hasn't wavered since its creation:
:<br />Give everything to the Amber Lord, Qlipoth.

===The Swarm &mdash; Propagation===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Human desires are complex... twisted... and even ugly. By contrast, the aesthetics of the Swarm and Legion are so pure. It's... admirable."
:<div align="right">&mdash; Some scientist, before he went mad</div>}}''
:<br />Life is born of an instinctive desire to reproduce, and the senses and spirit are only unintended byproducts created when carrying out the basic instinct of reproduction. Those who don't submit to their primal desire claim to be wise, unaware that they are already considered food for the offspring of Tayzzyronth, the Aeon of Propagation, the Father of the Swarm. The multitudes of the Swarm King's offspring can cover the starry night, their antenna long enough to measure the cosmos. Worlds fearfully call the self-replicated chaos as &mdash; The Swarm.
:<br />Spirit, soul, technology, philosophy... In the thousand compound eyes of Tayzzyronth, the universal laws pursued by all intelligent races are but a side effect of the ultimate goal of reproduction. The Swarm doesn't seek a following by higher races, for "worship" itself is an unnecessary desire. Only the flying creatures that succumb to the primal instinct will be attracted to the self-replicating primordial tide, transforming to be part of the Swarm after becoming its food.
:<br />Even without their god, the Swarm continues expanding at an incalculable rate, bringing fear and disaster to worlds chosen as their nests.

===Garden of Recollection &mdash; Remembrance===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"For people who spend their lives in the desert, even the fleeting memory of aquatic life is priceless."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; Fables About the Stars ''by Adrian Spencer Smith''</div>}}
:<br />To think is to exist, and memories are proofs of that. All things that make up the material world will eventually perish, but they can live on in another way &mdash; through Remembrance.
:<br />Contrary to popular belief that memory is mixed with the imaginary, Memokeepers from the Garden of Recollection believe reality and imagination to be a myth. What is absolutely real and immortal in the universe that is constantly reincarnating? Even stars die and black holes evaporate. On a cosmic scale, they vanish in a breath. In this flood of time and life, the only treasure is the memory that proves the existence of people.
:<br />Memokeepers from the Garden of Recollection are dedicated to preserving and sharing memories. Enlightened by their master Fuli, Memokeepers shed their mortal flesh and live on as memetic entities. With this unique gift, they can freely traverse between worlds, unconstrained by physical limits. Memokeepers often disguise themselves as natives of the worlds they visit. They trade, copy, steal, deceive... using every means necessary to collect precious memories.

===The Cremators &mdash; Remembrance===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Worthless memories dissolve in time, like tears in rain..."
:<div align="right">&mdash; From the memories of Memokeeper Roy Hampton before execution, 2053 AE</div>}}''
:<br />In the Garden of Recollection where memories of the universe are sought and kept, hides a group of extreme Memokeepers who view the marks of existence differently. Instead of treasuring all that has taken place like their colleagues, they believe that there are different qualities and priorities of memories in the world, and that the pure land created by Fuli should not be taken up by worthless memories.
:<br />The Cremators believe that they bear the sacred duty of filtering memories for the Aeons. They steal the stored memories that Memokeepers have gathered and rank them in order of importance. The ones that they deem worthy are returned to the collection, whereas the ones arbitrarily deemed unworthy are completely destroyed, never to be found again.
:<br />The Cremators claim that they are cleaning out the garbage, all in hopes of relieving some of Fuli's burdens, and contributing to the glorious sacred grounds of Remembrance. However, the Garden of Recollection scoffed and saw no reason for their actions, for the smallest shard of memory in the universe holds just as great of importance as the grandest of feats. No mortal has the right to judge the value of any piece of memory.

===Mourning Actors &mdash; Elation===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"They do not laugh, only cry. The more they cried, the harder I laughed. I laughed and laughed until tears fell down my face, and you know what Mourning Actors did? They handed me a tissue."
:<div align="right">&mdash; A Masked Fool with no name</div>}}''
:<br />Mourning Actors are firm believers against Elation. They believe life is full of ups and downs, that agony makes people mature but fleeting joy only offers hopeless and unreachable temptation. Cheap entertainment is a narcotic for humans to lose themselves in. All beings should renounce joy and endure grief to temper their spirits. To this end, these people formed a theater troupe of sorrow.
:<br />The Actors ride a gondola that spans the stars to perform. They collect and wear masks from different worlds, symbolizing the races that have passed and those that have not. At the same time, they record the sorrows of intelligent life. They compose magnificent tragedies for heroes facing their end, and sing graceful elegies for dying stars.
:<br />Mourning Actors advocate celibacy and penance, hoping this would go against the Path of Elation and dilute the sweet allure that the Elation has been able to provide to the universe.
:<br />However, joy and sadness are two sides of the same coin. Their very essence is engraved into the souls of all beings. The Aeon of Elation sees the potential strength in the beauty of tragedy. Perhaps out of fondness for their wicked sense of humor, Aha blessed these people with Aeonic powers, playfully helping them spread their renunciation of joy across many star systems.

===Masked Fools &mdash; Elation===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Even an organization like the Masked Fools sing praises of their Aeon. The Aeon will never give you up, never let you down, or run around and desert you. THEY will never make you cry, say goodbye, or tell a lie and hurt you."
:<div align="right">&mdash; Ast Rickley, super popstar of the Epsilon XII System</div>}}''
:<br />The Masked Fools tell a parable of the birth of their beloved Aeon. When the Aeon of Elation climbed to the highest branch on the Tree of Existence, THEY saw the cold and despicable void, the stars operating like machinery, and how the meaning of all things bows before nothingness. THEY continued looking until THEY saw a baby fall to the ground and cry because it had been wronged. The Aeon burst into laughter, laughter so clear it tore through the cold universe and still reverberates through the universe today.
:<br />The Fools believe that the truth of the world is a joke, and that the ultimate meaning of all things lies in mere laughter. The universe is merciless, but there is joy to eliminate pain, dilute sorrow, resist nihilism, and heal wounds. Laughter, the gift of intelligent races, is the only answer.
:<br />Masked Fools are extremely radical when it comes to their beliefs among the followers of Elation. In their pursuit of pleasure, they do whatever it takes to find it, often causing havoc wherever they go. They laugh at heroes for self-righteousness, kings for their lust of power, lovers for their infatuation, and scholars for their overthinking. The Fools' objective is to stir the stagnant pool of life to create surges and change, because change is a source of mockery and amusement to the Fools. It would be a welcome sight if someone could turn the tables on them.

===History Fictionologists &mdash; Enigmata===
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''"History is not mired in truth, reality can be distorted. We should let the past cease to stay in the past. It only exists in the here and now, in our brains, where everyone can embellish it."''
:<div align="right">&mdash; The Five Millennia Void ''by History Fictionologist Luddokan''</div>}}
:<br />There is evidence that History Fictionologists are a group of Emanators that were enlightened by Aeons. They often plunge into the sea of stars alone, traveling planet to planet with the sole purpose of fabricating, obscuring, destroying, and erasing the local history. History Fictionologists believe that the past determines the future &mdash; when a civilization's history is definite, its future development is doomed as all possibilities are eliminated, leaving only a sad and rigid path forward. In order to save these worlds from the sad fate of objectivity, History Fictionologists consider Enigmata as their only creed and are determined to shroud the universe in mystery.
:<br />History Fictionologists carry out their mission of destroying history alone and decisively, with an altruism that is difficult to comprehend. Their views are poorly understood by most, and their blatant hatred of objective facts is somewhat extreme. Many worlds are beginning to realize the irreversible, intangible damage that these Emanators of Enigmata have caused to culture. Across the cosmos, History Fictionologists have a reputation comparable to that of the Antimatter Legion. The Intelligentsia Guild has publicly denounced them: The Antimatter Legion destroys matter, but the History Fictionologists destroy the very universe itself.

===The Riddlers &mdash; Enigmata===
:''{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"You know what I know, and you don't say what I don't say. What am I?"
:<div align="right">&mdash; Riddler Baden Babbibalo Bala</div>}}''
:<br />Enigmata has a large number of followers, with The Riddlers being a prominent group. They were once palace hall poets, chiaroscuro painters, masters of disguise, or occult monks. While having reached great heights in their respective fields, after coming into contact with the Aeons, they turned into an incomprehensible group of people who spouted ridiculousness and wrote falsehoods.
:<br />Where the History Fictionologists are devoted to the mystification of history, the Riddlers are obsessed with destroying the certainty of language. Words used to express meaning are gradually obfuscated in the mouths of the Riddlers. They deconstruct texts, abuse metaphors, change word orders, tamper with semantics, and transform an otherwise precise language into something beyond recognition.
:<br />While the Riddlers are not as prominent as History Fictionologists, their actions still have a subtle yet huge impact on the current universe. Why is it so hard to find a pure and precise language in the cosmos these days? That is another riddle left by the Riddlers.
