===Flowing Calligraphic Note===
:I saw the usage guidelines you set for the refrigerator. Very reasonable.
:<br />(Recently, I've become interested in the coloring methods of the Xianzhou Primeval Imperium Era, and I'm doing experiments on them. I apologize for using your refrigerator without asking you.
:<br />Thank you for taking out the experiments for me. If it had been refrigerated longer, there might have been a color difference.
:<br />I leave some small gifts in your refrigerator as thanks./First of all, I just want to say I'm sorry. I shouldn't have used your refrigerator without your consent. I totally get that you were angry with me and therefore ate my experiments.
:<br />But I still have two things to say about this:
:<br />First, although all the materials for plant colorings in the old way are harmless, they are not food after all, so please do not eat them next time.
:<br />Second, the quality of that cloth is very good. How on earth did you swallow it? Please tell me about it when you are available.
:<br />I leave some small gifts in your refrigerator as apologies.)
:<br />(Also, March 7th is very grateful to you. If it weren't for your help, she wouldn't have been able to make the ice cream. I tasted the finished ones and they are really good./In addition, March 7th wants to ask you: How does the ice cream soup taste? If it's good, she might be able to develop a milkshake based on it.)
:<br />(By the way, we're having yesterday's Express Special leftovers for today's dinner.
:<br />The Conductor is glad that this bowl of Express Special in your refrigerator didn't get eaten by you, unexpected though that is./Finally, I can't help but remind you: Don't eat so much of Express Special in one go. That's not good for your stomach.)
