===Grady Films Anniversary Special===
:Now dominating 45% of Penacony's local film market, Grady's entertainment company stands as the city's most successful. As times change, we sit down with Mr. Grady once more, will he deliver another unexpected perspective?
:<br />'''Reporter:''' You established the Grady company while still in prison. How did you convince the company inspector to allow an inmate to form a business behind bars?
:<br />'''Grady:''' For most IPC Dogs, it comes down to one thing &mdash; profit. When prisoners were awake, IPC's Nickodeum Cinemas successfully drained what little money inmates had. But dreams? Well, before they realized what was happening, my lawyer friends had already put my name on the dream bubble movie technology patent.
:<br />They wanted to squeeze every last coin from prisoners' savings into their own pockets. So they set up a company under my name and made me chairman. Of course, the actual person in charge was our "dear" inspector, McCoy Tyner.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' You faced plenty of criticism as an IPC puppet back then. But today's Grady Films is practically a brand-new company, wouldn't you say?
:<br />'''Grady:''' Yes, all thanks to Mr. McCoy's excessive confidence. He actually gave me, the so-called honorary chairman, a dividend share, treating it like spare change. So prisoners' savings, which should have flowed 100% back to the IPC, now had a tiny stream diverted to me. Though barely significant, that money successfully helped fund the initial stages of Penacony's "War of Independence."
:<br />McCoy died while trying to crush the rebellion, and the original Grady company became history. But the Nickodeum Cinemas and assets he left behind formed the foundation for rebuilding our film industry later. In that sense, I should be grateful to him, especially for dying when he did.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' Beyond importing excellent films, Grady Films has fostered many local talents. As competition intensifies, what wisdom would you share with the next generation?
:<br />'''Grady:''' Make films with passion, not opportunism. I hope future Penacony creates its own universally famous masterpieces that belong truly to us.
:<br />I also extend a warm invitation to dreamweaving technology specialists to join Grady Films. Help us improve our still-evolving dream bubble movie technology and create better experiences for audiences everywhere.
