===Letter from the Phantom Thief Cipher===
:Dear Princess Homebody:
:<br />Walking through the busy garden, I discovered the remarkable gifts crafted by Princess Homebody. They are truly splendid, and I am most impressed.
:<br />I'm also taken with your charming presents prepared for fellow Chrysos Heirs. In your right parlor, I observed the beautiful felt dolls, the beige-and-lavender striped tapestry, the classic Aidonian tripod table, and in the left parlor, the jewelry and exquisite art pieces meant as gifts.
:<br />This time, I've claimed only this modest gift. I fear it would attract tasteless little thieves, so I shall safeguard it for now. Naturally, I've left appropriate payment &mdash; a single coin. If the price displeases you, feel free to negotiate its return. Though should that happen, I won't be satisfied with merely one coin.
:<br />Should you wish to find me, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|visit the '''Marmoreal Market'''. There lies a Golden Short Spear I've left &mdash; you know what to do. It shall guide you to me!}} And before you ask &mdash; I won't accept any questions.
:<br />Please forgive this small intrusion and accept my highest regards.
:<br />P.S.: Who displays biological specimens at home? They're quite unsettling. You might want to store them away when entertaining guests.
:<br />P.P.S.: Despite your considerable investment in the ''Aidonian Ossuary'' hanging in your parlor, I regret to inform you it's a fake. The original was craftily switched by those cunning scholars of the Grove of Epiphany. The full story can be found in the yet-unpublished ''Memoirs of Cifera''.
:<br /><div align="right">Sincerely, Kitty Phantom Thief</div>
