===Liangmu's Letter===
:Dear Miss Banxia,
:<br />I hope this letter finds you well. (I heard that people from Xianzhou always engage in such pleasantries when writing letters)
:<br />Since I left Cloudford, I have tried many times to contact you in vain. Then it occurred to me that I can ask the two healers you sent last time to deliver this letter directly to you. There's an important matter I wish you to know. I don't want to walk away like this, and I have to tell you what I'm thinking.
:<br />To be honest, if the two healers hadn't arrived in time, I would have thought that you had abandoned me.
:<br />But that doesn't mean I forgive you. I asked the two healers and realized that not only did you not come to me, you also did not bring me the list I want. You just took pity on me and sent the two doctors over. I do not need treatment! What I need is equal respect. I know you have always looked down on short-lived species like me. I feel like a street rat.
:<br />You have no idea how long I have been hiding in that humble container, how vicious the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus are, and how dangerous the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission are... You have no idea of all the dangers I faced while you were hiding in the Alchemy Commission. You only cared about yourself, never my life.
:<br />You've done so little for me... I can't feel your love at all despite your past assurances.
:<br />I have to make it clear that I never liked you. You said that you could get the Elixir of Immortality, so I got close to you. You said that the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus are real, so I encouraged you to join them. You said that you could get the list from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, so I risked everything and waited for you at Cloudford. Stop thinking you're superior to me. I don't need your pity.
:<br />By the way, I have already been repatriated by the Palace of Astrum. When you received the letter, I will already have left. Farewell!
:<br /><div align="right">Liangmu</div>
