===Liangmu's Message (I)===
:Banxia:
:<br />If you're reading this, it means you have come to find me. I have left this container and am hiding elsewhere. I have left my whereabouts on the back of the letter, and you should see some light marks if you dust it off. (I really don't know how to describe the container's location, so I drew a rough sketch.)
:<br />A few days ago, you were worried that I would not be able to eat well or sleep well at Cloudford due to my illness and sent me some Xianzhou specialty snacks, quilts, and pillows through courier cycranes. While I was overjoyed, I also felt very guilty. How could I ever repay your kindness? What can I offer in return?
:<br />Maybe it will take me hundreds or thousands of years to repay you.
:<br />You know me, longevity is not my ultimate pursuit. Unlike those Elixir Seekers, I have greater ambitions. Now with your help, my efforts have paid off, and immortality is no longer out of my reach.
:<br />I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
:<br />Back to business. I've cleaned up the traces of life around the container because a disciple of Sanctus Medicus came up to me, and it must be because of you. I am not angry, but excited. It means that you have succeeded, and we are one step closer to success.
:<br />I'll hide in the next place. Call out for me when you arrive. After confirming that you are alone, I will come out. Don't blame me for being too cautious, I wouldn't be alive if I wasn't.
:<br /><div align="right">Liangmu</div>
