===List of Suspects===
:Esteemed Head of the Oak Family,
:<br />The investigation into all the suspects involved in the "Death" case has been concluded. The findings are summarized below for your review.
:<br /><div align="right">Respectfully yours,
:
Esmay Drott</div>
:<br />
Attachment:
:
Ryan, a general staff from the Oak Family, short gray hair, leading a laid-back lifestyle, often caught slacking off at work.
:<br />Percy, a diplomatic clerk from the Oak Family, dark curly hair, suffering from severe OCD, unable to work until his tie is tied and checked five times.
:<br />Reshi, a diplomatic clerk from the Oak Family, long gray hair, a devoted fan of Clockie, exhibits a preference for the clock element in almost all aspects of life.
:<br />Connor, a professor at Paperfold University, short red hair, rumored by students to be an enigmatic figure due to his unkempt appearance.
:<br />Doriani, a professor at Paperfold University, short gray hair, known among students for bringing cigarettes to class instead of textbooks.
:<br />Pururu, a researcher from the Nightingale Family, long blonde hair, known for being obsessed with soda and having the research lab's trashcan filled with empty drink cans.
:<br />Benny, a Dreamscape Producer from the Nightingale Family, curly brown hair, frail and thin, exhibiting an almost fanatical affection for dream construction.
:<br />Maureen, a Dreamweaver from the Nightingale Family, short gray hair, standard stature for Pepeshi adults, possesses a collector's fetish, particularly fond of mugs and jugs.
:<br />Sir Whittaker, the head of the Nightingale Family, short black hair, distinguished by his rare orange pupils.
:<br />Patt, a renowned actor from the Iris Family, short gray hair, featured in numerous classic films and TV shows, known for his distinctive thigh band.
:<br />Borridge, an actor from the Iris Family, short black hair, frequently cast in gangster-themed films, widely acclaimed for his performances in close-quarters combat scenes.
:<br />Nader, a drinksmith from the Iris Family, short blond hair, enjoying a good reputation among tourists for his engaging conversations.
:<br />Carrie, an actress from the Iris Family, long pale hair, known for crossdressing in films to play suit-clad male protagonists, affectionately called by her fans as the Gray Beauty.
:<br />Brendan, a guard from the Bloodhound Family, short brown hair, awarded a medallion for rescuing ten stranded tourists in an incident caused by a meme.
:<br />Carter, a security officer from the Bloodhound Family, short blond hair, small stature, often spending his leisure time at casinos in the Moment of Stars.
:<br />Woolsey, the captain of Bloodhound Guardians, short blond hair, a stocky man bearing several scars from previous encounters with memes.
:<br />Olomu, a detective from the Bloodhound Family, short black hair, known for his unkempt stubble and excellent undercover work and investigations within underground gangs.
:<br />Corinna, an agent from the Bloodhound Family, long gray hair, nicknamed "Fireball" by underground gangs due to her tendency to wear all-red attire while enforcing the law.
:<br />Melanie, a reporter from the Alfalfa Family, short blonde hair, standard Pepeshi stature, exhibiting a mental age beyond her actual years.
:<br />Gabe, a gambling agent from the Alfalfa Family, short black hair, standard Pepeshi stature, used to enjoy a candy before a gamble starts.
:<br />Lothric, a hotel butler from the Alfalfa Family, dark curly hair, tall stature, possessing a sense of humor that attracts numerous VIP customers.
:<br />Lester, an auction trader from the Alfalfa Family, gray curly hair, medium stature, regularly indulging in a Dreamjoy Special after work.
:<br />Gnaghi, a project manager from the Alfalfa Family, long blonde hair, a shorter-than-average Pepeshi, maintains a calm demeanor that has generated a lot of revenue for The Family.
:<br />...
:<br />''*There are a total of 52 suspects on the list, followed by Sunday's note. "Perhaps there is a common thread among them. I have reached a conclusion."''
