===Memory Sorting===
:Herta assigned me to find a certain lost Curio, which is a kind of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|energy lifeform}} related to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Genius Society}}. It seems that I may need Asta's help.
:<br />I found Asta, but she didn't seem to know much about it either. Fortunately, Hinkel of the Department of Ecology and Emily of the Department of Insight are nearby, which is more or less a clue.
:<br />Hinkel is troubled by the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|confidence crisis}} within the space station, and Asta must be under considerable pressure. We had a brief chat, and she speculated that what Herta is looking for might be Wubbaboos, but this conclusion may be inaccurate. In the end, Hinkel suggested that I look for Adler. Apparently, he is the person who knows the most about Curios in the Department of Ecology.
:<br />In addition to Hinkel from the Department of Ecology, I also asked Emily from the Department of Insight for clues about the missing Curio. She told me that apparently there are similar lifeforms in {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|the Xianzhou Alliance}}.
:<br />The issue of the confidence crisis Hinkel mentioned concerned me a little. Asta and I chatted about this topic, and I unexpectedly learned that there had been {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|a series of researcher disappearances}} on the space station recently.
:<br />I ran into Arlan on my way to find Adler. He seemed to be looking for Adler too, so I decided to go with him.
:<br />Adler was saved by us when he was attacked. I explained what my intentions were, and he said that the Wubbaboos suspected by Hinkel of the Department of Ecology and the heliobus that Emily of the Department of Insight heard about were both {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|energy lifeforms}}, which gave him some kind of revelation.
:<br />Arlan was secretly investigating something. After saving Adler, I tried to get to the bottom of things, but he seemed to be hiding something. I did some poking around, and sure enough, he was investigating the disappeared researchers that Asta mentioned before. With Adler's help, he discovered that every disappearance was accompanied by an instance of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|spontaneous human combustion}}.
:<br />Herta assigned me to investigate energy lifeforms similar to Wubbaboos and heliobi. The spontaneous human combustion occuring among the researchers is a thorny problem. However, Adler already seems to have a bold conjecture. His intuition is usually very accurate, and we can look forward to how his predictions play out.
