===Message From a Stone Block===
:To my unfamiliar friend,
:<br />I trust that you've come for my safe. However, before that, I believe you should become aware of what had transpired within this residence.
:<br />As an outworlder burdened with a gravely ill wife, I invested a considerable sum to acquire this property near the Alchemy Commission. I have resided here for quite some time and have encountered numerous inexplicable phenomena. Whispers seem to emanate from the corners, an unexplainable chill occasionally fills the air, and my furniture would move on its own.
:<br />These occurrences led me to experience severe nervous breakdowns, succumbing to overwhelming despair. Just as I nearly listed my home for sale, a real estate agent tormented me too. He inquired, "Is your house haunted? A haunted property like this won't fetch a high price. Selling it to me at a reduced rate would be your best option." However, I never disclosed the haunted nature of my home to him... If you are perceptive enough, you might have discerned the true reason behind its "haunting."
:<br />I don't do things like other people. Upon discovering the truth, I resolved to seek retribution. I placed the deed within the safe, refraining from selling to anyone and letting that agent wander about the place for all eternity. I shall depart from the Xianzhou for good, ensuring that he never gains possession of this abode.
:<br />If you, my unfamiliar friend, wish to unlock the safe, you must solve the puzzle I have left behind!
:<br />{{Color|h|nobold=1|M is 71839.}}
:{{Color|h|nobold=1|N is 7193.}}
:{{Color|h|nobold=1|V is 183.}}
:<br />The combination to the safe is written on a note affixed to its surface. Enter the correct combination, and you shall discover the surprise I have prepared for you.
:<br /><div align="right">Yours most sincerely,</div>
:<div align="right">Renault</div>
