===Neatly Written Note===
:(Thanks for putting the ice cream in the freezer for me! I was researching its recipe the other day and accidentally pulled an all-nighter. In the end, I was so drowsy that I put it in the fridge(/ﾟДﾟ)/
:<br />If it weren't for your help, my food creation would have failed! Thanks a lot~
:<br />I made a few more ice creams while the iron was hot (the ice creams don't seem hot). I'll share one with you as a thank-you gift (●′ω`●)/How! Dare! You! Drink! My! Ice! Cream!!!
:<br />It's my fault for using your refrigerator without telling you, but you shouldn't devour it in one gulp! At least leave some for me (,,Ծ‸Ծ,,)
:<br />But what about it? It must taste good, right? That's me alright~
:<br />I made another one for you. It definitely tastes better than popsicle water <(￣︶￣)>)
:<br />(Also, Pom-Pom has a message for you: There's just no room for this bowl of leftovers since the kitchen refrigerator is stuffed with ingredients. Many thanks to Passenger (Trailblazer) for the help in keeping it stored./Also, Pom-Pom has a message for you: It's the Conductor's fault for using your refrigerator without asking you, but you've got a huge appetite! Don't overeat and take care of your health.)
:<br />(P.S. Dan Heng's coloring experiment was also a success. He said it was due to your timely taking out of the materials from the refrigerator.
:<br />You're literally the chosen experiment assistant!/P.S. Although you ate Dan Heng's experiments, he wasn't angry with you. He was just very curious as to how on earth you did it.
:<br />I'm curious too!)
