===Nighttales of Fyxestroll Garden: Scene One (II)===
:...
:<br />It is said that, in his mansion that day, General Teng Xiao was in deep thought, devising strategies and conducting simulations to break the encirclement of the borisin forces. Suddenly, a strange wind blew through the hall, causing the curtains to flutter.
:<br />General Teng Xiao stood up with his hands behind his back and spoke to the empty room. "It is impolite to be an uninvited guest, and even more so to hide in the shadows. Show yourself quickly!"
:<br />Laughter echoed through the empty hall and suddenly, a formless green flame appeared, resembling a ghostly eye, fixating its eerie gaze on the general.
:<br />"I've heard that each of the Reignbow's Arbiter-Generals possess exceptional abilities, and seeing you today confirm those rumors."
:<br />"I entered these halls without prior notice, and for that, I apologize. However, my purpose here is to assist you in breaking the encirclement."
:<br />"The borisin forces are closing in with the intention of completely annihilating the Luofu. Your troops are few, and resisting the enemy is as difficult as reaching the heavens."
:<br />Although the green flame had no mouth, it seemed to converse like a person. It hovered through the air, illuminating the dark corners of the hall. The guards in the hall stood expressionlessly, as if trapped in a dream.
:<br />"Facing life and death in battle, mortals tremble in fear. But if you allow us, the heliobi, to possess you, you'll have no fear of the blade or the enemy. Defeating them will be as easy as turning your hand."
:<br />"Your help freely offered must come with an exchange. I've heard that the Reignbow once exchanged their mortal body for aid from the Flint Emperor. I assume you have similar intentions?"
:<br />"I, Ignamar, seek nothing more than your body and emotions, General of the Reignbow." The jade flame burned brighter, growing to a size hundredfold bigger than before. "I have been dormant for a millennium, and there's no better corporeal offering for us than this!"
:<br />The general remained unfazed, signaling Ignamar to continue.
:<br />"At midnight tonight, I shall await your answer in Fyxestroll Garden. At the garden entrance, there will be several porcelain vases, some cerulean and some vermilion. If you refuse my offer, leave the {{Color|heliobus|nobold=1|cerulean vases}} pristine and {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|unharmed}}. At the same time, with the {{Color|fire|nobold=1|vermilion vases}}, you should {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|break them all}} to indicate you accept my offer and wish for bloody battle."
:<br />"That is how I will be able to decipher your reply, general. After tonight, if you wish to meet me again, knock with the left door knocker three times, followed by the right knocker three times. No more, no less."
:<br />The general frowned and sighed, "A mere malevolent spirit dares to steal one's soul and mimic human behavior. Away, and I will respond in time."
:<br />...

===Nighttales of Fyxestroll Garden: Scene One (III)===
:...
:<br />Speaking of Fyxestroll Garden, there's a place within its boundaries known as Locufox Forest, which was built by foxian craftsmen for the enjoyment of the garden's visitors. Over the years, they expanded it with elegant buildings, marking it with exceptional opulence.
:<br />General Teng Xiao entered this area, but instead of seeing its beauty, he found it in ruins and desolation, filled with eerie and sinister atmospheres. He wondered how a place like this could fall into such disrepair when Fyxestroll Garden had only been completed decades prior. He suspected this was the work of heliobi's illusions.
:<br />He arrived at a courtyard and was greeted by a young servant who bowed and offered him a food box. When he examined it closely, he noticed that the young servant had milky eyes, indicating impairment of sight.
:<br />"The food is simple, as a mere token of goodwill. You've come a long way, hungry and tired, so my master wishes for you to dine before we discuss matters further."
:<br />"I've passed through at least ten moon gates to get here, but in all my visits to Fyxestroll Garden, I don't remember encountering so many gates. If your master wishes to negotiate, they should do so openly and with respect. Where do they find the audacity to play tricks on me?"
:<br />The young servant remained unperturbed by Teng Xiao's stern words, as if deaf to his thunderous reprimand.
:<br />"With the tricks your master likes to deploy with their dark arts, if I were to eat from this box, I'd probably find a lump of black mud in my mouth." With a flick of his sleeves, General Teng Xiao tossed the food box onto the ground. Sure enough, it grew spider-like limbs and skittered away.
:<br />"General, with your divine insight and clear deduction, you've already passed the test. As a token of acknowledgment that you have just passed the test, my master wishes to present you with a gift," answered the blind servant calmly.
:<br />"In the side room, there are various chests to choose from. Please select the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|least expensive one}}."
:<br />"As for the porcelain vases at the entrance..." The blind young servant's face twisted into a disturbing smile, no longer resembling that of an innocent youth."My master said..."
:<br />"General, after enduring so much on the battlefield, I'm sure you'd show compassion for the wounded and fallen soldiers. Please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|break all}} the {{Color|heliobus|nobold=1|cerulean vases}}. As for the {{Color|fire|nobold=1|vermilion ones}}, they must {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|remain intact}}."
:<br />"It seems that your master is determined to strike this deal no matter what." The general let out a long sigh. He looked up and found that the clear moon had disappeared, replaced by thick, enveloping clouds.
:<br />"Let's hope they don't come to regret their decision." Teng Xiao strode forward, pushing open the final gate.
:<br />...
