===Printed Note===
:(Trailblazer), I can't believe you've already learned how to make money out of the refrigerator. I don't know if I should be concerned or impressed...
:<br />(But the Conductor is glad about one thing: You didn't touch the Express Special in your refrigerator at all.
:<br />Pom-Pom paid the "storage fee" for the Express Special, per your new "rules." I hope you don't waste it./And! Aren't you just eating up the Express Special!? If everyone pays you the refrigerator use fees, you have to take the responsibility for keeping the stuff in your refrigerator properly.
:<br />However, having everyone pay the refrigerator use fees is a good idea, and Pom-Pom would like to encourage you. So, according to your new rules, Pom-Pom has paid the Storage Fee for the Express Special. I hope you don't waste it.)
:<br />(This Storage Fee also includes Passenger Dan Heng's share. He is grateful to you for looking after his cloth.
:<br />Passenger Dan Heng said that if this ancient method plant coloring experiment is successful, maybe it can even be used to make a new outfit for Pom-Pom~
:<br />I'm looking forward to it!/Passenger Dan Heng's share of this Storage Fee is also included. He believes that you must be very angry about our using your refrigerator without telling you, otherwise you wouldn't have eaten a piece of cloth.
:<br />But even if you're mad, don't eat anything you're not supposed to!)
:<br />(Pom-Pom also heard that you put Passenger March 7th's ice cream in the freezer. Without your help, her attempt to make ice cream would have failed.
:<br />Heh-heh, looks like she's the one who should be paying you in the first place./<div align="right">''Below the note is a small, handwritten line, delicate but slightly childish: ''</div>
:<div align="right">penny pincher (￣^￣) hmph!</div>)
