===Researcher Profile: Hosea===
:<div align="center">Herta Researcher Archive</div>
:<br /><div align="center">&mdash;&mdash; Basic Information &mdash;&mdash; </div>
:<br />Name: Hosea Lazaro
:Sex: Male
:Race:Homo sapiens
:Height: 173 cm
:Weight: 80 kg
:Physical Condition: Very healthy
:Faction Affiliation: Former Nameless, Intelligentsia Guild: Armed Archaeologists
:Planet of Origin: Rima
:Method of Selection: Self-recommended
:<br /><div align="center">&mdash;&mdash; Research Information &mdash;&mdash; </div>
:<br />Staff Number: R-GGRA-009
:Profile Number: 2147-009
:Department: Department of Cosmic Geography
:Access Permissions: Advanced researcher - Access Lv. IV (demoted in 2154 AE)
:Research Topic: Cosmos Guide
:Evaluation Score: Distinction/Outstanding
:Employment: Tenure
:Further Employment: Negative
:Emergency Contact: Wen Tianweng
:Contact Details: Station call
:<br /><div align="center">&mdash;&mdash; Research Findings &mdash;&mdash; </div>
:<br />That's all ancient history now. The Cosmos Guide is good enough on its own, right?
:Anyone with that sort of finding will have the rest of their lives sorted out.
:<br /><div align="center">&mdash;&mdash; Research Plan &mdash;&mdash; </div>
:<br />Everything else is just vanity.
:<br />First of all, make a few hundred copies of the Cosmos Guide and distribute them to all the young people in the Department of Cosmic Geography. This is the foundation for all future research, and from now on, we no longer have to stumble around a dark tunnel with a dim lantern, and the cosmos will be as bright as day before us!
:<br /><div align="center">&mdash;&mdash; Self-Evaluation &mdash;&mdash; </div>
:<br />There is no doubt, Hosea Lazaro is the inimitable genius of Herta Space Station. This near-absolute conclusion will only be swayed when Herta herself makes an appearance.
:<br />It's a pity that choice far outweighs effort. In a series of major historical events, the Department of Cosmic Geography that Hosea Lazaro chose to dedicate his life to has fallen foul of interdepartmental struggles. Just as even the best captain can't drive a sinking ship through a storm, the genius Hosea Lazaro faces unprecedented injustice on the space station. It's all because we don't have the financial power of a scalper, the diplomatic capacity of a politician, the multiracial support of a biologist, or the divine favor of a fortune-teller.
:<br />All we have is an infinite yearning for the uncultivated lands within the cosmos and hands that dig deep into the earth.
:<br />However, those who want nothing more but to watch as Hosea Lazaro embarrasses himself will be disappointed! I will never doubt my own raison d'être because of my peers' incompetence. In all of my annual self-evaluations, I have written, and will continue to write the following sentence:
:<br />{{Size|18|Hosea Lazaro IS the inimitable genius of Herta Space Station!}}
:<br />''*1. The weighted average of multiple assessments is adopted for the evaluation score.''
:''*2. Herta Space Station abides by the cosmic regulations and laws of privacy and security when collecting, storing, and using researcher information. Personnel with specific access authorizations are allowed to view or use researcher files. Relevant personnel are not permitted to disclose any files to third parties without prior authorization, failing which will result in severe punishment.''
