===Selection of Mr. Xiyan's Tales===
:{{Size|32|The Clash Between a Knight and Pirates}}
:Just in the nick of time, two beams of light shone in from the space behind the pirates' ship, hitting the captain's bridge dead on and sending sparks flying as the captain cowered for dear life. Before the captain came to his senses, he saw a silver-white battleship approaching, and a voice shouted: "I am a knight of the Wondergazer, and on their behalf, I shall vanquish you, fiend of evil!"
:<br />Now you're probably wondering, who is this knight of the Wondergazer and what are his powers? Can he defeat evil against all odds and save the Luofu merchants from a fiery demise? Sorry guests, but you'll have to tune in next time to find out!
:<br />{{Size|32|One Versus 300}}
:Yukong held her breath and counted out fourteen thieves from the Annihilation Gang who apparently had no fear of death, climbing up the hill silently... As she drew her bow, she didn't bother to open her eyes, instead tracking the thieves by ear. "Swoosh... swoosh... swoosh" &mdash; the dozen or so scumbags fell to the ground dead, their whole squad obliterated!
:<br />The gang's main camp was alerted of this deed, and hundreds of strange-looking Annihilation Gang members came marching out, their ranks forming a dark mass over the hillside that stretched out from beneath Yukong's feet. The sight of them didn't provoke the slightest hint of fear in her, and she shouted: "Little scumbags! Come and surrender your lives!"
:<br />All of our listeners, you tell me &mdash; outnumbered three-hundred to one, will Madam Yukong be able to fend off this legion of attackers? Tune in next time to find out!
:<br />{{Size|32|Swarm Elimination by 12 Cloud Knights}}
:A few Cloud Knights landed and surveyed the situation. Without any hesitation, they gathered the young and strong in the city and said to them:
:<br />"We are from the Xianzhou Luofu, ordered by the Reignbow Arbiter to cleanse the cosmos of evil. Although the vermin left behind by the Swarm Author is not part of the original plan, it is also our duty to contend with them. As mortal creatures, it is natural to feel timidity in the face of those evil insects. But as humans, how can we succumb to insects and beasts? They should be taught a lesson, so they know who the leader of all living things is!"
:<br />Can the Cloud Knights defeat the onslaught of the nigh-illimitable Swarm and help the inhabitants of Pomferney rebuild their home planet?
:<br />Heh, don't get ahead of yourself... All will be revealed next time.
:<br />{{Size|32|The Slaying of Zulo by Galaxy Rangers}}
:We of the Xianzhou Alliance are not the only ones who trust in the Reignbow Arbiter &mdash; there is also a group of Galaxy Rangers who are heroes under the Reignbow's command. Their members hail from across the cosmos, and have all kinds of personalities and traits, but each of them are highly skilled, despises evil, and believes in the Arbiter.
:<br />The story goes that in those days, a Lord Ravager named "Zulo," who was under the command of the Ruin Author, led a number of bandits and pirates to scour the universe, leaving destruction and death in their wake.
:<br />It was at this crucial moment that the heroes of the Galaxy Rangers took up arms, shattering Zulo's grand dream of destruction and forcing him to his death in the Swarm!
:There were countless survivors of the Swarm Author's ranks, armed with mouths that swallowed the sky and teeth that tore through the earth, but without any sentient intelligence. The Galaxy Rangers drove out these insects and beasts, and herded them to attack the fleet of the Lord Ravager.
:<br />What an elaborate method &mdash; using the tiger to hunt the wolf! Or you could say, the moth flew straight into the flame!
:<br />{{Size|32|A Song to Mourn the Reignbow}}
:For millennia the heliobi and Xianzhou fought endlessly, having no care as sworn enemy and foe.
:Then the Wingweavers descended ten thousand strong, the Xianzhou faced them brave head on.
:The Wingweavers soar equal to the sky, having built the Muldrasil towering into the stellar void.
:From ice-cold slumber the Xianzhou woke, a hero of bygone days of old.
:The hero sought out the Flint Emperor, and to it did speak:
:"The mountains and rivers are shaken by the Wingweavers, the Xianzhou and heliobi must cross this bridge hand-in-hand."
:"You were exiled to the inferno, but now you can join me to cleanse these monsters from our land."
:And so the Flint Emperor was to the hero bound, and the force of their bow shattered stars and earth.
:Muldrasil was the nest of the mighty Wingweavers, yet the hero enveloped it in flames overall.
:The Flint Emperor exhausted all their might, and the Wingweavers' wings were scorched beyond flight.
:The soul of the Xianzhou cried in the face of death, and the hero did not return from their plight.
:To this day, rivers of blood have been spilled in war. Allow me to sing a long song, a lament to comfort the fallen souls.
