===Signal Log: 2157 AE, Months 40-43===
:Source: Unknown light-years (exceeds detectable distance)
:Recipient: Herta Space Station, Rocky Martinez
:<br /><div align="center">***Translated Text Below***</div>
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 06:32:17''
:Hi Rocky!
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 06:32:45''
:The Interastral Research Team has landed on a planet in the neighboring system to the Abundance segmentum. The air here is so refreshing!
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 06:33:08''
:Even though this place isn't actual Aeons territory, it's already able to generate an extremely high degree of oxygen just by being close to the Aeons.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 06:33:29''
:This is my first time witnessing Theophany... I've always stayed inside the space station. Only reading about this is like living under a rock.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 06:33:39''
:Ah, the repeater signal is about to end... I feel like I said a lot of meaningless things. Sorry.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 06:34:48''
:Don't forget to keep up the good work at the space station. Try your best to come out to see the stars soon, just like that Hosea who you admire so much.
:<br />Destination: Unknown light-years (exceeds detectable distance)
:Sender: Herta Space Station, Rocky Martinez
:<br /><div align="center">***Edits Below, Translation Sent***</div>
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:14:18''
:Lesley, congratulations on your safe arrival!
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:25:27''
:Don't worry, I scored Excellent in the previous evaluation and I'll definitely do it again next time.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:41:43''
:Lesley, what you said was very interesting. It's definitely not a waste of time! Tell me about everything you see. I'll be waiting to hear from you!
