===Signal Log: 2157 AE, Months 44-47===
:Destination: Unknown light-years (exceeds detectable distance)
:Sender: Herta Space Station, Rocky Martinez
:<br /><div align="center">***Edits Below, Translation Sent***</div>
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 18:12:24''
:Lesley, do you still have the Astro Rod I gave you?
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 19:33:56''
:You said that it was difficult to use before. I looked through some ancient text today and found a method for it. I've been eager to share it with you.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 19:37:36''
:"Place the rod in the soil, straight and direct. Straight as in not crooked, and straight as in not bent. Hold the rod with both hands, and pierce it straight into the dirt. Inspect the straightness, use the mirror to focus the light. If the light reaches the bottom, then you're all set. If the light lands on the wall of the hole, then it is bent."
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 19:40:11''
:Memorize it and tell me if it works.
:<br />Source: Unknown light-years (exceeds detectable distance)
:Recipient: Herta Space Station, Rocky Martinez
:<br /><div align="center">***Translated Text Below***</div>
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 02:55:08''
:Ahh, silly Rocky, Astro Rods are so outdated nowadays! Hasn't the one you guys have at your school also been sitting in the collections cabinet?
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 02:56:43''
:All the tools the research team now uses to measure planetary soil are from the IPC.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 02:58:20''
:Well, seeing that it's the Astro Rod that you gave me, I suppose I'll try and figure out how it works. I believe that digging up some precious rare-earth elements with it shouldn't be a problem.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 03:02:34''
:Hey, aren't you always doing research with rocks? What's your favorite colored mineral? I'll try to look for it.
