===Signal Log: 2157 AE, Months 48-51===
:Source: Unknown light-years (exceeds detectable distance)
:
Recipient: Herta Space Station, Rocky Martinez
:<br /><div align="center">***Translated Text Below***</div>
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 04:25:32''
:
Rocky! Can you guess what I'm experiencing right now!?
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 04:26:01''
:
The main star of the Abundance segmentum experienced a gravitational collapse due to an unknown influence. Soon after, there was a starquake!
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 04:26:22''
:
Flashes in the universe and gamma afterglow fills everything in visible range.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 04:26:58''
:
This is such a rare sight. The team member that promised to come with me before got scared and ran away... *sigh* It'd be so nice if you were here.
:<br />Lesley ''Herta Space Station System Time 04:27:39''
:
So don't be mad, okay?
:<br />Destination: Unknown light-years (exceeds detectable distance)
:
Sender: Herta Space Station, Rocky Martinez
:<br /><div align="center">***Edits Below, Translation Sent***</div>
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:30:13''
:
Got scared and ran away? Good.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:31:48''
:
From now on, don't accept any more gifts from that guy. It's obvious that he's unreliable.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:37:02''
:
I'm not mad... I'm actually regretting our little argument. You scared me to death when you said starquake. I thought something bad happened to you...
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:38:23''
:
But now I know. The beauties of a starquake is a result of its dangers.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:45:16''
:
Let's go and watch it together next time. I will be right next to you even if it's dangerous.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:56:05''
:
What I mean is... If possible... From now on, I'd like to always stay by your side.
:<br />Rocky ''Herta Space Station System Time 08:56:15''
:
Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
