===Slumbernana Monkey Fan Creation: Dreams of Monkeys and Bananas===
:{{Color|fire|nobold=1|<div align="center">This fan work violates the guidelines for Slumbernana Monkey fan creations due to its exceedingly unsettling nature.</div>}}
:Sorry for the violation. This piece wasn't meant for publication, but I really love it, so I decided to share it here.
:Please don't redistribute this work without permission.
:<br />You may have come across similar urban legends elsewhere &mdash; Dream of the Evil Ape, Scary Monkey Show, or something like that?
:In those tales, the protagonists often find themselves aboard a public transport vehicle in a dream where an oddly shaped monkey begins a self-immersed countdown, then brutally murders the passengers seated in front of protagonist in all sorts of terrifying ways, row by row.
:The sheer horror of its means to kill surpasses all possible human imagination regarding torture, instilling a profound sense of horror that jolts the dreamers awake. However, they inevitably find themselves returning once again to that unsettling nightmare, with the menacing monkey drawing ever closer each time...
:<br />Eventually, the protagonist becomes so terrified of sleep that the story reaches an abrupt conclusion.
:A friend of mine at the Slumbernana Association experienced a similar dream, but the monkeys in her nightmare were much gentler. They cheerfully distributed fruits to the passengers, their expressions bright and inviting. However, with each iteration of the dream, the number of fruits would increase. Take the apples, for example. That's to say, there is one apple per person in the first dream... then three apples per person in another... and so it goes.
:<br />You can easily picture the outcome, right? As more and more fruits piled up, someone would inevitably be unable to eat them all. However, the monkeys showed no concern, smiling as they insisted to each passenger, "Be sure to finish them, or something terrible will happen."
:<br />But how could anyone possibly finish such an ever-increasing number of fruits? In the end, my friend saw the consequences faced by a fellow traveler who failed to eat the fruits.
:You might think I'm about to recount gory details in a gruesome manner... But what happened was even eerier and more horrific.
:<br />They're just using every method they can to force their victim to eat all the fruits. Adding it all up in the end, the numbers reach up into the terrible thousands. Ultimately, no one can really say if it was the people that ate the fruits or the fruits that ate the people.
:<br />It has been three months since I last saw that friend.
