===The ███████ Report===
:Following the multiple scandals involving famous actress ███████, all major associated companies have terminated her endorsement contracts and canceled her dreamscape tours. However, several Dreamchaser organizations that received her sponsorship maintain that their charity performances in the wilderness area will proceed as scheduled.
:<br />Mr. Alfalfa, head of the Alfalfa Family, noted that ███████ had starred in numerous classics at their invitation. Her songs became household staples, and almost every Penacony home contains products she endorsed. Mr. Alfalfa expressed deep regret over her downfall. Reports indicate they've already found a replacement to inherit ███████'s stage name, with the second ███████ promising to present a better image while continuing the legendary story of ███████.
:<br />Mr. Alfalfa maintains that ███████ is an accomplished actress, singer, and artist whose past works shouldn't be diminished by current scandals. However, per contract terms, the Alfalfa Family retains the rights to reclaim all related copyrights, including musical products, film and television rights, and the registered ███████ trademark. If ███████ uses any of these commercially without the Alfalfa Family's approval, they will pursue legal action.
:<br />Additionally, at a recent press conference, a Grady Films spokesperson announced they will terminate their partnership with Ms. ███████ in 10 system days due to her recent negative impact. Their upcoming film ''Spheroid Station'', scheduled to begin shooting at year-end, will now star the second ███████ (selected by Alfalfa's agency) instead of the original ███████.
