===The Iris Film Gazette Interview===
:Grady's debt-funded "blockbuster" ''Plan 6 from Outer Space'' has now left all major theaters, with critical reception firmly settled. Reviews like "Penacony's Worst Film Ever" and "I refuse to be the only one traumatized by this" dominate discussions. We must finally remove our rose-colored glasses and accept reality &mdash; Grady is, without doubt, a terrible filmmaker.
:<br />Even before the film's release, Grady Films teetered on bankruptcy. As a longtime collaborator and primary investor in Grady Films, the Alfalfa Family has expressed strong intention to acquire the company.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' Many viewers believe you should stick to low-budget horror films. They argue that whenever you attempt artistic or big-budget productions, your limitations become painfully obvious, and you lose money, just like your previous films. What's your comment on this?
:<br />'''Grady:''' ''Plan 6 from Outer Space'' is my finest work to date. Its color design and scene arrangement draw from Alkhakis's philosophy to create dissonance between reality and dreamscape. I invite viewers to analyze the historical context behind monster dialogues and discover the hidden clues in their micro-expressions.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' Wait, that doesn't really answer the question, does it?
:<br />'''Grady:''' Oh, and I planted plenty of Easter eggs throughout the film as tributes to classic movies I love. Viewers familiar with these films should catch these references and hopefully share a knowing smile.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' How do you respond to critics who claim you "completely lack artistic talent"?
:<br />'''Grady:''' Me? I'm the founder of Grady Films and the best businessman in the entire film industry! If I quit filmmaking, I'd be swimming in money. I could make a new film every day if I wanted, and become wealthy through the quantity of works alone. Don't you get it? You and the audience simply don't understand my work! Nobody knows how to properly appreciate my films.
:<br />'''Reporter:''' What's your take on the Watchmaker's apparent satire of Grady Films in his latest animation, ''Film Disaster''?
:<br />'''Grady:''' (A long silence)... The Watchmaker! What right does he have to mock me in his work? Me, a pioneer who blazed the artistic trail before him!? He's... he's a complete fool! He doesn't understand that without my patent surrender... Clock Studios would never have existed! He's the one who stole MY success, yet has the audacity to ridicule his benefactor!
:<br />'''Reporter:''' You once highly praised the Watchmaker's work, calling him a once-in-a-lifetime genius. How do you see him now?
:<br />'''Grady:''' I really loved his films once. I... I recognize that's an artistic level I could never achieve in my lifetime. Why must such geniuses exist? No matter how hard I try, I can never catch up.
:<br />Maybe, if I hadn't surrendered the patent that day... if he had died... would it have... no, no, no, cut that last part...
:<br />'''Reporter:''' Mr. Grady seems rather agitated, so we'll end the interview here.
