===AtaviSearch Record for Forest No. 17 "Cultivation Forest"===
:From: Principal Monkey, Forest No. 17 "Cultivation Forest"
:
To: Guardian Monkey, AtaviSearch Forest
:<br />'''Experiment Records from Department 1'''
:
Direction: Cultivation of psychic subspecies
:
Progress: 100%
:
Status:
:
Successful.
:
Thirty subjects' ability to detect psychic waves vanished when their brain volume was reduced to approximately 340g. The experiment transplanted the tentacles of modern Dyvaron "Banaducation Specimen" onto simianized psychic subspecies, thus advancing their capacity to harness psychic waves by three evolutionary levels.
:
Future experiments will involve subjecting the specimens to extreme high-temperature environments and using growth-accelerating drugs and artificial reproduction for accelerated evolution. We anticipate the complete results will be deployed in Combat Apes armies and used to pluck "Banaducation Specimen" from volcanic planets in the future.
:<br />'''Experiment Records from Department 2'''
:
Direction: (Cooperating with the Picnic Forest) R&D on the recipe for the super-rapid evolution drugs
:
Progress: 99%
:
Status:
:
In Progress.
:
The drug worked as expected. Chimpanzees that consumed the drug grew into a form similar to Homo sapiens within three hours, gained the intelligence equivalent to that of a 14-year-old Homo sapiens, and can make primates of lesser intellect conduct rather complicated operations through Synesthesia Beacons and electric shock collars. 
:In experiments conducted on adult Homo sapiens, individuals Homo sapiens displayed varying evolutionary responses. Most individuals experienced significant increases in physical fitness, muscle density, and intelligence levels within a short period. A few individuals exhibited serious atavistic reactions on their bodies instead, with the cause remaining unknown. 
:The death probability from continuous dosing exceeding 50g stands at 100%, making it impossible to explore the potential for surpassing the known evolutionary limits from extant species. 
:Currently, we need around 100 "Banaducation Specimen" from long-life species for the final test. We have commissioned the Collection Forest to send a Combat Ape squad to pluck such materials.
:<br />'''Experiment Records from Department 3'''
:
Direction: Testing the upper limit of intelligence for the Pan-Placentalia clade
:
Progress: 100%
:
Status:
:
Failed.
:
The experiment aimed to atavistically regress healthy Homo sapiens "Banaducation Specimen" into creatures from the Pan-Placentalia clade through cognition anchors, while retaining their memory and intelligence levels. 
:Out of 50 experiments conducted, 32 cases resulted in immediate fatalities, 11 cases failed to retain their memory and intelligence, and 7 cases managed to preserve only a small amount of memory. 
:Without explicit instructions from Dr. Primitive, it is prohibited to pursue experimental directions beyond the primate suborder. A tower of a thousand bananas begins with a single banana bud!
:<br />...
:<br />'''Experiment Records from Department 33'''
:
Direction: (Third cultivation attempt) Super-Hominid Production Program
:
Progress: 15%
:
Status:
:
In Progress.
:
Experimental subject "AK-A-3" is in excellent condition, exhibiting &times;3,210 optic nerve reaction speed, &times;1,305 auditory nerve reaction speed, &times;908 visual acuity, &times;21,358 auditory acuity, &times;733 bone strength, and &times;3,596 muscle strength. 
:The current cultivation program entails daily consumption of 73 genetic drugs produced by the Picnic Forest, fifteen minutes of level-9 Imaginary energy electrical stimulation, and a level-IV stress ability test (not passed). 
:The intensity of subsequent experiments will increase every planetary day at the Experiment Forest's location. Research apes are urged to maintain the subject's psychological well-being. Stay cautious. A banana saved is a banana earned.
