===████████████===
:>>> Eternal Recurrence #12398: Subject Khaslana's 12,367th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #23779: Subject Khaslana's 23,748th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #46645: Subject Khaslana's 46,614th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #71243: Subject Khaslana's 71,212th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #80023: Subject Khaslana's 79,992nd attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #95575: Subject Khaslana's 95,544th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #108641: Subject Khaslana's 108,610th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. The extrapolation process regressed.
