===██████████===
:>>> Eternal Recurrence #2: Subject Khaslana adopted a strategy similar to the Eternal Recurrence #1. No substantive impact on the experimental progress was observed.
:
>>> Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated normally in sequence. Subject Khaslana regressed the extrapolation process.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #3: Minor adjustments detected in subject Khaslana's strategy. Decision weighting for "Avoid sacrifice of past companions" has been increased. After verification, this adjustment did not have a substantive impact on the experimental progress.
:
>>> Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated normally in sequence. Subject Khaslana regressed the extrapolation process.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #15: Subject Khaslana attempted to decompile the black tide for the first time, aiming to elevate access privileges and execute unauthorized access authorization operations against specific subjects represented by the twelve Chrysos Heirs.
:
>>> Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated normally in sequence. Subject Khaslana regressed the extrapolation process.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #42: Subject Khaslana's 11th attempt to breach the Scepter's core layer has failed. The decision weighting for "Avoid sacrifices of past companions" showed a minor decline.
:
>>> Lifecycles of the twelve Chrysos Heirs terminated in sequence. Subject Khaslana regressed the extrapolation process.
:<br />>>> Eternal Recurrence #133: Analysis of observations from Eternal Recurrence #83 to #133 indicates that subject Khaslana's strategy is gradually converging with that of Eternal Recurrence #42. Over-synchronicity risk detected. Potential cognitive function degradation suspected.
:
>>>''Admin Notes: This will undoubtedly reinforce the Irontomb's "Destruction" vector. Within expectations. No intervention required, continue observation.''
