{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Supreme Inorganic: Universe's Throne (I)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 10.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Supreme Inorganic: Universe's Throne (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk through the chaos of the fringe planet, a place in complete disarray. The resistance forces struggle amidst the ruins, resisting the armed forces of the IPC, seeking a glimmer of hope. Farnsha's old adversaries are also mixed in, leading their own troops in this struggle.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Initially, De Wayne from the Technology Division was considered no match for Farnsha and Korapao. But soon, he made a fortune, and no one knew how. Could he have *earned his riches from the war*?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You creep forward in a garbage pile with doubt in your mind. As De Wayne's mercenary, you have turned yourself into a perfect *cyborg*, and it is too early for you to be scrapped. You must at least find out the truth before your life comes to an end. Then, you look up and see him...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' De Wayne once reached the peak of Broadened Cognition. He saw a massive amount of rare earth metals and resources piling up into a mountain in his infinitely expanded cognition. On the peak of the mountain was a cast iron throne.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I can perceive everything here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I can't know.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As De Wayne reached for the cast iron throne, memories started flooding his mind and whispered a name: the only king of wealth in the world.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' De Wayne composed himself and carried on his journey of Broadened Cognition, though he long deserved a break. {{Color|Keyword|Enigmata}} slightly shifted his usual position, and an ancient wealth guardian appeared. To his surprise, she was a woman, with long hair that cascaded down to her toes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' De Wayne's attempts were unsuccessful, as he could only reach her toes with his fingertips every time. Although she had pushed his palm away with her toes seven times, he crawled back each time and tried approaching her again.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Their interaction kept going on and on for what seemed to be as long as the universe's existence.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Supreme Inorganic: Universe's Throne (I)
|zhs  = 极致无机：「宇宙王座」•其一
|zht  = 極致無機：「宇宙王座」•其一
|ja   = {{Rubi|無機|むき}}の{{Rubi|極致|きょくち}}：「{{Rubi|宇宙|うちゅう}}の{{Rubi|玉座|ぎょくざ}}」・その1
|ko   = 궁극의 무기: 「우주의 왕좌」•1
|es   = Inorgánico supremo: trono del universo&nbsp;I
|fr   = Suprématie inorganique&nbsp;: Trône de l'univers (I)
|ru   = Высший неорганик: Вселенский трон I
|th   = อินทรีย์ขั้นสุด: "บัลลังก์จักรวาล" (1)
|vi   = Vô Cơ Tối Cao: Ngai Vàng Vũ Trụ 1
|de   = Anorganische Höchststufe: Thron des Universums (I)
|id   = Non-organik Maksimal: "Takhta Kosmis" (1)
|pt   = Inorgânico Supremo: Trono do Universo (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
