{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Broadened Cognition: Liquid Gold (II)
|image         = Random Event 410.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Broadened Cognition: Liquid Gold (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A rumor is spreading: A mysterious lady has shown up at IPC's invitation. After taking off her white robe, she changes into a pink dress... She does things decisively but not callously.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' And now, once again, as always. She binds the prey to a chair, kisses its forehead, while sinking the blade into its abdomen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've met many pathetic yet detestable living beings," the woman says as she wipes the tip of the blade. "But you aren't one of them. You're just an ordinary machine that has aged."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Machines don't age." The mechanical overlord closes its eyes and says, "My name is {{Color|Keyword|Ludia Perthesius}}."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Do you know {{Color|Keyword|Rubert}} well?" The woman asks absent-mindedly.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "His Majesty is our emperor." Ludia Perthesius, a mechanical overlord who has been a loyal follower of Rubert all its life, declares proudly, "The algorithm of organic lives is full of errors and loopholes. One day, His Majesty will wipe out all organic lives."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The machine rumbles and falls into silence before it has the chance to ask her a question &mdash; who is the mastermind behind her?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 认知拓宽：「流动的金黄」•其二
|zht   = 認知拓寬：「流動的金黃」•其二
|ja    = 認識拡張：「流れる黄金」・その2
|ko    = 인지 확대: 「흐르는 황금」•2
|es    = Expansión perceptiva: oro líquido II
|fr    = Élévation de la conscience : Or liquide (II)
|ru    = Расширение сознания: Жидкое золото II
|th    = ขยายการรับรู้: "ทองคำไหลหลั่ง" (2)
|vi    = Mở Rộng Tri Thức: Vàng Lưu Thông 2
|de    = Kognitive Erweiterung: Flüssiges Gold (II)
|id    = Ekspansi Kognitif: "Emas Mengalir" (2)
|pt    = Expansão Cognitiva: Ouro Líquido (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
