{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Propagation: Nest Exploration (First Praetorian)
|image         = Random Event 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Swarm
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Propagation: Nest Exploration (First Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into a high-tech, streamlined suspended matrix &mdash; a trap you believe to be used only by the most cutting-edge hunter on the Planet Snowland.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You get to your feet and find yourself landing before the entrance of a lair. You draw the curtain open and recognize the Combatobugs. As ground combat units, they traded their flying abilities in exchange for heavy and rigid exoskeletons.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' These Combatobugs make a sucking sound... You hesitate to enter the lair and hunt for them, as you might find yourself coated in the insects' scent and incur more unwanted attention...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Enter and explore the Nameless relics. &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Join the "Combatobug" combat unit. &mdash; The entire team loses HP equal to 50% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 50% of their current HP)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 繁育•虫巢探险（一级卫戍）
|zht   = 繁育•蟲巢探險（一級衛戍）
|ja    = 繁殖・虫の巣探険（一級守備）
|ko    = 번식•곤충집 탐험(1급 경비)
|es    = Propagación: Exploración del nido (primer pretoriano)
|fr    = Exploration du nid de la Propagation (premier prétorien)
|ru    = Распространение: Экспедиция по гнезду (гарнизон ур. 1)
|th    = แพร่พันธุ์: สำรวจรังแมลง (กองกำลังระดับ 1)
|vi    = Sinh Sôi - Khám Phá Ổ Côn Trùng (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 1)
|de    = Die Ausbreitung: Nesterkundung (Garnisonsstufe 1)
|id    = Propagation: Eksplorasi Sarang Serangga (Garnisun Tingkat 1)
|pt    = Propagação: Exploração de Ninho (Primeiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
