<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Moment of Peace#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1000302
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Moment of Peace.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Moment of Peace]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Asta; Dan Heng; Eikura Shuu; Himeko; Lukacs; March 7th; Space Station Broadcast; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = Lingering Shadows
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Credit*2,000
}}
'''''A Moment of Peace''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow]].

==Steps==
# Search for other researchers that need help
# Continue to look around the master control zone and report to Asta
# Clear the obstacles and continue forward

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search for other researchers that need help{{subst:void|<!--100030110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Master Control Zone|update|The space station's external crisis seems to be under control but the researchers remain uneasy.<br />Many of them were alone when they came here. What do they care about the most now? The space station? Their colleagues? Or is it the research itself?<br />It's obvious that everyone's answer is different.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Eikura Shuu)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 101.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Why did those monsters have to breach the ionizing grid on my watch...
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 102.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' It can't be my fault, I'd never make a mistake like this... I'm going out there to check the data again!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're injured.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 103.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Injured? I don't care, see anyone else that cares? Who are you anyway, get out of my way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's dangerous outside.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 104.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Dangerous? Of course it's dangerous, I just came back from the front line, I know that better than you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be a hero.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 105.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Hero? Don't overthink it. I'm not doing this for others, I'm doing it for myself.
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 106.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' The space station shield's first line of defense is the anti-gravity ionizing grid. I'm the researcher in charge of it. Do you expect me to just sit here after something like this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not your fault.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 107.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' I agree. But when the investigation's over, the blame will fall entirely on my shoulders.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's over now.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 108.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' That may be the case, but it's better than just hiding here doing nothing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please, just stay here.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 109.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Hmph... it's easy for you to say! This didn't happen on your watch, you wouldn't understand!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 110.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Besides, that bunch of troublemakers is still out there... I know you mean well, but I've made up my mind.
----

;(Talk to Lukacs)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 101.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' We researchers have all taken refuge here, but has anyone given any thought to the non-human life on this space station?
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 102.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' They may be part of the rare item collection, but are they not also living things? Don't their rights deserve to be protected!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Non-human life?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 103.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Yes. Non. Human. Life. Living creatures that aren't human...
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 104.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' ...Some of which have been collected as rare items and housed in the space station. Most of the researchers disregard their basic rights.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 105.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Even now, with death staring them in the face, they still refuse to open their minds.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 106.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, must awaken those pretending to sleep!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rare item collection?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 107.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' At the space station, we've always collected rare items &mdash; countless articles from across the galaxy. But not everyone knows that among these articles are also living things.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 108.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, must emphasize in this time of crisis that their lives and rights should also be respected!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Protecting their rights?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 109.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Exactly! And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, shall continue fighting and speaking up for the rights of all non-human life in these terrible times!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 110.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' If you are interested in joining the cause, please stand by my side and repeat after me!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 111.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Protect rare item rights! Save non-human life!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 112.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' All together! Protect rare item rights...!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Protect rare item rights!
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 113.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' You did well, friend! Follow my rhythm, and say it loud, with conviction!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Save non-human life!
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 114.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Perfect, my friend. Now let us work together and invite more supporters to join us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think I should leave.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 115.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Hmph! Just another egocentric anthropocentrist!
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 116.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Open your benighted eyes and look at the delicate life around you!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 117.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Protect rare item rights! Save non-human life!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue to look around the master control zone and report to Asta{{subst:void|<!--100030202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Master Control Zone|update|The space station's external crisis seems to be under control. If there are places you haven't been to yet, now's the chance to go and take a look.<br />Once everything has been taken care of, go and report to Asta.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 radio 101.ogg}} '''Space Station Broadcast:''' All injured researchers, please stay where you are. Medical staff will be arriving immediately... Here's an emergency notice.
:<!--3-second delay-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 radio 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 3 radio 102 f.ogg}} '''Space Station Broadcast:''' Would {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} (Trailblazer), Ms. March 7th, and Mr. Dan Heng please proceed immediately to the master control station. Lead Researcher Asta is waiting for you.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Asta)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 500012201
}</pre>
:'''Asta:''' Did you encounter some problems?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>

;(Talk to Asta)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 500012201
}</pre>
:'''Asta:''' Did you encounter some problems?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Clear the obstacles and continue forward{{subst:void|<!--100040102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Supply Zone|update|New crisis &mdash; the Doomsday Beast is coming, and it seems that you've become some sort of "key element."<br />If you want to get out of this predicament and save the space station from destruction, the only way may be to head to the railway platform and meet up with the Express and the man named Welt.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 asta 102.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'll be here, you've got to fend them off...
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' You... hurry...
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 101.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' ...We lost communications.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 101.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Are you thinking of going back? Let me remind you, that's the Doomsday Beast, the Legion's planet destroyer.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 102.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The space station is Herta's creation. As long as a {{Rubi|Lord Ravager|Emanator of Destruction}} doesn't intervene, there should be no problems.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 mar7th 101.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' B&mdash;But we can't just run away like this, right...
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 102.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The Doomsday Beast can rip off the defense shield like tearing paper &mdash; and Herta's not here. The station's defenses are too weak to stand against the Antimatter Legion.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 103.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Either way, the Legion has the blessing of the Aeon, {{Rubi|Nanook|The Destruction}}. They came prepared and everyone here is not.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 103 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 103 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' That's why we have to leave and take (Trailblazer) with us.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 104 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' (Trailblazer)?
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 105 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 105 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' {{MC|m=He's|f=She's}}... that important?
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 104 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' {{MC|m=He's|f=She's}} the one who can help us turn the tides... Of course, I may be wrong.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 danheng 107.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The Astral Express tracks our coordinates in real time... And with such a huge change in the space station's movements, there's no way Mr. Yang wouldn't have noticed.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 106.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Hmm, I can almost guarantee that your Mr. Yang is already on his way.
:{{A|VO chapter0 4 himeko 107.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Right now, we might be able to handle things if it's just the Doomsday Beast. But, if the Destruction's Emanator were to appear...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I... can't handle...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Destruction's Emanator?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I still feel that things won't be going as planned.
:I... can't handle...
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 10
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300015
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Moment of Peace
|zhs  = 宇宙安宁片刻
|zht  = 宇宙安寧片刻
|ja   = 宇宙の安らぎのひと時
|ko   = 찰나의 우주 평화
|es   = Momento de sosiego
|fr   = Un moment de paix
|ru   = Момент вселенского спокойствия
|th   = ช่วงเวลาอันเงียบสงบของจักรวาล
|vi   = Khoảnh Khắc Yên Bình Của Vũ Trụ
|de   = Moment des Friedens
|id   = Momen Kedamaian Galaksi
|pt   = Um Momento de Paz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
