<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Moment of Peace#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1000303
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Moment of Peace.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Moment of Peace]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Arlan; Asta; Eikura Shuu; Lukacs; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = Lingering Shadows
|rewards       = Arrows*1 { text = Arrows }; Amber*1 { text = Amber }; Chorus*1 { text = Chorus }; Sparse Aether*4
}}
'''''A Moment of Peace''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow]].

==Steps==
# Ask if Arlan needs help

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Ask if Arlan needs help{{subst:void|<!--100030206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Master Control Zone|The space station's external crisis seems to be under control but the researchers remain uneasy.<br />Not sure how Arlan is doing. Let's go check on him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'll leave the reassurance of the researchers in your hands.
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you have any other questions, you are welcome to come to Himeko and me.

;(Talk to Arlan)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 102.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' ...If only I'd caught the Antimatter Legion sooner...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How're you feeling?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 103.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' I'm fine, this pain is nothing, really. I'm used to it. In fact, I should be proud of it. It's a reminder of being able to protect everyone.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 104.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' Ahem, but don't tell Lead Researcher Asta what I just said.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How's the space station?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 105.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' There were a few researchers who didn't make it...
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 106.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' The rest are fine, mostly minor injuries. But I'm worried about their mental states.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 107.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' Most of them came to the space station because they admired Madam Herta. But now they can't reach her or even their own families. I just hope they can all survive this crisis.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's Asta like?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 108.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' My first impression was that she was the daughter of a rich family &mdash; owners of a big company.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 109.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' She was kind to me though. When she went to the space station, I followed her.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 110.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' I don't know much about science, but I'm glad to be able to protect people in pursuit of their research.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Alright, I'll leave you to get some rest.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 arlan 116.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' I hope all this chaos will end soon.

;(Talk to Eikura Shuu)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 101.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Why did those monsters have to breach the ionizing grid on my watch...
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 102.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' It can't be my fault, I'd never make a mistake like this... I'm going out there to check the data again!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're injured.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 103.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Injured? I don't care, see anyone else that cares? Who are you anyway, get out of my way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's dangerous outside.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 104.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Dangerous? Of course it's dangerous, I just came back from the front line, I know that better than you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be a hero.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 105.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Hero? Don't overthink it. I'm not doing this for others, I'm doing it for myself.
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 106.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' The space station shield's first line of defense is the anti-gravity ionizing grid. I'm the researcher in charge of it. Do you expect me to just sit here after something like this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not your fault.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 107.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' I agree. But when the investigation's over, the blame will fall entirely on my shoulders.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's over now.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 108.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' That may be the case, but it's better than just hiding here doing nothing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please, just stay here.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 109.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Hmph... it's easy for you to say! This didn't happen on your watch, you wouldn't understand!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffC 110.ogg}} '''Eikura Shuu:''' Besides, that bunch of troublemakers is still out there... I know you mean well, but I've made up my mind.
----

;(Talk to Lukacs)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 101.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' We researchers have all taken refuge here, but has anyone given any thought to the non-human life on this space station?
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 102.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' They may be part of the rare item collection, but are they not also living things? Don't their rights deserve to be protected!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Non-human life?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 103.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Yes. Non. Human. Life. Living creatures that aren't human...
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 104.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' ...Some of which have been collected as rare items and housed in the space station. Most of the researchers disregard their basic rights.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 105.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Even now, with death staring them in the face, they still refuse to open their minds.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 106.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, must awaken those pretending to sleep!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rare item collection?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 107.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' At the space station, we've always collected rare items &mdash; countless articles from across the galaxy. But not everyone knows that among these articles are also living things.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 108.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, must emphasize in this time of crisis that their lives and rights should also be respected!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Protecting their rights?
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 109.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Exactly! And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, shall continue fighting and speaking up for the rights of all non-human life in these terrible times!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 110.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' If you are interested in joining the cause, please stand by my side and repeat after me!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 111.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Protect rare item rights! Save non-human life!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 112.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' All together! Protect rare item rights...!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Protect rare item rights!
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 113.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' You did well, friend! Follow my rhythm, and say it loud, with conviction!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Save non-human life!
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 114.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Perfect, my friend. Now let us work together and invite more supporters to join us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think I should leave.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 115.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Hmph! Just another egocentric anthropocentrist!
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 116.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Open your benighted eyes and look at the delicate life around you!
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 staffD 117.ogg}} '''Lukacs:''' Protect rare item rights! Save non-human life!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Moment of Peace
|zhs  = 宇宙安宁片刻
|zht  = 宇宙安寧片刻
|ja   = 宇宙の安らぎのひと時
|ko   = 찰나의 우주 평화
|es   = Momento de sosiego
|fr   = Un moment de paix
|ru   = Момент вселенского спокойствия
|th   = ช่วงเวลาอันเงียบสงบของจักรวาล
|vi   = Khoảnh Khắc Yên Bình Của Vũ Trụ
|de   = Moment des Friedens
|id   = Momen Kedamaian Galaksi
|pt   = Um Momento de Paz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
