<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Moment of Peace#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1000301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Moment of Peace.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Moment of Peace]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Asta; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = Lingering Shadows
|rewards       = Star Rail Pass*1
}}
'''''A Moment of Peace''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow]].

==Steps==
# Find out more about the situation from Asta

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find out more about the situation from Asta{{subst:void|<!--100030103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Master Control Zone|Himeko, who helped you before, has finally made her appearance. Her relaxed and confident posture almost makes you forget about the fact that they're also outsiders who were dragged into this crisis.<br />At this point, only Asta, the acting lead researcher of the space station, knows whether the crisis has been adverted...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowPlayGOSubPackageDialog"
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 112 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hello, you must be... (Trailblazer), right? How can I help you?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about the space station.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' This is Herta Space Station. As you might tell from its name, it belongs to the distinguished Madam Herta herself.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Herta Space Station was originally built as a warehouse for rare items and relics, but Madam Herta also allowed her followers to oversee tasks and conduct research. It then gradually turned into a scientific research base.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The storage zone you passed through contains all our inventory, and is the main research center.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The master control zone where we are now is the control center of the whole space station.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It is said that the space station also contains Madam Herta's private chamber where her most precious, rare, and dangerous collections are sealed... And for someone like her, it's not out of the realm of possibility.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Even from me, the lead researcher, there are many things she keeps secret.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about you.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'm lead researcher of Herta Space Station. But honestly... I'm more like Madam Herta's "housekeeper" of this place.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta is a genius, but managing disparate staff, tactfully representing the space station before the Intelligentsia Guild... these are all things beyond her abilities. But as it turns out they are my forte.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 121.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hehe, scholars are a lot easier to deal with than those vociferous old geezers back at home.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' No matter how much they drone on about "Astronomy is just about looking at things, it doesn't bring any real value," they all fall silent in front of Madam Herta.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 123.ogg}} '''Asta:''' No matter the problem, you just needed to say that it was Madam Herta's wishes and all would be fine. After all, Herta herself is a symbol of wisdom.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 124.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hey, thanks to her, I can count the stars to sleep. Otherwise, I would've had to take over the family fortune. Just thinking about it terrifies me.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about Arlan.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 125.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Arlan went to dress his wounds at the rest area. He knows himself well... but if he insists on pushing his limits, I'll give him a good earful.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 126.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'm very upset he didn't obey my orders and insisted on searching the storage zone even though everyone had already evacuated.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 127.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I know he didn't want to leave any researchers behind... The Security Department is more than just a job to him.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 128.ogg}} '''Asta:''' But Arlan doesn't care about getting hurt, he only cares about protecting others. It's the only way he feels... fulfilled.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 129.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And it's not that I don't understand where he's coming from. I just want him to look out for himself, too!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about Herta.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 130.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Herta... she's a member of the Genius Society. One of the proud favorites of the Aeon of Erudition. Ever since the birth of {{Rubi|Nous|Aeon of Erudition}}, there have only been 84 people admitted into the Genius Society.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 131.ogg}} '''Asta:''' That is why Madam Herta is extremely... headstrong... She only pursues what interests her and as soon as that interest is lost, she abandons it and moves on. The space station was one such abandoned interest...
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 132.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Anyway, I lent out one of her manuscripts as a resource reference not long ago. It should still be in the master control zone. You can take a look if you wish.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 133.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Huh, chatting with you seems to have lightened my mood. It seems like talking can really raise one's spirits.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Moment of Peace
|zhs  = 宇宙安宁片刻
|zht  = 宇宙安寧片刻
|ja   = 宇宙の安らぎのひと時
|ko   = 찰나의 우주 평화
|es   = Momento de sosiego
|fr   = Un moment de paix
|ru   = Момент вселенского спокойствия
|th   = ช่วงเวลาอันเงียบสงบของจักรวาล
|vi   = Khoảnh Khắc Yên Bình Của Vũ Trụ
|de   = Moment des Friedens
|id   = Momen Kedamaian Galaksi
|pt   = Um Momento de Paz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
