<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Simulated Universe: First Closed Beta#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4030001
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Simulated Universe First Closed Beta.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lingering Shadows]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = Lingering Shadows
|next          = The Voyage Continues
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*500; Stellar Jade*50; Herta*1; Adventure Log*2; Condensed Aether*2; Data Bank*1 { text = Data Bank }; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''Simulated Universe: First Closed Beta''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow]].

==Steps==
# Enter the Simulated Universe
# Explore the Simulated Universe
# Defeat the boss
# Talk to Herta
# Explore the Simulated Universe

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 144.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Yes, just stand there and the computer will read your brainwaves, then automatically generate an immersive simulated experience...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Enter the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--403000102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Herta's Office|update|Herta asks you to enter the Simulated Universe created by the Genius Society while pretending to be the Aeon of Trailblaze, and try to glean the secret of Aeons and Paths from the simulated Aeons.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Explore the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--403000104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Herta:''' See? You can move around now. I want you to play Akivili and find some monsters to fight. Let's see which simulated Aeon will notice you first.
:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''Herta:''' Use Preservation Blessings to increase your survivability, look for opportunities to improve your combat strength, and have an audience with the Amber Lord again!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat the boss{{subst:void|<!--403000113-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Herta{{subst:void|<!--403000116-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 133 m.ogg}} {{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 133 f.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Success! I have to tell this news to Stephen right away &mdash; (Trailblazer), don't just stand there. Go in and see if you can get a few more words out of them or something...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should show me some respect.
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 134 m.ogg}} {{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 134 f.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, you're right. I got too excited... Sorry, (Trailblazer). I do respect you! If you don't mind, could you please go in for another test?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have no right to order me around.
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 135 m.ogg}} {{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 135 f.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, you're right. I got too excited... Sorry, (Trailblazer). You did very well! If you don't mind, could you please go in for another test?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, I'll go now then.
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 136.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I've upgraded the Simulated Universe &mdash; it now has more memory and can support longer sessions. The last round must've been pretty boring &mdash; I'll get Stephen to add a few more interesting things.
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 137.ogg}} '''Herta:''' This part was made specifically with you in mind. Ready to have some fun?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yay! I love fun games!
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 138.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Stephen said the same thing. I don't really get "fun," but whatever. What's more important is that the rewards will also increase!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not as good as adding more rewards...
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 139.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, but we will &mdash; after all, you're gonna be spending more time on this project.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't trust the definition of "interesting" around here...
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 140.ogg}} '''Herta:''' What can I say? I don't trust it either. For some reason, whenever someone tells me they're gonna do something interesting, I end up imagining a pile of trash...
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 141.ogg}} '''Herta:''' ...so I'd rather talk with you about the added rewards part.
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 142.ogg}} '''Herta:''' In a nutshell, this is a long-scheduled version update with longer gameplay, more content, better rewards, and a more bizarre difficulty curve &mdash; so get ready and prepare to get back into the Simulated Universe!
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 143.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I'll help you out some more. Don't worry.

;(Talk to Herta)
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 132.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Explore the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--403000103-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' (Trailblazer), can you see this message? If you do, just ({{tt|tap|on mobile}}/{{tt|press|on controller}}/{{tt|click|on keyboard}}) anywhere on the screen &mdash;
:'''Herta:''' Very well. Don't worry. I've temporarily revoked your activity permissions. Let me explain.
:'''Herta:''' Your body is still sitting in the office. This is a Simulated Universe generated from your memories. Now, try to walk around.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerRogueDialogue",
	"DialoguePath": "Config/Level/Mission/4030001/Act/Act403000105.json"
}</pre>
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 403101004-->
:'''Herta:''' Sorry, I temporarily revoked your activity permissions &mdash; Uh, I need to apologize to you about something.
:'''Herta:''' I confess, I'm a little too eager for success... I won't interfere with the system again. Just play as you like.
:'''Herta:''' Qlipoth's appearance was probably just a coincidence... That's it. Anyway, I'm sorry.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 403101007-->
:<!--2-second delay-->
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 403101009-->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Simulated Universe: First Closed Beta
|zhs  = 模拟宇宙•始发测试
|zht  = 模擬宇宙•始發測試
|ja   = 模擬宇宙・始発テスト
|ko   = 시뮬레이션 우주•1차 클로즈 베타
|es   = Universo Simulado: primera beta cerrada
|fr   = Univers simulé&nbsp;: Première bêta fermée
|ru   = Виртуальная вселенная: Первичный тест
|th   = Simulated Universe: การทดสอบขั้นต้น
|vi   = Vũ Trụ Mô Phỏng - Thử Nghiệm Đầu Tiên
|de   = Universum-Simulation: Erste geschlossene Beta
|id   = Simulated Universe: Tes Awal
|pt   = Universo Simulado: Primeiro Beta Fechado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
