<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Voyage Continues#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1000501
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Voyage Continues.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[The Voyage Continues]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dan Heng; March 7th; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = Drifting Between the Stars
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Travel Encounters*4; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''The Voyage Continues''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Today Is Yesterday's Tomorrow]].

==Steps==
# Find someone to talk to and tell Himeko your decision

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find someone to talk to and tell Himeko your decision{{subst:void|<!--100050101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Supply Zone|These words resurface in your mind once more. "When you have a chance to make a choice, make one that you know you won't regret."<br />You haven't made up your mind yet, or could it be that you have. However, you're just not sure if anyone else shares your point of view...<br />It's alright. You can hide it deep in your heart and listen to what others think...<br />Is it possible that you all think the same?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to March 7th)
:{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 101 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! I heard the news. You're coming with us on the Express, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I haven't decided yet!
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 102.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Oh come on, you know that's what you want deep down inside. I can see it on your face.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you want me to come along?
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 103.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Do I even need to say it? I think we're becoming fast friends... isn't that enough?
:{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 104.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' But you look like you've got something on your mind... come on, out with it!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Oh how time flies.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 105.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Getting nostalgic already?
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 106.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Y'know, when you were passed out, all I thought was I had to look after you. And then you picked up the bat! Just incredible!
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 107.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' In the blink of an eye, you knocked that big fella into Mr. Yang's black hole and saved me... I still haven't thanked you properly yet...
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 108.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Nah, we're not splitting up here...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you join the Express?
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 109.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' I'd like to know too, because I was already on the Express when I woke up.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 110.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' I was just drifting out there in space and got picked up by the Express. Amazing, right?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Does that kind of thing happen often?
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 111.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Crazy stuff like that? Not too often. It sure freaked me out.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 112.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' But every encounter I've had since coming aboard the Express has been strange to say the least.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 113.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' For example, going to the desert to catch something called a "sandfish," correcting a gravitational field to flip an upside-down castle, or almost getting my head cracked open by a galena ball falling from the sky while trying to avoid a sleeping reindeer on the road&mdash;
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 114.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Huh... looking back now, it all seems quite dangerous... But I had the crew there with me, so the problems didn't seem all that bad.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm thinking about if I should get on the Express...
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 115.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Of course you should! Why wouldn't you?
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 116.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' There's only four of us now, plus Pom-Pom. Each of us can have our own carriage to sleep in! You wouldn't have the heart to leave your carriage unmanned, would you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That sounds more like a problem for you guys.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 117 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 117 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Join us, (Trailblazer). Then it wouldn't be a problem anymore.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what the carriage is like.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 118.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Then come aboard and take a look for yourself.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 119 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 mar7th 119 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' I'll be waiting for you, (Trailblazer).

;(Talk to Dan Heng)
:{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 101 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Oh, it's you, (Trailblazer)... Do you have something on your mind?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You're really good at taking care of others.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 102.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Oh? What did I do?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're always the first one to charge into battle.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 103.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Is that so? Well, I am the train's guard. I suppose it's just instinct.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 105 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 105 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I think you're not bad yourself, (Trailblazer).
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your judgments are always accurate.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 104.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' It's about being observant at all times and carefully making the best choice for the situation. You can do it too.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 105 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 105 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I think you're not bad yourself, (Trailblazer).
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I didn't think you approved of me.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 106.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' If you're referring to what I think about you joining the Astral Express... You're overthinking it.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 107.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' My position is simple: It doesn't matter to me. I suggest you ignore my opinions and make your own choice.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You don't seem like someone who likes to travel.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 108.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Being on the Express isn't exactly the same as "traveling" or "adventuring..." The Astral Express symbolizes "trailblazing" you understand?
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 109.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Trailblazing implies the unknown, be it unknown risks or unknown rewards.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 110.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' In my opinion, the unknown is no more terrifying than the known... In fact, the unknown signifies something we can control and change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a little hesitant.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 111.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Don't use hesitation as an excuse. If you hesitate for too long, your original way of thinking will eventually cease to exist.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 danheng 112.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Mm, okay then.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::Dan Heng gives a slight nod and shifts his gaze elsewhere.

;(Talk to Himeko)

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Voyage Continues
|zhs  = 旅途正在继续
|zht  = 旅途正在繼續
|ja   = 旅は続く
|ko   = 계속되는 여정
|es   = La travesía continúa
|fr   = Le voyage continue
|ru   = Путешествие продолжается
|th   = การเดินทางกำลังดำเนินต่อไป
|vi   = Hành Trình Đang Tiếp Diễn
|de   = Die Reise geht weiter
|id   = Perjalanan Sedang Berlanjut
|pt   = A Viagem Continua
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
