{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Judged as Inorganic: The Suffering *Father* (I)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 11.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Nous
}}
'''Judged as Inorganic: The Suffering *Father* (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself in a cacophonous ballroom. As a highly mechanized {{Color|Keyword|mercenary}}, you feel like the odd one out among a bunch of normal humans. They are babbling on and arguing animatedly about the latest happenings on the borders &mdash; the trade war will soon draw to a close under the IPC's control.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are not concerned by the topic, instead waiting for the banquet to end soon. Next to you, a scholar is trembling, weeping, and shaking his head. He keeps mumbling about the incident not being one of the moments calculated by [[Nous]].
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As a wisp of smoke from the incense burner disperses, glasses of champagne freeze in midair. Everyone falls silent, and the only thing left in the ballroom is the recent icy judgment.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I obey the moment.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I don't obey.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The created become the creators, and the creators become the created." Sensing the changes, the flock of birds outside the window takes off in all directions. The scent of Enigmata lingers around the leaves, and the wind carries a voice from afar, wiping away the ineffective uses of language: the Anti-Organic War has erupted.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Judged as Inorganic: The Suffering *Father* (I)
|zhs  = 判定无机：「受难的*父*」•其一
|zht  = 判定無機：「受難的*父*」•其一
|ja   = {{Rubi|無機判定|むきはんてい}}：「{{Rubi|受難|じゅなん}}する『{{Rubi|慈父|じふ}}』」・その1
|ko   = 무기 판단: 「수난을 당한 *아버지*」•1
|es   = Declarado inorgánico: padre sufridor I
|fr   = Jugé inorganique&nbsp;: Le *père* qui souffre (I)
|ru   = Установленный неорганик: Страдания *отца* I
|th   = ตัดสินอินทรีย์: "*บิดา* ผู้ทุกข์ทน" (I)
|vi   = Phán Định Vô Cơ: *Người Cha* Đau Khổ 1
|de   = Anorganische Einstufung: Leiden des *Vaters* (I)
|id   = Dinilai Non-organik: "Derita *Ayah*" (1)
|pt   = Julgado como Inorgânico: O *Pai* Sofredor (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
