{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 136-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Ruan Mei;Nous
}}
'''Unknown Event 136-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "The Second War is still ongoing." [[Ruan Mei]] gathers the data spirals in her hands and makes a swipe in the air with her icy fingertips. "The Anti-Organic War went on for dozens of Amber Eras. No one knows how it ended."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "(Trailblazer), move forward." Ruan Mei signals to you and says: "Don't ask questions. They will give you the answer up ahead."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You hold your breath and concentrate as you keep going. The melancholy in your mind is personified, and you see a woman with closed eyes. You can tell she is *ancient*, as she probably has been dead even longer than the time non-organic lives have existed. She lies on her side upon a cast iron throne with all sorts of things scattered around her: untold riches, characters that represent power, an hourglass that manages time... and an emaciated, ferocious hound. The hound rests on the ground, waiting for its owner who seems to be in an eternal slumber.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You know that many things took place after the slumber, and it all started with the cast iron throne. Without gaining any new insights and having your questions answered, you have no choice but to keep going, wondering when to stop.
:'''Nous:''' Shh... Here they are. [[Nous]]'s figure takes form as data currents converge. You take a deep breath to ready yourself for their gaze. Why is the world coming to an end? Why are wars happening everywhere in the universe? Your mind is full of doubts. Why does death happen to all life? Will I die too? ...Can anyone escape this fate?
:'''Nous:''' &mdash; You look at him as your mind overflows with questions.
:'''Nous:''' Then, everything happens in a flash &mdash; they turn their gaze toward you. Your perception is widened again, and you can ask them questions. They can calculate and give you answers, but it is uncertain what kind of language they will use.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ask them questions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do not ask them questions.
:'''Nous:''' "Akivili."
:'''Nous:''' They utter a word no more, and that is all there is to answer. You might have asked them something, or you might not. Everything has already happened.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' After the *cast iron throne* changed hands, the Equilibrium tilted slightly. *Gold*, *bricks*, *blood*, *energy*, *science*, *enlightenment*, and *ignorance* flowed in trickling streams from the Equilibrium. As a result, some lost their existences, and some embraced the Nihility.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You look up and hear the chimes. The sky is overcast and shrouded in a blood-like layer. Flocks of birds flee among the withered flowers and trees, and fruits are left rotten on the ground. The third moment calculated by Nous has come.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, that familiar face is in sight. Hold on. Where have you seen her before? The 4th member of the Genius Society... The name of Lord of Silence comes to mind, and you see Polka Kakamond raising a question to Nous &mdash; her pastel-colored skirt sweeps across the entire universe.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' When the 17th chime stops, #27 Rubert is killed by #4 Polka Kakamond. It is an encounter between two geniuses. She has ended its journey as well as the universe-wide war it brings about.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
