<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Returning Heliobus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 21101
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence The Returning Heliobus.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''The Returning Heliobus''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = No crying if you lose.
|result_1 = Enter battle with Cirrus and obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 2-star rarity after winning.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Dark-green flames engulf the Express. An extremely familiar, evil sneer booms out from the carriage, and the shimmering cold air makes the hairs stick up on the back of your neck.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Long time no see, little bug. Didn't think I'd actually escape, did you?" You look up to see Cirrus staring at you wide-eyed, angry and arrogant flames burning violently in those eyes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Who knows where this data came from. You always feel as though the simulated version is worse than the original.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Remember what I said? Today, you will pay double for the insults imparted on me by the Nameless and the Xianzhou!" shrieked the great heliobus hysterically.
:{{DIcon|Star}} No crying if you lose. &mdash; Enter battle with Cirrus and obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 2-star rarity after winning.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Returning Heliobus
|zhs  = 归来的岁阳
|zht  = 歸來的歲陽
|ja   = {{Rubi|帰|かえ}}ってきた{{Rubi|歳陽|さいよう}}
|ko   = 돌아온 세양
|es   = El heliobus de regreso
|fr   = Le retour de l'Héliobe
|ru   = Вернувшаяся хелиоби
|th   = Heliobi ที่หวนคืน
|vi   = Tuế Dương Trở Về
|de   = Rückkehr des Heliobus
|id   = Heliobus yang Kembali
|pt   = O Heliobus em Regresso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}