<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Blue Ocean Strategy#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24201
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Contest.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 120
}}
'''Blue Ocean Strategy''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in undefined and [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Just a cursory amount for show
|result_1 = Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments and purchase 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, with a 50% chance to additionally obtain 1 Blessing(s)

|choice_2 = Buy more to gift friends and family
|result_2 = Spend 100 Cosmic Fragments and purchase 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, with a 50% chance to additionally obtain 1 Curio(s)

|choice_3 = Buy everything in this vending machine!
|result_3 = Spend 300 Cosmic Fragments and purchase 2 random Equation(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, with a 50% chance to additionally obtain 1 Equation(s)

|choice_4 = You decide to do as the locals do
|result_4 = Rob the goods, then after winning in battle, obtain 1 random Curio(s), 1 random Blessing(s), and 100 Cosmic Fragments

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are stopped by an IPC vending machine in the ruins of the Kingdom of Banditry. It does not have eyes, but you are certain that this vending machine is looking at you with a lonely, miserable, and piteous gaze right at this very moment.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the only salesperson in the Talia region, it ranks at the very bottom of the sales department's charts because of its negative sales volume all year. There is only one reason for this: The customers here never pay when they buy anything.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Please buy something. If I don't up my performance, I'll be fired from the IPC. I have a smart refrigerator and a robot vacuum to feed at home." It sounds so upset that you almost suspect there's a real person hiding in the vending machine.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Just a cursory amount for show &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments and purchase 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, with a 50% chance to additionally obtain 1 Blessing(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Thank you. You have a good heart." This is how you find out for the first time that a vending machine has the ability to touch its head to the ground.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Buy more to gift friends and family &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragments and purchase 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, with a 50% chance to additionally obtain 1 Curio(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Don't worry. The quality of authentic IPC products is assured." You open the packaging and fall silent as you see that it has a shelf life of ten Amber Eras.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Buy everything in this vending machine! &mdash; Spend 300 Cosmic Fragments and purchase 2 random Equation(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, with a 50% chance to additionally obtain 1 Equation(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oh, you're like a second parent to me!" You decline the vending machine's praise, not wanting to add a strange vending machine to your family tree.
:{{DIcon|Star}} You decide to do as the locals do &mdash; Rob the goods, then after winning in battle, obtain 1 random Curio(s), 1 random Blessing(s), and 100 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "You! You bullies!" Tears leak from the vending machine's battery box as it flails its mechanical limbs and lunges at you with a wail.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Blue Ocean Strategy
|zhs  = 销售蓝海
|zht  = 銷售藍海
|ja   = ブルーオーシャン{{Rubi|戦略|せんりゃく}}
|ko   = 세일즈 블루오션
|es   = La estrategia del océano azul
|fr   = Stratégie océan bleu
|ru   = Стратегия Голубого океана
|th   = กลยุทธ์ทะเลสีคราม
|vi   = Bán Đại Dương Xanh
|de   = Verkauf des blauen Ozeans
|id   = Strategi Samudera Biru
|pt   = Estratégia do Oceano Azul
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}