<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/(Trailblazer)'s Groupie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 196
|image        = NPC (Trailblazer)'s Groupie Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Bronya]]; [[Dan Heng]]; [[Himeko]]; [[March 7th]]; [[Pom-Pom]]; [[Qingque]]; [[Sparkle]]; [[Trailblazer]]
|faction      = Astral Express
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Pom-Pom invited (Trailblazer) to the group===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Pom-Pom invited (Trailblazer) to the group
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What group chat is this?
:'''Pom-Pom:''' (Trailblazer) is here!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' We all received a game resource package, and it has your name as the "Honorary Producer."
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Come and hear what we have to say about your work, producer
:'''Bronya:''' This game reminds me of the Aetherium Wars game that was popular in Belobog a while ago... Was it not also developed by the same company?
:'''Qingque:''' Looking at the master diviner working so hard really gives me a sense of fulfillment! Thank you for making my dream come true
:'''Sparkle:''' Gray Hair, I didn't know you were capable of doing something like this. As I expected of you~
:'''Dan Heng:''' It's much more complete than the original version and is 30% more fun.
:'''March 7th:''' Hehe, that's the power of our friendship!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' I heard this game is already on its way to being shared with more people. Its promotional impact on the Express is immeasurable
:{Choice} That was quick...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Danksi didn't say we'll release it that soon. I didn't even have time to write a press release
:{Choice} I'm just that awesome.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' All of you are right. Praise me more. I like it
:'''Himeko:''' Heh, the trailblazing expedition is always accompanied by joy and serendipity. Looks like you've experienced it firsthand
:'''Himeko:''' Thanks to you, the Express has revived its festive traditions, and I've finally regained a bit of that old feeling
:'''Himeko:''' Keep this momentum up and the trailblazing going, (Trailblazer). One day, you'll leave your own legacy on this Nameless milestone
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}