<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 180
|image        = NPC Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Evoccultic Disciple]]; [[Light-Hunter]]
|faction      = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===As for the matter...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' As for the matter of the Golden Scapegoat, let's discuss it here!
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' The group owner is the scholar senior I have great respect for, she
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The group owner has muted all members
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Enough with the flattery
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Let's wait until we've accumulated some new discoveries before discussing further. Based on the pace before, it'll probably be promising once you've collected 4 more goat heads
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Oh, right
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Posting here some headcanons Avilius came up with. It's actually quite entertaining
:'''Light-Hunter:''' "In the distant Era Creatura, at the dawn of creation, the world was brand-new. Back then, many things had no names, and people relied solely on pointing: Sheep were not necessarily sheep, and humans were not necessarily human. At that time, there may not have even been fire &mdash; people ate raw flesh, and in their brutality, might even have resorted to cannibalism. Later, a hero or a heroine stole the Coreflame from the Titans, who had no such intention to give fire &mdash; thus, those who feared fire became sheep, and those who did not become human. But this hero remembered that, in the past, there was no difference between humans and sheep. So they wore a sheep mask ever after, as a punishment for creating a divide between shepherd and sheep even though they brought civilization to humanity. In nightmares deep in the night, he or she has become darkness itself, endlessly pursuing and hunting themselves."
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Surprisingly profound, don't you think?
}}
----

===The group owner has...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The group owner has muted all members
:'''Light-Hunter:''' You should have 8 goat heads by now. I've just completed 3 new sections of analyses on my end, so I'm slower than you, but I'll catch up soon (actually, the recent goat heads contain more than 1 segment that can be deciphered)
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Anyway, here you go
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings 2'' has been received
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Here's another of Avilius' headcanons. I think he should give literature serious thought instead of mysticism
:'''Light-Hunter:''' "When the black tide first appeared in the world, people were deeply terrified. They had been shepherds for so long that they had forgotten they, too, could be hunted and slaughtered like sheep. At the end of the Era Chrysea, humanity faced an unprecedented, all-encompassing defeat. The old heroes had died, while new heroes had yet to be born. Everything was in disarray, and all hope seemed lost. The once-thriving civilization now cast a vast shadow, and those with ambition could only chew on an ashen, bitter fate with decaying, cavity-ridden teeth."
}}
----

===The group owner has...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The group owner has muted all members
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Did you get 12 goat heads already? My output is still 3 sections. And as you can see, it's from an even earlier batch
:'''Light-Hunter:''' But no matter, I will make up for it. I'll try to surpass you in total count
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings 3'' has been received
:'''Light-Hunter:''' As usual, the following is Avilius' free-association
:'''Light-Hunter:''' "Neither humans nor Titans can exist independently of the world itself. The past imprints itself upon the future, acting as both the foundation and the constraint of all things. As these constraints multiply, humans grow further and further from the Titans they were once close to... eventually forgetting the past, unaware that both sides could be subject to a higher destiny. If we interpret it this way, then the roles of shepherd and sheep could apply to any of us &mdash; they could even be one and the same (just as hinted in the opening passage!)"
}}
----

===The group owner has...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The group owner has muted all members
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Like I said before, this is to make up for the missed progress
:'''Light-Hunter:''' I feel like the more we discover, the less we know
:'''Light-Hunter:''' There are 8 sections this time. I'll send you in 2 documents
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings 4'' has been received
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings 5'' has been received
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Also, what you just completed should be the final challenge that we know of
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Avilius will pass you the information extracted from it later (oh right, he's been learning how to assist me lately)
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Ah
:'''Light-Hunter:''' If I unmute him, he'll spam this chat up again
:'''Light-Hunter:''' You know what? Since it's the last one, it should be fine if you look for Avilius yourself. He's much quieter in person
:'''Light-Hunter:''' But personally, after we're done, it's best not to engage him in playing conspiracy games even if this research is valuable
:'''Light-Hunter:''' It seems none of us would figure out what exactly happened in history long past
}}
----

===The group owner has...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The group owner has disabled mute for all members
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' Listen to this, this experiment really worked!
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' I dreamed I was trapped in a prison, completely sealed off with no light at all &mdash; I could only feel the rough shape of the cell. I searched everywhere for a source of light and finally struck pieces of metal together to create a spark. But to my surprise, the whole room went up in flames with a loud "whoosh," and it startled me awake!
:'''Light-Hunter:''' ...
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Just drop it
:'''Light-Hunter:''' That which one thinks about during the day is what one dream about at night
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Nothing more
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' I respectfully disagree, dear teach
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' Who's to say our adventures are not the dreams of a certain Titan?
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' However... Out of the two hypotheses "Humans evolved from Titans" and "Humans are dreamed up by Titans..." which is more likely? This calls for a new experiment to be designed!
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The group owner has muted all members
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Quit it with the conspiracy theory
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Like I said, it seems no one could know what exactly happened in history long past
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Dreams are too subjective and are not evidence
:'''Light-Hunter:''' If you want to design a new experiment, then its method of proof needs to be more objective
:'''Light-Hunter:''' However
:'''Light-Hunter:''' Don't get ahead of yourself
:'''Light-Hunter:''' This world might be seeing new changes soon
:'''Light-Hunter:''' When that time comes, the text that we aren't able to decipher might reveal its true meaning
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}