<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Group chat with Gepard, Serval, and (Trailblazer)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 67
|image        = NPC Group chat with Gepard, Serval, and (Trailblazer) Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Gepard]]; [[Serval]]; [[Trailblazer]]
|faction      = Jarilo-VI
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer)!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Serval:''' (Trailblazer)!
:'''Gepard:''' You there?
:{Choice} Yes.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yeah
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it?
:{Choice} No.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Hello. The number you're trying to reach is currently not within the Belobog serface zone
::'''(Trailblazer):''' *service zone
::'''Gepard:''' You don't need to do this...
:{Choice} What's this group?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Um, why is there a group chat?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What do you want!?
:'''Serval:''' Um, you've probably guessed...
:'''Gepard:''' We want to ask you for help
:{Choice} Sure.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Fine. Tell me what you need
:{Choice} Nope.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Hello. The number you're trying to reach is currently not afaikable
::'''(Trailblazer):''' *available
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...
::'''Serval:''' Please stop! This is actually really serious
:{Choice} Help with what?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it?
:'''Gepard:''' Can you please come to the Belobog Museum's Finishing Room? We can have a chat there
:{Choice} Okay, be right there.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sure thing. I'll be there soon
::'''Serval:''' As expected from you! We're gonna wait for you there
:{Choice} You can't tell me now?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why so secretive about it...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just say what you have to say over text!
::'''Serval:''' Hehehe, it's more fun this way.
::'''Gepard:''' ... We'll be waiting for you there
;{Accepted Mission: Farther Than The Snow Plains}
}}
----

===Hey (Trailblazer)!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Serval:''' Hey (Trailblazer)!
:'''Gepard:''' How's it going with that thing we talked about before?
:{Choice} It's done for now.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I've pretty much wrapped it up
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you two at the workshop? I'll come to talk to you in person
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Texting might not be enough
:'''Serval:''' Lucky for you, we're both here~
:'''Gepard:''' We'll be waiting for you at the workshop then
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}