<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Group chat with Argenti, March 7th, Pom-Pom, and (Trailblazer)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 109
|image        = NPC Group chat with Argenti, March 7th, Pom-Pom, and (Trailblazer) Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Argenti]]; [[March 7th]]; [[Pom-Pom]]; [[Trailblazer]]
|faction      = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), are you all...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Argenti:''' (Trailblazer), are you all safe and sound?
:'''Argenti:''' I am sincerely worried.
:{Choice} ???
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ??????
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Enough about us
:'''March 7th:''' ????????
:'''Pom-Pom:''' ??????????
:'''March 7th:''' Aaaaah
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Waaaa, it's Argenti!
:'''March 7th:''' Argenti!
:'''March 7th:''' I knew it. You're still alive!
:'''March 7th:''' It's so good to see that you made it through!!!
:'''Argenti:''' The moment a knight enters battle, they should already have full belief in their victory.
:'''Argenti:''' When I fought against it, it was as if the light of Beauty protected me.
:'''Argenti:''' Whatever happened next, alas, I do not recall.
:'''Argenti:''' But the True Sting mayhaps have a case of... bad breath. Something akin to indigestion.
:'''Argenti:''' Afterwards, I spent a long time wiping and polishing my armor
:{Choice} I'm so glad you're alive...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's great
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm gonna start crying
:{Choice} I knew you'd be okay...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Everyone was worried sick...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Himeko even contacted the IPC to track you through the universe
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Boohoo...
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Pom-Pom will drive the Express over to pick you up!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}