<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Rosy Celestial Maiden Discussion Group#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 183
|image        = NPC Rosy Celestial Maiden Discussion Group Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Just Wanna Be A Mannequin]]; [[Phagousa Is Still Drinking]]; [[Sky-Breaching Explorer]]; [[The 13th Titan]]; [[Zagreus Give Me Money]]
|faction      = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===It was as I...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' It was as I said. The Rosy Celestial Maiden doesn't resemble someone from Amphoreus no matter what
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' And there are so many wonders you won't see in Amphoreus in that photostone: A world of snow, countless small boats in the sky, splendorous skyscrapers...
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' The "world beyond the sky" is real!
:'''Zagreus Give Me Money:''' Her hair was pink, and she wore a short blue blouse, and her eyes were as the sea reflecting the light of sunset...
:'''Zagreus Give Me Money:''' Is this seriously not Mnestia's human avatar?
:'''Just Wanna Be A Mannequin:''' Lady Aglaea is Mnestia's ambassador
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' Nonsense! I already said that the Rosy Celestial Maiden isn't from Amphoreus! She's from beyond the sky!
:'''The 13th Titan:''' I'll admit that I've read a great many unofficial historical records, but the Skyship Calamity is not an apocryphal tale! It is a tragedy that really happened
:'''The 13th Titan:''' No one can pass the sky dome while Aquila maintains their baleful gaze... After all, it's questionable if any world beyond the sky even exists!
:'''Phagousa Is Still Drinking:''' Even the existence of the Rosy Celestial Maiden is in dispute
:'''Just Wanna Be A Mannequin:''' I still have a few attires made by Lady Aglaea herself. I hope I can make the Rosy Celestial Maiden's acquaintance with these supreme garbs as a gift!
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' I told you I saw it with my own eyes!
:'''The 13th Titan:''' Really? Then I saw Nikador and Kephale clasping hands in a gesture of peace with my own eyes!
:'''Zagreus Give Me Money:''' My dear explorer, you're speaking drivel. You must have been deceived by Zagreus
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' I speak with honesty, and you treat me like this...? Fine. So be it. I'll prove the existence of the world beyond the sky through my own means!
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' Just watch me! I will soar to the world beyond the sky
:'''Sky-Breaching Explorer:''' Even if I have to risk my own life, I'll find the Rosy Celestial Maiden and silence you all!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}