<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Sound Ninja Assembly#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 159
|image        = NPC Sound Ninja Assembly Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Czi]]; [[Dazzling Ninja Hero]]; [[E-Trash]]; [[Guitar Master]]; [[Trailblazer]]
|faction      = Penacony
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Found the composition inspiration you wanted===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} I got something
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Found the composition inspiration you wanted
:'''(Trailblazer):''' If this counts
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Document sent
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' An absolutely elegant beat!
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' I truly appreciate your hunt for my inspiration, Sound Master
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' I say, where did you find this secret art?
:{Choice} The Origami Bird...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You won't believe it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I played a melody with the origami birds
:{Choice} I was mad confused too
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It was preposterous
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I ran into a band comprising only origami birds
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' But their beat is indeed divine
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' The special sound ninja training will commence. When you return, you will surely see results
}}
----

===You can find inspiration...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} How about this?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You can find inspiration in Peppy's barks
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm totally a savant at this
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Document sent
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' As expected from the Sound Master!
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' The special sound ninja training is going swimmingly. I shall not squander your efforts, Sound Master
}}
----

===A rapping trashcan. Bet...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} Listen to it when you've time?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' A rapping trashcan. Bet ya wouldn't have dreamt of it
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Even though you are indeed in a dream
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Document sent
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' There are such well-built ninja cans in this world? What a wonder
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' The sound ninja's prowess has all seen vast improvement with the special training. Please be at ease
}}
----

===When Rappa and I...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} Where are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' When Rappa and I got to the rehearsal room, none of you were there. Where did you all run off to?
:{Choice} Assemble!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Latecomers will have to carry the instruments
::'''(Trailblazer):''' @Czi @E-Trash @Guitar Pro
:'''Czi:''' Couldn't sleep. Will be late.
:'''E-Trash:''' I will... also be there later
:'''Guitar Master:''' ?
:'''Guitar Master:''' How long are you guys gonna drag this out?
:'''Guitar Master:''' Fine, I'll elaborate for the rest.
}}
----

===Everyone! I have just...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' Everyone! I have just thought of a magnificent mantra
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' "Magical colors, streak across the wicked night. Evil is vanquished, dissipated in fright. Fret not in the journey through darkness and watch &mdash; the Ninja Heroes ascend the stage, fast and furious!"
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Guitar Pro has left the chat
:'''Czi:''' Goodbye! Miss Rappa, please don't cry for me
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Deal has left the chat
:'''E-Trash:''' I love Rappa's original rap
:'''E-Trash:''' No no no, it's a mantra that spits real bars
:'''E-Trash:''' For real
:'''E-Trash:''' Sorry
:{{DIcon|Warning}} E-Trash has left the chat
:{Choice} It's just us left
::'''(Trailblazer):''' We're really the last ninjas now
:{Choice} Can we turn this around...?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (ritual dancing) Aahhh, return... Spirits return to us (spinning in circles)... Spirits return to us
}}
----

===@Guitar Pro===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} @Guitar Pro
:'''(Trailblazer):''' @Guitar Pro
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You're the last one
}}
----

===You got any progress there?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} I'm back
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You got any progress there?
:{Choice} @all
::'''(Trailblazer):''' @Deal @E-Trash @Dazzling Ninja
::'''(Trailblazer):''' How's it going?
:'''Czi:''' Not really...
:'''E-Trash:''' I tried asking for help from the teacher at Dreamweaver Academy
:'''E-Trash:''' But the attitude from the other two schools is firm, so there's no room for negotiation
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' Oh no
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' My Super Perception could not sense Ninja Initiate Guitar's traces at all
:'''Dazzling Ninja Hero:''' Let's meet up first
}}
----

==={{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Guitar Master:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager
:'''Guitar Master:''' Sorry. Montana seems to need you for something
:'''Guitar Master:''' Let's go and check out the area around the stage
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}