<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/The Three Treasures#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 152
|image        = NPC The Three Treasures Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Argenti]]; [[Boothill]]; [[Trailblazer]]
|faction      = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Hey===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} Anyone there?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Hey
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You there?
:'''Argenti:''' What's the matter, my friend?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Where's Boothill?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I need something from the both of you urgently
:'''Argenti:''' Boothill is here too
:'''Argenti:''' But you might have to wait a little. Someone just stole his hat
:{Choice} Can he handle it?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Can he handle it? I'm in a rush
:{Choice} It's really urgent
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's a really urgent matter
:'''Argenti:''' Calm down, my friend
:'''Argenti:''' I can see him returning with his hat
:'''Boothill:''' Fudge me! This street is such a mess
:'''Boothill:''' You're telling me. Some people really don't know the concept of "order"
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Enough with the chit-chat
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I might have found the "organization" that you mentioned
:'''Boothill:''' What? Where? Tell me!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's a long story. Hurry over to the hotel in the Dreamscape
:'''(Trailblazer):''' My friend is being threatened by them. It doesn't look good
:'''Boothill:''' The hotel in the Dreamscape? I got it. We're on our way
:'''Argenti:''' A friend of yours is one of ours too
:'''Argenti:''' I will come along to help settle the problem, my friend
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}