<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Wardance Tournament Coordinator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 162
|image        = NPC Wardance Tournament Coordinator Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Luka]]; [[Trailblazer]]; [[Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep]]
|faction      = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Hello, Contestant Luka and Coach (Trailblazer)===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Hello, Contestant Luka and Coach (Trailblazer)
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' I'm here because of that special challenge. A foxian contestant named Samatha wishes to fight you
:'''Luka:''' Yes. I've received the details
:'''Luka:''' But this opponent doesn't look like a fighter
:'''Luka:''' Compared to the likes of Seele or Mr. Gepard, the feeling she gives me...
:'''Luka:''' Is more like Natasha
:{Choice} Don't underestimate them
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You'll get your butt booted if you underestimate your opponent
:'''Luka:''' Indeed, there are hidden masters everywhere on the Xianzhou. You can't judge a book by its cover
:'''Luka:''' I shall look forward to it
;{Accepted Mission: Ordination}
}}
----

===Contestant Luka, coach (Trailblazer),...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Contestant Luka, coach (Trailblazer), greetings to you both. I am a representative of the organizing committee for this year's Luminary Wardance. May I ask if you have some time right now?
:'''Luka:''' What is it?
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Contestant Luka, we have an "invitational match" challenge for you from another contestant
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' The contestant's name is Shuojin. We will send you his info shortly
:{Choice} Fight! We must fight!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Fight! We must fight!
::'''Luka:''' Coach, don't get carried away!
::'''Luka:''' We should at least ask what this "invitational match" actually means
:{Choice} Sorry, we're busy
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Taking part in the formal tournament has already exhausted us. We don't have the energy for any "invitational match"
::'''Luka:''' Wait, don't just turn it down straight away!
::'''Luka:''' We should at least ask what this "invitational match" actually means
:{Choice} What's an "invitational match"?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's a phrase I haven't heard before
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is this "invitational match"?
::'''Luka:''' Yeah, I wanted to ask that, too
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' You may be unfamiliar with our competition formats, so please allow me to explain. This year's Luminary Wardance features not only the traditional knockout and faceoff matches, but also special bouts known as "invitational matches"
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Put simply, during the process of the Wardance, contestants have the right to send challenge invites to other contestants for a one-on-one duel
:'''Luka:''' Now this is an opportunity to get my name out there and get my ranking up!
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Of course, there are also great risks involved in failure. Challengers who are unsuccessful will be immediately disqualified from future events. It is common for contestants to refuse such challenges
:'''Luka:''' If someone challenges me, does that mean I can challenge other people, too?
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Unfortunately, this is a supportive privilege offered only to lower-rank contestants to provide them with more opportunities to compete. On the other hand, being challenged is a recognition of your strength, contestant Luka
:'''Luka:''' ...
:'''Luka:''' I don't know if that's fair or unfair...
:'''Luka:''' Alright, I'll take a look at the files
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Furthermore, I have been asked by Miss Topaz of the IPC to extend an invitation to collaborate with you
:'''Luka:''' An invitation from Topaz? Collaborate with the IPC?
:{Choice} Shall we ask what this is about?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Do you want to say no? Or shall we ask what this is about?
::'''Luka:''' I... My instincts are telling me not to deal with people from the IPC
:{Choice} Are you going to turn down free money?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It seems that your fame is on the rise... I imagine the IPC wants you to endorse one of their products
::'''Luka:''' I... My instincts are telling me not to deal with people from the IPC
:{Choice} The IPC is tricky... Maybe not?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The IPC is a tricky bunch. I feel like it would be best not to get involved with them
::'''Luka:''' Yeah, you're right
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Very well. I understand
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' Miss Topaz indicates that she would like to meet with you both in Aurum Alley, whether you are willing to work with her or not
:'''Wardance Ceremony Organizing Committee Rep:''' That is all the information I have for you. Good luck with your competition!
;{Accepted Mission: Parallax's Vision}
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}