<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Yueyuan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id           = 191
|image        = NPC Yueyuan Icon.png
|type         = Group
|participants = [[Trailblazer]]; [[Yueyuan]]
|faction      = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Sorry. I was busy...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Yueyuan:''' Sorry. I was busy and just saw this message
:{Choice} Out capturing the Unshackled?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Out capturing the Unshackled?
::'''Yueyuan:''' Yep. Caught a few more today. Just finished teaching them a lesson
:{Choice} Busy even after retirement?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're still doing all this even though you're retired?
::'''Yueyuan:''' I was decommissioned, not retired. Plus, to long-life species, 200 plus is the perfect age for working hard
:'''Yueyuan:''' I digress. You want to know what happened with those Drift Bottles, right?
:'''Yueyuan:''' A tea salesman picked up another bottle a little while back. The contents were... complete nonsense. If you're interested, you can come and check it out yourself
:{Choice} I'll be right there.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Wait for me. I'll be right there
::'''Yueyuan:''' Alright. I will wait for you at the Alchemy Commission
:{Choice} I'll be there soon.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I've got something on at the moment. I'll be there soon
::'''Yueyuan:''' Take your time. I'll wait for you at the Alchemy Commission
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}