{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It's dusk, and you're standing amid the heat waves. The atmosphere at the mines makes you dizzy, the mineral veins burning like melted butter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Great Qlipoth, Aeon of Preservation... THEY can hear our voices." The miners raise and dip their shovels like frenzied animals &mdash; or the faithful.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Someone notices you &mdash; It's the "lead miner" wearing a detector lamp. His arms are dark and muscular, and his lips are in a similar shade of ink. His hearty smile is very memorable. He has a gold tooth that ceaselessly expands and twists in your brain, till all you can see is his "smile" &mdash; His lips and eyes fuse together, like the melting sludge of paint on a palette.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Qlipoth, the blessing of the Amber Lord, preserves these leylines. You can have one of them."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Qlipoth's Favor. &mdash; Enhance 2 random Blessings.
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Qlipoth's Blessing. &mdash; Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Preservation.
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing of Preservation)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Fight with the lead miner and grab the stuff!|Enter 1 battle. Obtain 2 random Blessings of Destruction.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/-25% HP; Voidranger: Trampler*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Everwinter Shadewalker*2/-25% HP; Guardian Shadow*1/-25% HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Dedicate to the Amber Lord.|Obtain one Enhanced 2-star Blessing of Preservation.}}
:;(Obtain a Enhanced 2-star Blessing of Preservation)
{{Dialogue End}}