{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = I.O.U. Dispenser (Part 1)
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Qlipoth
}}
'''I.O.U. Dispenser (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Madam Scarred Eye, board member of the IPC, sits across from you. A long and narrow scar cuts through her left eye. You can sense her gaze on you, and you know she is not to be trifled with.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are sitting here because of her overwhelming intimidation. A maid offers her a glass of champagne, and softly kisses the back of her hand.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The planet Evelli is hit by a financial crisis," Madam Scarred Eye announces. "To help them tide over, our Business Consolidation Department has launched the Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser. I'll make you an irresistible offer."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Buy the IPC's debt, wait for this catastrophe to be over, and the IPC will pay you an amount more than ten times your principal."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The servant next to Madam Scarred Eye pushes out a robot angel with wings. "This is the Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser. You need to feed Gold Coins into it regularly, and it will keep a record of your investment. At the end of the investment term, it will pay you an amount more than ten times your principal."
:{{DIcon|Star}} I'll buy it. &mdash; Receive Curio: Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Angel-type_I.O.U._Dispenser}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} You're not a reliable "investment manager." &mdash; The Interastral Peace Corporation is definitely not a charity!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "You have no idea what you have missed out on," Madam Scarred Eye remarks. "Every worker would be thrilled to be given such an opportunity. After all, this is an 'era of opportunism'."
::{{DIcon|Star}} I hate this era. &mdash; It makes me feel "lacking."
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "We can solve your deprivation by offering you a 'chance' to get what you want," Madam Scarred Eye adds.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} I want money. &mdash; Receive Curio: Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser.
:::;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Angel-type_I.O.U._Dispenser}})
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Of course. Your return on investment will be above 1000%, as long as you are certain that your deprivation is in terms of 'materialism'. [[Qlipoth]] blesses us." Madam Scarred Eye states.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} I want "love." &mdash; Receive Curio: Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser.
:::;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Angel-type_I.O.U._Dispenser}})
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Of course. Love can be a universal currency, and it is something we mass-produce. The Interastral Peace Corporation endeavors to provide everyone with an endless supply of love. Qlipoth blesses us." Madam Scarred Eye states.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} I don't want anything. This is very nihilistic. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:::;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' "One day, you'll come back to me," Madam Scarred Eye slowly asserts in an authoritative tone. "Trade stops when clients desire nothing. When trade is booming, it will allow Qlipoth to build higher walls. That is the purpose. Here are some complimentary gifts for you. I look forward to meeting you again." She stands up and turns her back to you as she leaves.
::{{DIcon|Star}} I don't need it. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
::;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "One day, you'll come back to me," Madam Scarred Eye slowly asserts in an authoritative tone. "Trade stops when clients desire nothing. When trade is booming, it will allow Qlipoth to build higher walls. That is the purpose. Here are some complimentary gifts for you. I look forward to meeting you again." She stands up and turns her back to you as she leaves.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = I.O.U. Dispenser (Part 1)
|zhs  = 谢债发行机（其一）
|zht  = 謝債發行機（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|謝債発行機|しゃさいはっこうき}}（その1）
|ko   = 사채발행기 (1)
|es   = Dispensador de deuda (I)
|fr   = Accumulateur de dettes (partie 1)
|ru   = Распределитель займов I
|th   = I.O.U. Dispenser (1)
|vi   = Máy Nhắc Nợ 1
|de   = Schuldscheinspender (Teil 1)
|id   = I.O.U. Dispenser (1)
|pt   = Dispensador de Promissórias (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
