<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Iris Ad Expert#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8022124
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Iris Ad Expert.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = ''Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir''
|chapter       = Once Upon a Dreamville...
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8022107--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bubble Hound; Lalasky; Mr. Domescreen; Origami Bird; Trailblazer; Troupe Agent; Unclear Voice
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Clock Studios Theme Park]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Clock Studios Theme Park
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Iris Ad Expert''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir]] event.

==Steps==
# Find the Troupe Agent and film ''Dreamjoy Ascension''
# Find the Troupe Agent and keep filming ''Dreamjoy Ascension''
# Finish filming ''Dreamjoy Ascension''

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find the Troupe Agent and film ''Dreamjoy Ascension''{{subst:void|<!--802212401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|The ''Dreamjoy Memoir'' crew accepted the collaboration from the Iris Family and planned a commercial named ''Dreamjoy Ascension''. Go help them!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Troupe Agent)
:{{tx}}
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Director (Trailblazer)? I've heard a lot about you. I'm a messenger from the Iris Family and also the person in charge of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're from the Iris Family too?
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, I understand your concern &mdash; the kid that just came earlier was a newbie and may not have conveyed our message clearly. Please accept my apologies on behalf of the kid. I want to convey our utmost sincerity.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Clockie has always been Penacony's most valuable brand figure. The Sweet Dreams Troupe of our Iris Family has also been a popular brand image that's been well-liked by tourists recently.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' So, the proposal I'm making isn't an acquisition at all, but a partnership! Together we can be greater by producing a new animation flick!
::'''Troupe Agent:''' I wonder if you have any interest in a film collaboration?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That tone sure changed fast...
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, as I'm sure you know, Director, a mutual victory is much more pragmatic than competition to us.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there any money in it?
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, as it is with such matters with mutual benefits, you will surely stand to gain as well.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' The Iris Family has the best directors and most professional actors. We can provide all the film equipment and staff.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' We've even invited a special guest &mdash; the majestic trashcan buried in the dream...
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Of course, a partnership requires that both parties participate. We're willing to bill you, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer), as the executive producer. You can check in on the progress and content at the film set at any time.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' As for the script for this movie... I've also discussed it with Mr. Pisce, to adapt that classic tale &mdash; the most romantic and magical {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Dreamjoy Ascension''}}! What do you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Interesting! Action!
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Wonderful! The three directors at the set all appear to have run into a little trouble. {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Executive Producer, please go and lend a hand.
:::{{tx}}
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 44305002,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the Troupe Agent and keep filming ''Dreamjoy Ascension''{{subst:void|<!--802212402-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Finish filming ''Dreamjoy Ascension''{{subst:void|<!--802212404-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|Filming for ''Dreamjoy Ascension'' has concluded. Go show it to the client!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:'''Troupe Agent:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer), how's filming coming along?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's been perfect!
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Wonderful. I place full trust in your ability and aesthetics.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's barely passable, I guess.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' You're too modest. I place full trust in your ability and aesthetics.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've just been running errands at everyone's whims...
::'''Troupe Agent:''' A film set's unavoidably chaotic at times. What matters is the final result, no?
:'''Troupe Agent:''' The rough cut is done. Wanna take a look together?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Watch the film)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Iris Ad Expert
|zhs  = 鸢尾花广告专家
|zht  = 鳶尾花廣告專家
|ja   = アイリスの広告専門家
|ko   = 붓꽃 광고 전문가
|es   = Expert{{MC|f=a|m=o}} en publicidad de la familia Iris
|fr   = Doctorat en publicité mention Bel-Iris
|ru   = Эксперт рекламы Ирисов
|th   = กูรูโฆษณา Iris
|vi   = Chuyên Gia Quảng Cáo Iris
|de   = {{MC|f=Werbespezialistin|m=Werbespezialist}} der Familie Iris
|id   = Ahli Iklan Iris
|pt   = Especialista em Anúncios Iris
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
