<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shopping Street Ad Expert#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8022120
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Shopping Street Ad Expert.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = ''Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir''
|chapter       = Once Upon a Dreamville...
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8022105--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Business Street Rep; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Clock Studios Theme Park]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Clock Studios Theme Park
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Shopping Street Ad Expert''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir]] event.

==Steps==
# Find the commercial district rep to film ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''
# Find the commercial district rep to keep filming ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''
# Finish filming ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find the commercial district rep to film ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''{{subst:void|<!--802212001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|The ''Dreamjoy Memoir'' crew accepted the collaboration from Penacony merchants and planned a commercial named ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''. Go help them!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Business Street Rep)
:'''Business Street Rep:''' Item wear and tear, manpower costs, filming expenses... Oh right, also gotta factor in the duration...
::'''Business Street Rep:''' So the sum of expenses is... No no, we've exceeded our budget. Where can I shift things around...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pisce asked me to film some adverts here.
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Hold on a sec. I'm calculating the total expenses for this filming collab.
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Sorry to make you wait. I'm the agent for the Twelve Hours' business street. I've come to speak to you about working on a commercial together.
::'''Business Street Rep:''' You're the director of ''Dreamjoy Memoir''? Just in time. Please take a look at the script for this commercial...
::'''Business Street Rep:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''}}. The story is set in Dreamville, and the main thing is to have our brand's imagery and Brother Hanu from ''Dreamjoy Memoir'' be in the same shot. It's a win-win for both sides.
:'''Business Street Rep:''' Everyone's at their marks now. You can start filming whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. Action!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 44305001,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the commercial district rep to keep filming ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''{{subst:void|<!--802212002-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Finish filming ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''{{subst:void|<!--802212004-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|Filming for the advertisement ''Brother Hanu's Great Heist'' is finished. Go show it to the client!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (The commercial shoot has ended swimmingly. Time to find Pisce and continue {{Color|h|nobold=1|editing the film}}...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shopping Street Ad Expert
|zhs  = 商店街广告专家
|zht  = 商店街廣告專家
|ja   = 商店街の広告専門家
|ko   = 상점가 광고 전문가
|es   = Exper{{MC|f=ta|m=to}} en publicidad de la calle comercial
|fr   = Doctorat en publicité mention rue des affaires
|ru   = Эксперт уличной рекламы
|th   = กูรูโฆษณาในย่านการค้า
|vi   = Chuyên Gia Quảng Cáo Phố Thương Mại
|de   = {{MC|f=Werbespezialistin|m=Werbespezialist}} der Einkaufsstraße
|id   = Ahli Iklan Pusat Perbelanjaan
|pt   = Especialista em Anúncios da Rua Comercial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
