<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#SoulGlad Ad Expert#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8022122
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission SoulGlad Ad Expert.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = ''Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir''
|chapter       = Once Upon a Dreamville...
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8022106--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = SoulGlad Vendor; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Clock Studios Theme Park]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Clock Studios Theme Park
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''SoulGlad Ad Expert''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir]] event.

==Steps==
# Find the SoulGlad supplier to film ''Bubbly Clockie''
# Find the SoulGlad supplier to keep filming ''Bubbly Clockie''
# Finish filming ''Bubbly Clockie''

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find the SoulGlad supplier to film ''Bubbly Clockie''{{subst:void|<!--802212201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|The ''Dreamjoy Memoir'' crew accepted the collaboration from SoulGlad Enterprise and planned a commercial named ''Bubbly Clockie''. Go help them!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to SoulGlad Vendor)
:'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "SoulGlad &mdash; the source of joy, the quintessence of dreams!"
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' My friend, how about a bottle of SoulGlad?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have a sip first!
:::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "Grab a bottle of SoulGlad, make your dreams a blast!"
:::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' Heh, if we're talking about Penacony trademark products besides Clockie, it's gotta be our SoulGlad.
:::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' I'll be candid &mdash; our SoulGlad will soon have a collaboration with Clockie &mdash; don't forget to cheer us on!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a coincidence. I'm here to talk about a partnership.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No thanks, I'm here to talk about collaborating.
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' So you're the director of ''Dreamjoy Memoir''!
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' Mr. Pisce mentioned you &mdash; it's an honor to finally meet you! I'm from the SoulGlad™ Advertising Department, just here to chat with you about the current commercial proposal &mdash; {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Bubbly Clockie''}}!
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "SoulGlad can bring joy and laughter to Dreamville, but the evil Boss Stone hates everything nice, so he's imprisoned Mr. Soda and stashed away all of the town's SoulGlad..."
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "The hero of Dreamville &mdash; Clockie &mdash; will infiltrate Boss Stone's office building to bring back smiles to the townspeople!"
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' ...That's the gist of the story. To complete production quickly, I hope you, as the director, can personally get your hands dirty, and become Clockie's motion capture artist.
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' A total of three commercials. How about it? Will that work?
:'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' ''Bubbly Clockie'' &mdash; Director, are you ready to roll!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. Action!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetLocalPlayerDitherAlpha"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 44305003,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the SoulGlad supplier to keep filming ''Bubbly Clockie''{{subst:void|<!--802212203-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Finish filming ''Bubbly Clockie''{{subst:void|<!--802212204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|Filming for ''Bubbly Clockie'' has concluded. Go show it to the client!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = SoulGlad Ad Expert
|zhs  = 苏乐达广告专家
|zht  = 蘇樂達廣告專家
|ja   = スラーダ広告専門家
|ko   = 솔글래드 광고 전문가
|es   = Expert{{MC|f=a|m=o}} en publicidad de FelizAlma
|fr   = Doctorat en publicité mention Félicitâme
|ru   = Эксперт рекламы «Услады»
|th   = กูรูโฆษณา SoulGlad
|vi   = Chuyên Gia Quảng Cáo SoulGlad
|de   = {{MC|f=Werbespezialistin|m=Werbespezialist}} für SeelFroh
|id   = Ahli Iklan SoulGlad
|pt   = Especialista em Anúncios da FelizAlma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
