{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You step into a natural program simulated by the recursive formula and notice a black box on the ground. You open it to reveal the holographic image of a physician &mdash; he has the body of a serpent below his waist.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' His dark green scales rustle and reflect a metallic glint as he moves its tail. "Hiss..." He speaks. Thanks to the Synesthesia Beacon, you can slowly understand his language.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Xuange was destroyed by Lan's Lux Arrow 62 light years away. Herta observed the incident and nurtured my spiritual form in the Simulated Universe." A kindling emerges in the physician's hands.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "My existence is Nihility... I do not have the authority to terminate the black box. I've tried to get out of the defensive walls, but I've only managed to send the self-extinguishing kindling outside the black box. I hope you can take it and see my belief through."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the flames of "Self-destruction" and destroy the black box. &mdash; Obtain 1 random Negative Curio and a 3-star Blessing.
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
;(If Intra-Cognition is between 0 and 40 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|You can "reinforce this belief."|Gain 1 random Negative Curio(s) and enhance 3 blessing(s).}}
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings)
{{Dialogue End}}