{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You step into a natural program simulated by the recursive formula and notice a black box on the ground. You open it to reveal the holographic image of a physician &mdash; he has the body of a serpent below his waist.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' His dark green scales rustle and reflect a metallic glint as he moves its tail. "Hiss..." He speaks. Thanks to the Synesthesia Beacon, you can slowly understand his language.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Xuange was destroyed by Lan's Lux Arrow 62 light-years away. Herta observed the incident and nurtured my spiritual form in the Simulated Universe." A kindling emerges in the physician's hands.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "My existence is Nihility... I do not have the authority to terminate the black box. I've tried to get out of the defensive walls, but I've only managed to send the self-extinguishing kindling outside the black box. I hope you can take it and see my belief through."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the flames of "Self-destruction" and destroy the black box. &mdash; Obtain 1 random Negative Curio and a 3-star Blessing.
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Hurry and terminate black box. Get it out.|Achieve battle victory within 4 Cycle(s). If you complete the challenge, obtain a 3-star Blessing of The Hunt.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Imaginary Weaver*2/-25% HP; Decaying Shadow*1/-25% HP}}
{{Dialogue End}}