<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Birth of a Hero (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25901-2
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Hero.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 144
}}
'''Birth of a Hero (III)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Continue the "expedition" with the children.
|result_1 = Deals DMG to all enemies equal to 99% of their current HP when entering battle. Gains 3 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity after achieving victory

|choice_2 = Close your eyes forever.
|result_2 = Obtain 1 random Equation(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity and 2 Blessing(s) required for Equations. Resets Occurrence progress
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the years pass, you return to your hometown once more, battered and scarred. You look out the window. Kephale's radiance still embraces the holy city, yet poems carried by the wind have already spread your renown far and wide.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You were once a hero, but all heroes eventually face their twilight. Children would always tug at you to mesmerize them with your feats of past, pretending to be heroes on an expedition with you, defeating wooden monsters adorned in painted scribbles.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Continue the "expedition" with the children. &mdash; Deals DMG to all enemies equal to 99% of their current HP when entering battle. Gains 3 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity after achieving victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' With a swing of your wooden stick, the children playing monsters would fall dramatically to the ground, followed by gleeful giggles.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Close your eyes forever. &mdash; Obtain 1 random Equation(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity and 2 Blessing(s) required for Equations. Resets Occurrence progress
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A chill rises from your toes. At the end of the tide, Thanatos' longship will ferry you on a journey into the next life.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Birth of a Hero (III)
|zhs  = 英雄的诞生（其三）
|zht  = 英雄的誕生（其三）
|ja   = {{Rubi|英雄|えいゆう}}の{{Rubi|誕生|たんじょう}}（その3）
|ko   = 영웅의 탄생(3)
|es   = El nacimiento de un héroe III
|fr   = Naissance d'un héros (III)
|ru   = Рождение героя III
|th   = กำเนิดวีรชน (III)
|vi   = Sự Ra Đời Của Anh Hùng (III)
|de   = Geburt eines Helden (III)
|id   = Lahirnya Pahlawan 3
|pt   = O Nascimento de um Herói (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}