<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Not Good With Farewells#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4020107
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Not Good With Farewells.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Universal Equilibrium
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[To Rot or to Burn]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = To Rot or to Burn
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Not Good With Farewells''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Universal Equilibrium]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
----
:{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 101.ogg}} The air seems to heat up suddenly, and a sticky wind grips onto your ankles, leaving you feeling intuitively uncomfortable. "Equilibrium..." Mutters a low, emotionless voice. Another whisper echoed, as if in symphony: "The universe should be... in equilibrium..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's talking?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Am I dreaming again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The universe should be... in equilibrium...
::{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 102.ogg}} "Yes..." Said the voice, "Equilibrium..."
:{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 103.ogg}} "The Arbitrators of the Equilibrium are giving you a trial." And the echoes continued, "For the equilibrium of all worlds, you must demonstrate your strength. The strong will be given greater opportunities, the weak a chance to breathe."
:{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 104.ogg}} "Passing the trial will prove that your strength has shaken the scales of power." The voice said, "Worlds will change, and thus... equilibrium. You will encounter stronger enemies, harder puzzles, and... greater rewards."
:{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 105.ogg}} "After equilibrium..." The voice keeps repeating, "You will go on to face yet more trials..."
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Please explain in the human language.
::The voice does not answer.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is this the so-called "Dynamic Difficulty"?
::The voice does not answer.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can I refuse this "trial"?
::{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 106.ogg}} The voice does not answer, then after a while: "It is your choice to make..." And it continued, "But in the end, equilibrium will be upheld..."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Get to the point, what are the rewards?
::{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 107.ogg}} "You will obtain more..." The voice said, "More of the material, more of the spiritual... more of the countable, more of the immeasurable. What is obtained will be in proportion to your strength, and thus... in equilibrium."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, then. For the "Equilibrium."
::{{A|VO sideX Ag1 asideB 108.ogg}} "Equilibrium." The voice repeated. You detect a hint of approval from that emotionless tone, "It is for this that all worlds change."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Not Good With Farewells
|zhs  = 我们不擅长告别
|zht  = 我們不擅長告別
|ja   = 別れを告げるのは苦手
|ko   = 익숙지 않은 작별
|es   = Las despedidas no son lo mío
|fr   = Pas doué pour les adieux
|ru   = Мы не умеем прощаться
|th   = เราไม่สันทัดเรื่องการบอกลา
|vi   = Chúng Tôi Không Giỏi Từ Biệt
|de   = Nicht gut bei Verabschiedungen
|id   = Kita Tidak Ahli dalam Perpisahan
|pt   = Despedidas Não São Meu Forte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
