{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Sealing Wax Manufacture Machine
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Occurrence
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Sealing Wax Manufacture Machine''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You look at the scene before you: It is raining in the Black Forest, and there are dew drops on every leaf. The rain saddens you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You wander around in the Black Forest amid the drizzle and arrive at a blacksmith's store by the roadside. A machine is immersed in churning out sealing wax and hammering away in full concentration until your presence interrupts its work.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Do you want to ask me about the sealing wax?" It has a penetrating gaze.
;(If Intra-Cognition is between 10 and 40 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Sealing Wax Casting.|Discard 1 Sealing Wax Curio and immediately obtain 3 of the Sealing Wax's Path's Blessing(s).}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Sealing Wax Blessing. &mdash; For every type of Sealing Wax Curio, obtain 1 of each Sealing Wax's Path's Blessing(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Sealing Wax Enhancement. &mdash; For every type of Sealing Wax Curio, Enhance 2 of each Sealing Wax's Path's Blessing(s).
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'll still be making sealing wax here for another 100 years," the manufacturing machine says, and then gets back to its hammer.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sealing Wax Manufacture Machine
|zhs  = 火漆制造机
|zht  = 火漆製造機
|ja   = {{Rubi|封蝋製造機|ふうろうせいぞうき}}
|ko   = 봉랍 제조기
|es   = Máquina de producción de lacre
|fr   = Machine de production de Cire à cacheter
|ru   = Машина по производству сургуча
|th   = เครื่องผลิตขี้ผึ้ง
|vi   = Máy Tạo Nút
|de   = Maschine zur Herstellung von Siegelwachs
|id   = Mesin Produksi Sealing Wax
|pt   = Máquina de Fabricação de Cera Seladora
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
