{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You slide your leather gloves on with practice. As a Roamer, you can assassinate *the brain* of a domain with your eyes closed.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Indeed... In these Swarm-swollen days, it's no surprise that there are rebels trying to go against the flow. Although you are not rewarded handsomely for your work as a temporary mercenary, you count yourself lucky that you still have your partner, the Device Assistant, by your side.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' But now... things are getting tricky. You find yourself surrounded by some "small fries"... Gripping your radio, you consider whether to contact your partner.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Invite the "Device Assistant" to arrange remotely. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). (The Swarm's alertness will be slightly increased)
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:;(Outcome 1, 80% chance)
::;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Propagation)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You get through to your partner using the radio.
:;(Outcome 2, 20% chance)
::;(All allies lose 70% of their current HP)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your electrical currents seem to be intercepted by an unknown spiritual entity... Feeling on edge, you wonder whether it is because the alert level of *the brain* of the domain has been raised.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take care of the surrounding Swarm. &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Juvenile Sting*4}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You are ready to move on... You should be acting very cautiously.
{{Dialogue End}}