<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm: Mind of the Domain (First Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19201
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Swarm: Mind of the Domain (First Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Invite the "Device Assistant" to arrange remotely.
|result_1 = Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). (The Swarm's alertness will be slightly increased)

|choice_2 = Take care of the surrounding Swarm.
|result_2 = Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You slide your leather gloves on with practice. As a Roamer, you can assassinate *the brain* of a domain with your eyes closed.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Indeed... In these Swarm-swollen days, it's no surprise that there are rebels trying to go against the flow. Although you are not rewarded handsomely for your work as a temporary mercenary, you count yourself lucky that you still have your partner, the Device Assistant, by your side.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' But now... things are getting tricky. You find yourself surrounded by some "small fries"... Gripping your radio, you consider whether to contact your partner.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Invite the "Device Assistant" to arrange remotely. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s). (The Swarm's alertness will be slightly increased)
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:;(Outcome 1, 80% chance)
::;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Propagation)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You get through to your partner using the radio.
:;(Outcome 2, 20% chance)
::;(All allies lose 70% of their current HP)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your electrical currents seem to be intercepted by an unknown spiritual entity... Feeling on edge, you wonder whether it is because the alert level of *the brain* of the domain has been raised.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take care of the surrounding Swarm. &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 1 "Propagation" Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity. (The Swarm's alertness will be greatly increased)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Juvenile Sting*4}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You are ready to move on... You should be acting very cautiously.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm: Mind of the Domain (First Praetorian)
|zhs  = 虫潮•区域脑体（一级卫戍）
|zht  = 蟲潮•區域腦體（一級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|潮|しお}}・{{Rubi|区域脳|くいきのう}}（{{Rubi|一級守備|いっきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 곤충 파도•구역 두뇌체(1급 경비)
|es   = Enjambre: Mente de zona (primer pretoriano)
|fr   = Esprit de la Zone de l'Essaim (premier prétorien)
|ru   = Жужжание: Разум зоны (гарнизон ур. 1)
|th   = คลื่นแมลง: มันสมองแห่งอาณาเขต (กองกำลังระดับ 1)
|vi   = Côn Trùng - Khu Vực Đầu Não (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 1)
|de   = Der Schwarm: Gehirn der Region (Garnisonsstufe 1)
|id   = Swarm: Otak dari Zona (Garnisun Tingkat 1)
|pt   = Enxame: Mente do Domínio (Primeiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}