{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 3)
|image         = Random Event Twin.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 3)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This time, you are mentally prepared for it. When you see the cuckoo clock fanatic with curly chestnut hair walking in your direction, you are convinced that nothing will make him give up. However, you are ready to face him!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oh, my old friend! It's been a long time! I've just bid farewell with all the inorganic beings in the Black Forest." The cuckoo clock fanatic starts sobbing when he sees you. "I've contacted the Business Development Department of the IPC, and they've promised to help us promote our fan club in the universe! We'll be a stronger team soon!"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' There are a lot of newly excavated cuckoo clocks behind him...
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -40 and 0 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Trade your most cherished cuckoo clock with him.|Discard 2 cuckoo clock series negative Curio(s) and gain 2 3-star Blessing(s).}}
:;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Cavity System Model|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Cavity_System_Model}} in exchange for the same number of random 3-star Blessings)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He is over the moon! You finally comprehend the great work he spent his life setting into motion - The great work of making everyone understand the joy of ensembled tradeable cuckoo clocks!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept a cuckoo clock again. &mdash; Obtain 1 random cuckoo clock series Negative Curio and a 3-star Blessing.
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{tx}}<!--ID: 32020-->)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You can feel yourself succumbing helplessly and turning into a cuckoo clock fanatic...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange the cuckoo clocks you've gathered with him. &mdash; Give all cuckoo clocks to your opponent in exchange for the same number of Curios.
:;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Cavity System Model|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Cavity_System_Model}} in exchange for the same number of random Normal Curios)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He is over the moon! You finally comprehend the great work he spent his life setting into motion - The great work of making everyone understand the joy of ensembled tradeable cuckoo clocks!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange the cuckoo clocks you've gathered with him. &mdash; Give all cuckoo clocks to your opponent in exchange for the same number of Blessings.
:;(Discard 100 Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Cavity System Model|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Cavity_System_Model}} in exchange for the same number of random 1-3 star Blessings)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He is over the moon! You finally comprehend the great work he spent his life setting into motion - The great work of making everyone understand the joy of ensembled tradeable cuckoo clocks!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 3)
|zhs  = 咕咕钟狂热粉丝（其三）
|zht  = 咕咕鐘狂熱愛好者（其三）
|ja   = {{Rubi|鳩時計|はとどけい}}の{{Rubi|熱狂的|ねっきょうてき}}ファン（3）
|ko   = 뻐꾸기 시계의 광팬 (3)
|es   = El fanático del reloj de cuco III
|fr   = Collectionneur de coucous (partie 3)
|ru   = Фанат часов с кукушкой III
|th   = แฟนคลับผู้คลั่งไคล้ Cuckoo Clock (3)
|vi   = Fan Cuồng Đồng Hồ Cúc Cu 3
|de   = Der Kuckucksuhren-Fanatiker (Teil 3)
|id   = Fanatik Jam Cuckoo (3)
|pt   = O Fanático dos Relógios Cuco (Parte 3)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
