{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 132-0
|image         = Random Event undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Akivili;Nous;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 132-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' "Well done, (Trailblazer)." [[Herta]] wrinkles her nose. "Look, a place you're familiar with. I'm guessing we're not too far from greeting the Aeons."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "It's not your typical rite of respect either. We were chosen by them." [[Ruan Mei]] nonchalantly reminds. "Within their calculations, we will start our research at the third minute and forty-first second of this system's time."
:'''Herta:''' "Yes, yes." Herta mutters perfunctorily. "How long do we have to wait then?"
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "I reckon they should have a reaction to [[Akivili]]'s appearance." Ruan Mei pauses momentarily, then adds, "Of course, (Trailblazer) still has to collect classified intel to deal with the IPC."
:'''Herta:''' "That's right. (Trailblazer)'s got an important task ahead." Herta says. "Each Genius pays their respects to [[Nous]] &mdash; the real Aeon, mind you. You can query them at any time, but they will almost never respond... Err, you're Akivili, so they'll probably be more interested in you."
:'''Herta:''' "As for the simulated Droidhead, I wonder if they..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Herta's voice is suddenly cut off. Your thoughts become heavy &mdash; some data flows into your nerves with precision. You know this opening all too well. But subsequently, you feel your cognition gradually expanding... A world built on performance, chicanery, opportunity, society, betrayal and law spreads out before you...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Faster and faster, this new *cognition* overwrites the old *cognition*, with even newer updates on the way. You have no time to react, while your consciousness hurtles without pause &mdash; deleting, rewriting, and overwriting. Your thoughts are fettered by some unknown *strength*. Your mind churns at an unfathomable speed!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Delete files within the Simulated Universe.)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' No! A voice screams. You can't do this! Now isn't the moment!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your thoughts jolt to a halt, a path of *cognition* reaching its end, and another path of *cognition* begins anew. Each *cognition* path lies within their grip, surfacing above the water within their exact calculations. The new *cognition* reinforces the experiences of your abandoned *cognition*, which in turn enhances the nature of seeking out even more *cognition*. Your mind has been reduced to a tool &mdash; no, it has evolved into one!
:'''Nous:''' They have appeared: They will definitively appear at this very second. In myriad extrapolations, their radiance descends upon the vast universe for all eyes. Their figure is mythically massive, gears and cables marvelously intertwined together. They observe, calculate, and seek to understand all. They question, verify, and obtain resolution. Apart from these, they do nothing else.
:'''Nous:''' ...Monarch of Myriad Machines, {{Color|Keyword|Nous}}. They know too much. You can ask them anything. Before them, humanity embodies utter ignorance. The experiences and knowledge in your head, they are... minutely irrelevant.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You feel a tinge of solemn despair, and it is a complex feeling. But even that is still within *their* calculations. You can ask them questions, and they will answer generously. But even then, you are still awash with despair &mdash; they already know your question, and have already come to an answer. You are absolutely certain of that.
:'''Herta:''' "Droidhead!" Herta is still momentarily shocked. Her usual scorn is missing, and she struggles to find her words. "Yes, Droidhead. Long time... I should say hello to you? I'm not good with these things. Ah &mdash; Wait! I see it!"
:'''Screwllum:''' "Prevention." [[Screwllum]] appears. He uses the back of his mechanical hand to block Herta's line of sight. "Affirmation: It is dangerous."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Monarch of Myriad Machines, Nous. Even if it's just a simulation, I was reminded of the first moment I was glimpsed by Them." Ruan Mei's eyes are closed, the end of her sentence marked with a sliver of tremor. "I can see it too."
:'''Herta:''' "I see us..." Herta's voice becomes softer. "Dead in the next '{{Color|Keyword|moment}}.'"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = undefined
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
