{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Supreme Organic: God's Three Revelations (II)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 11.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Supreme Organic: God's Three Revelations (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Korapao, I'm unable to derive the original Anti-Organic Equation, but I can synthesize another one." A doctor writes in an agonized tone, "By placing all resources and lives in the universe on two sides of the equation, I'm infinitely close to deriving the logic of the Anti-Organic Equation. As a result, poverty, wealth, violence, and power are created during the process. At the same time, pain and happiness are produced. It's difficult to distinguish between the two variables. I have tried severing the link between them for 4328 times, and I failed every time."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sever it again.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You cannot... sever it.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Question: How do inorganic lives perceive pain? When the Anti-Organic Equation is running, will they be able to understand pain? Even if I can replicate the equation, I won't be willing to activate it."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop the *Anti-Organic Equation*.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You cannot... stop the *Anti-Organic Equation*. You can only watch it run.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The war was brought to an end later. Survivors, both organic and inorganic, returned to a long-awaited peaceful life. Yet, most of them spent the rest of their life in destitution and trauma.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Equal pain returned to their dreams on countless nights. Sometimes, they were as dim as candlelights. Other times, they jumped out and almost took on a human form, turning into a mysterious creature.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Those mysterious candlelights weaved around within their bones and blood vessels. They could feel their blood filling with venom that was being transferred to their limbs, hearts, and brains.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Supreme Organic: God's Three Revelations (II)
|zhs   = 极致有机：「神的三个启示」•其二
|zht   = 極致有機：「神的三個啟示」•其二
|ja    = 有機の極致：「神の三つの啓示」・その2
|ko    = 궁극의 유기: 「신의 세 가지 계시」•2
|es    = Orgánico supremo: tres revelaciones divinas II
|fr    = Suprématie organique : Trois révélations (II)
|ru    = Высший органик: Три божественных откровения II
|th    = อินทรีย์ขั้นสุด: "คำใบ้ทั้งสามจากเทพเจ้า" (2)
|vi    = Hữu Cơ Tối Cao: 3 Gợi Ý Của Aeon 2
|de    = Organische Höchststufe: Drei göttliche Offenbarungen (II)
|id    = Organik Maksimal: "Tiga Petunjuk Dewa" (2)
|pt    = Orgânico Supremo: As Três Revelações de Deus (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
