<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Aether Phantom#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*4
|path2    = Propagation*4
|effect   = Increases max {{Extra Effect|Spores|60000017}} to {{Color|h|5}}. After characters launch a Follow-up ATK, apply {{Color|h|3}} {{Extra Effect|Spore(s)|60000017}} to the target.
|mentions = Capital of Passion; Punklorde
}}
'''Aether Phantom''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The expanse of cyberspace is so vast that the laws of aether editing can stretch from Punklorde to the Capital of Passion. People put their tongues and ears into electronic screens, unleashing all their suppressed desires. You duplicate specters of your consciousness and then divide them again, sprinkling them all over the murky waters. They clamor with the buzz under hot topics, inciting arguments or deceiving others.<br /><br />You are an excellent performer, presenting various comedic shows. One specter plays the fool, another mocks, and another calls for applause. When you lot criticize someone, the audience despises the same. When you lot scream, the audience roars with you. What a delightful story! The chaotic voices resemble the tentacles of the Ultifa octopus! You dive into the sea of numbers to drown out the united laughter with the splash.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Aether Phantom
|zhs  = 以太幽灵
|zht  = 乙太幽靈
|ja   = エーテルゴースト
|ko   = 에테르 유령
|es   = Espectro etéreo
|fr   = Esprit éthéré
|ru   = Эфирный фантом
|th   = ภูตอีเธอร์
|vi   = Hồn Ma Aether
|de   = Ätherphantom
|id   = Aether Phantom
|pt   = Fantasma de Éter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}