<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Anti-Organic Liquidator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*4
|path2    = Destruction*4
|effect   = When a character uses an Ultimate, consumes HP from all allies equal to {{Color|h|5%}} of their current HP and increases their DMG dealt by {{Color|h|30%}} to a max of {{Color|h|4}} stack(s), lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Anti-Organic Liquidator''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You walk on a barren planet that used to be teeming with clamorous organic life, at least before the rise of the star. You are perplexed, wondering why such flawed objects that are full of logical fallacies can dominate the universe. However, You don't need to figure it out, because the correctness of the Anti-Organic Equation has been verified numerous times.<br /><br />You adjust the receptors of the sensors upward by thirty-one degrees. You seized the spaceship of the pursuers who overcame the emperor's forces and arrived here. After eliminating them, you will also move on to the next planet. High thermal energy attacks are approaching, which aligns with the algorithm's estimations. You will lose the right side of your spaceship in 3.95 seconds standard time.<br /><br />The equation has started operating. This affirms the definition of organic life. To conserve energy, please cease the attack in 7.22 standard seconds.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Anti-Organic Liquidator
|zhs  = 反有机杀手
|zht  = 反有機殺手
|ja   = {{Rubi|反有機|はんゆうき}}キラー
|ko   = 반유기 킬러
|es   = Asesin{{MC|f=a|m=o}} antiorgánic{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Liquidateur anti-organique
|ru   = Антиорганический ликвидатор
|th   = มือสังหารต่อต้านอินทรีย์
|vi   = Sát Thủ Phản Hữu Cơ
|de   = Antiorganischer Eliminator
|id   = Anti-Organic Liquidator
|pt   = Liquidador Anti-Orgânico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}