<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Astral Computer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Remembrance*5
|path2    = Erudition*3
|effect   = When an enemy target leaves the Frozen state, all allies regenerate {{Color|h|4}} Energy. When enemies' {{Trait|Dissociation}} state is dispelled, allies additionally regenerate {{Color|h|8}} Energy.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Astral Computer''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is such a long story... You immerse in the coolant as data passes through the pipe.<br /><br />In the era where the stars were in their past positions and the entire universe was cold and silent, the greedy scholars built enormous eyes in the darkness in an attempt to view all the colors of the future. Their future turned out to be much shorter than imagined, but those eyes remembered everything.<br /><br />You predicted the birth and death of the stars. The changes took place quickly &mdash; they were devoured by ancient beasts and visited by the Swarm. Soon, the surroundings became quiet again, and only the eyes remembered the changes. Without you realizing it, the nomads who wandered here established a new nation on your body. They were once ambitious until their idealistic nation was drowned by war... Only you remember it.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Astral Computer
|zhs  = 星体计算机
|zht  = 星體電腦
|ja   = {{Rubi|天体計算機|てんたいけいさんき}}
|ko   = 천체 컴퓨터
|es   = Computadora estelar
|fr   = Ordinateur astral
|ru   = Звёздный компьютер
|th   = คอมพิวเตอร์ดวงดาว
|vi   = Máy Tính Tinh Thể
|de   = Astralcomputer
|id   = Astral Computer
|pt   = Computador Astral
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}