<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Astral Ecology Care Worker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*5
|path2    = Preservation*3
|effect   = Increases Ultimate DMG taken by enemy targets by {{Color|h|75%}}. Charges "{{Extra Effect|Brain in a Vat|61000044}}" by {{Color|h|12%}} when Shielded characters are attacked.
|mentions = Interastral Peace Corporation
}}
'''Astral Ecology Care Worker''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The first time you hear the story of the Fairweinean, you feel a surge of hope. These liquid beings thrive in the shallow seas of a frozen world, reshaping matter through resonance. If only their secrets could be revealed, countless persistent diseases could be eradicated. But the relentless exploitation of stars melted the ice, and by the time the remnants of their civilization were discovered, the last droplets had long since evaporated.<br /><br />You seek a harmonious give-and-take, where one side offers value and the other grants life. You thwart the IPC's plan to exploit Reidmann, leaving sparks behind to honor the ancient Terrorbird ritual. You guide wandering ice crystal cicadas back to their home planet, creating a sanctuary for the last swarms of pseudoinorganic jellyfish. No life is without worth. Every living creature waits for science to bestow upon them meaning.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Astral Ecology Care Worker
|zhs  = 星空生态护工
|zht  = 星空生態護工
|ja   = {{Rubi|星空|ほしぞら}}のエコ{{Rubi|介助者|かいじょしゃ}}
|ko   = 은하 생태 보호사
|es   = Protección de la ecología astral
|fr   = Praticien en écologie astrale
|ru   = Санитар звёздной экологии
|th   = ผู้ดูแลนิเวศอวกาศ
|vi   = Người Bảo Vệ Sinh Thái Thiên Văn
|de   = Pflegearbeiter der Astralökologie
|id   = Astral Ecology Care Worker
|pt   = Cuidador da Escola de Ecologia Astral
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}