<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Block Builder#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*4
|path2    = Nihility*4
|effect   = After characters use an attack, every debuff active on the attacked targets increases the character's ATK by {{Color|h|3%}} to a max of {{Color|h|99}} stack(s). When the turn ends, lose {{Color|h|10}} stacks of this ATK boost.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Block Builder''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Intellect is a game of thinking. Humans naively pick out pretty rocks from a sandy beach and claim to have grasped the truth of the world. This so-called "mansion of knowledge" is nothing more than scattered building blocks that outsiders can stack as they please.<br /><br />You once saw a shameless scholar who used money to pay off any voices that would refute the findings of his research, such that he became a prophet in the eyes of the people. His falsified materials slowed scientific research by three Amber Eras. You also once witnessed a true genius whose thinking preceded his time, and his great cure for incurable diseases destroyed the careers of thousands of interstellar medical practitioners. He was therefore regarded by these doctors as a lunatic and committed to an asylum.<br /><br />If that is the case, why can't you be the person to hold the building blocks? Knowledge is no more than an illusion. As long as people believe, even a worm can win debates against the stellar gods.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Block Builder
|zhs  = 积木师
|zht  = 積木師
|ja   = {{Rubi|積|つ}}み{{Rubi|木|き}}{{Rubi|師|し}}
|ko   = 블록 디자이너
|es   = Constructor de bloques
|fr   = Constructeur de blocs
|ru   = Строитель из кубиков
|th   = นักสร้างบล็อกตัวต่อ
|vi   = Thợ Gỗ Xếp
|de   = Bauklotzmeister
|id   = Block Builder
|pt   = Construtor de Blocos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}