<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bookwriter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Remembrance*5
|path2    = Nihility*3
|effect   = When enemy targets are Frozen, inflicts {{Color|h|10}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Suspicion|60000012}}." After suffering DoT, there is a {{Color|h|20%}} base chance the target will enter the Frozen state for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). Every enemy target can only enter the Frozen state through this method 1 time every {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Bookwriter''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|How many stories fade into oblivion, as if they never existed? You have watched a fleet loaded with energy storage receptacles plunge into the depths of Interstellar Energy War, never to return &mdash; your friends, your loved ones. You have roamed a crystalline planet where cloudbirds soared with their ion-combed feathers, only to see it vanish from existence &mdash; your hometown, your home planet.<br /><br />How many hardships and heroes have faded into the annals of time, as if they never arrived or made an effort? You must pierce the blackened memoria, fishing for the memory fragments it has consumed, and inscribe them on the pages of history. You will prove their footprints in the empty bowels of nihility.<br /><br />Your body has been eroded to the point where distinguishing reality from dreams is impossible. Yet, you must continue to pen books for the universe!}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bookwriter
|zhs  = 著书人
|zht  = 著書人
|ja   = {{Rubi|書|しょ}}を{{Rubi|著|あらわ}}す{{Rubi|者|もの}}
|ko   = 책을 쓰는 자
|es   = Escritor
|fr   = Écrivain
|ru   = Книжный писатель
|th   = นักเขียน
|vi   = Người Viết Sách
|de   = Schriftsteller
|id   = Bookwriter
|pt   = Autor de Livros
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}