<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bounty Hunter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = The Hunt*4
|path2    = Elation*4
|effect   = When a character's attack deals CRIT DMG, there is a {{Color|h|65%}} fixed chance to additionally deal a set amount of CRIT DMG equal to 1–100% of the original DMG for {{Color|h|1}} time(s). This is considered as Follow-up ATK DMG.
|mentions = Bounty Hunters
}}
'''Bounty Hunter''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You reveal the leaderboard with a bang and snap a photo. Ka-ching! Out goes the cash. As the most famous hunter of Comet Bar, you only take on the riskiest deals, unlike those cowards who only bully the weak. There are plenty of outlaws on the run in this vast Cosmos, and they are walking bags of cash waiting for you to reap when you capture them.<br /><br />You blast open the battleship of the interstellar pirates and effortlessly eliminate the guards charging your way. Their lousy marksmanship leaves a gaping hole in your prosthetic body, making your job slightly more challenging. You kick a green toad out of your way and do a head count according to the wanted posters. A bearded cockroach, a birdman covered in steel armor, and a few unsightly fellows. You pull the trigger, already calculating how many days you'll be able to live in purchased joy with this job's rewards.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bounty Hunter
|zhs  = 赏金猎人
|zht  = 賞金獵人
|ja   = {{Rubi|賞金稼|しょうきんかせ}}ぎ
|ko   = 바운티 헌터
|es   = Cazarrecompensas
|fr   = Chasseur de primes
|ru   = Охотник за головами
|th   = นักล่าเงินรางวัล
|vi   = Thợ Săn Tiền Thưởng
|de   = Kopfgeldjäger
|id   = Bounty Hunter
|pt   = Caçador de Recompensas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}