<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Calamity Worker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Propagation*5
|path2    = Preservation*3
|effect   = When a character gains a Shield, causes {{Color|h|2}} random enemy target(s) to gain 1 {{Extra Effect|Spore|60000017}}. {{Extra Effect|Spore|60000017}}'s DMG multiplier increases by {{Color|h|75%}} of the original multiplier.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Calamity Worker''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|After climbing the great glaciers of Taranon, you gobble down the last remnants of your food supply. The far north of this planet is so barren that you don't even have the energy to propagate. Because of that, you won't be pursued by those steel beasts. You plow through the snow on the surface and nibble away the hard ice covering the mountain. Beneath the ice lies a thin layer of grass, which is a sign of life. Finally, you would be able to accomplish your mission.<br /><br />You keep the eggs, full of offspring, in your belly and shield them from the wind and the snow with fur. You climb to a windward valley and lie down peacefully. Death will soon befall you, even without the enemy's bullets.<br /><br />But when the winter passes, your offspring will hatch and feed on your frozen corpse. This planet will then belong to the newborn Swarm.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Calamity Worker
|zhs  = 孕灾蠧役
|zht  = 孕災蠧役
|ja   = {{Rubi|災|わざわ}}いを{{Rubi|生|う}}む{{Rubi|虫卒|ちゅうそつ}}
|ko   = 재난을 낳는 곤충 병사
|es   = Obrer{{MC|f=a|m=o}} nutredesastres
|fr   = Porteur de calamité
|ru   = Раб катастрофы
|th   = แมลงหายนะ
|vi   = Kẻ Phục Dịch Tai Ương
|de   = Drohne des Unheils
|id   = Calamity Worker
|pt   = Servo da Calamidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}