<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Civilization Correspondent#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Preservation*4
|path2    = Erudition*4
|effect   = When characters use their Ultimate, they gain a Shield that can offset DMG equal to {{Color|h|30%}} of their Max HP, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s). After dealing Ultimate DMG with an attack, deals {{Trait|Quake}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|600%}} of the character's current Shield Effect to the attacked targets.
|mentions = Interastral Peace Corporation
}}
'''Civilization Correspondent''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|If there is one thing that should be despised by you, it is the barbaric concept that the weak are no more than prey to the strong. No matter how great a civilization may be, if their knowledge cannot reach the great heights of the sun in the sky, then it's doomed to be reduced to no more than a vassal. In the eyes of the IPC and other great forces, these nascent lifeforms are no more than cheap labor at the location of raw material extraction.<br /><br />You bring knowledge to the stars and attempt to force this knowledge on its inhabitants, letting these children suckle on wisdom as much as they want. From savage hunting to taking to outer space, the wheels of civilization are moving too fast to be stopped now. Much like a babbling child learns to run after sunset, a Torment Eagle that just breaks out of its shell takes flight immediately after its first call.<br /><br />In a generation where danger lies at every turn, the only way to ensure the safety of your civilization is to run forward at all cost.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Civilization Correspondent
|zhs  = 文明函授员
|zht  = 文明函授員
|ja   = {{Rubi|文明通信教育員|ぶんめいつうしんきょういくいん}}
|ko   = 문명 전파자
|es   = Correspondencia civilizada
|fr   = Correspondance de civilisation
|ru   = Заочная цивилизация
|th   = ผู้สื่ออารยธรรม
|vi   = Hàm Thụ Viên Văn Minh
|de   = Korrespondenzlehrer für Zivilisation
|id   = Civilization Correspondent
|pt   = Correspondentes Civilizacionais
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}