<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Court of Homogeneity#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = The Hunt*5
|path2    = Destruction*3
|effect   = When an enemy target attacks and if there are character(s) that have {{Trait|Critical Boost}}, increases the DMG taken by the enemy target by {{Color|h|40%}}, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). Meanwhile, Action Advance characters with {{Trait|Critical Boost}}. Each stack of {{Trait|Critical Boost}} Action Advances the character by {{Color|h|5%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Court of Homogeneity''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Another judgment is about to begin, but you already know the conclusion. When humans use countless concepts to explain sin, only equal and opposite revenge can truly solve all conundrums of morality. The court summons shall arrive alongside the sounds of cannon fire, and the destruction of the court illustrates true primal justice.<br /><br />They who steal personal belongings would have their bodies eradicated by a beam of light. The recompense shall be calculated from their destroyed remains. They who invade any other's home with war would have their home planet kissed by slaughter. The number to be destroyed shall be calculated by the number of the dead. Not one credit shall be paid in excess, and not one drop of blood shall be forgotten.<br /><br />As you slam the gavel of judgment, the trial needs not to proceed. The great ship of the court has already taken flight to deliver justice to the entire universe.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Court of Homogeneity
|zhs  = 同态法庭
|zht  = 同態法庭
|ja   = {{Rubi|同形性法廷|どうけいせいほうてい}}
|ko   = 동질성 법정
|es   = Tribunal de la homogeneidad
|fr   = Patio de l'homogénéité
|ru   = Суд однородности
|th   = ศาลเท่าเทียม
|vi   = Pháp Đình Đồng Nhất
|de   = Gerichtshof des Homomorphismus
|id   = Court of Homogeneity
|pt   = Corte da Homogeneidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}