<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Death Denier#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Nihility*5
|path2    = Abundance*3
|effect   = Increases characters' DoT dealt by {{Color|h|160%}}. After applying a debuff on enemy targets, increases the character's Max HP by {{Color|h|2%}} to a maximum of {{Color|h|20}} stack(s), lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Death Denier''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You awaken in your cold hospital bed as the sweet smell of food makes you nearly sick. Trans-Kersti Syndrome is a complete breakdown of the body starting with the immune system. As you look over to the side of your bed, you see the water tank that held Purlang's cephalopod patient not long ago, whose non-stop mumbling in the tank would keep you awake all night. The scholars on the news are showing viewers bottles that load black holes, but black holes are so far from you and you cannot leave your hospital room. Anything outside of this cube is a space that may as well not exist to you.<br /><br />Survival is like an endless struggle. Some win, some lose, and some choose to quit. Even though death is always patiently waiting at the end, you remain resolute that you will take your first victory before you meet it.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Death Denier
|zhs  = 拒死者
|zht  = 拒死者
|ja   = {{Rubi|死|し}}を{{Rubi|拒|こば}}む{{Rubi|者|もの}}
|ko   = 죽음을 거부하는 자
|es   = Negativa a la muerte
|fr   = Refus de la mort
|ru   = Отрицающий смерть
|th   = ผู้ไม่ยอมตาย
|vi   = Kẻ Cự Tuyệt Cái Chết
|de   = Todesverweigerer
|id   = Death Denier
|pt   = Negador da Morte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}