<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Deceiver Worker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Propagation*5
|path2    = Erudition*3
|effect   = Increases max {{Extra Effect|Spores|60000017}} by {{Color|h|3}}. After a character uses an attack that deals Ultimate DMG and if the attacked target's {{Extra Effect|Spore|60000017}} bursts, then additionally deals Ultimate DMG equal to {{Color|h|250%}} of the character's ATK to the target. Every {{Extra Effect|Spore|60000017}} burst by this attack increases this DMG multiplier by {{Color|h|30%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Deceiver Worker''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The flames of war spread across the sky, combusting even the clouds. The insectoids, baring their teeth and claws, rush to their deaths and then fall limply. Meanwhile, you hide in a corner of the ruins, using colors to camouflage your body.<br /><br />Survival is a great deception. You forsake your primal form, coating your exoskeleton with ashes and mud and making your six legs gleam like bricks and tiles. The faces of prey on your fangs weep, and cries for help resonate amid the scent of blood.<br /><br />Your enemies melt in the pits, and your offspring are born with their bellies full. Yet, you are still not satisfied because the war has yet to end. You aim to diminish your size, even remove your exoskeleton. You need to morph into a weak appearance and imitate your enemies' mouths until they embrace you as a "friend," until the bountiful stores of food are open to you...}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Deceiver Worker
|zhs  = 惑世蠧役
|zht  = 惑世蠧役
|ja   = {{Rubi|世|よ}}を{{Rubi|惑|まど}}わす{{Rubi|虫卒|ちゅうそつ}}
|ko   = 혼세의 곤충 병사
|es   = Obrer{{MC|f=a|m=o}} confundemundos
|fr   = Porteur de tromperie
|ru   = Лжец катастрофы
|th   = แมลงลวงโลก
|vi   = Kẻ Dối Lừa Tai Ương
|de   = Drohne der Täuschung
|id   = Deceiver Worker
|pt   = Servo Enganador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}