<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ecological Administrator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Preservation*5
|path2    = Abundance*3
|effect   = When characters deal {{Extra Effect|Quake|60000001}} DMG, every character at Max HP will increase the current {{Extra Effect|Quake|60000001}} DMG multiplier by {{Color|h|35%}} of the original multiplier.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Ecological Administrator''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Through the dome of the ecosystem, you have an unobstructed view of the lush interior of the cabin. Tens of millions of residents come from lost worlds and obtain this safe haven they could only dream of. The space station, hovering high above the outer orbits of Asto-II, graciously opens its arms to those with tears of grief.<br /><br />You wave your arm and let it drizzle. When new shoots start growing, you awaken the sunlight. Insignificant humans harness the magnificent power of nature in an insignificant world, not for destruction, but to protect the vulnerable creatures in the world. You pick a fiery red fruit from the forest you have watered yourself. It tastes so sweet that even the fruit farmers would drool at the sight. People sing and dance, throwing you high into the air in celebration of the first bumper harvest.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ecological Administrator
|zhs  = 生态管理员
|zht  = 生態管理員
|ja   = {{Rubi|生態管理員|せいたいかんりいん}}
|ko   = 생태계 관리자
|es   = Administrado{{MC|f=ra|m=r}} ecológic{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Gestionnaire de l'environnement
|ru   = Управляющий экологией
|th   = ผู้ดูแลระบบนิเวศ
|vi   = Người Quản Lý Sinh Thái
|de   = Ökologischer Verwalter
|id   = Ecological Administrator
|pt   = Administrador Ecológico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}