<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Eternal Stranger#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Abundance*5
|path2    = The Hunt*3
|effect   = When {{Trait|Dewdrop}} Charges, for every 1% of CRIT Rate the character has, there is a {{Color|h|1%}} fixed chance to increase the Charge value. The increased ratio equals to {{Color|h|50%}} of the character's CRIT DMG.
|mentions = Yaoshi
}}
'''Eternal Stranger''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Immortality is the undying curse, as well as eternity's blessing. All living beings suffer, but there is no one to help them. You sought an elixir from the divine traces of Yaoshi, listened to THEIR compassionate teachings, and embarked on the never-ending journey of rescuing the suffering.<br /><br />The regent of Kumjade melted the steel on the entire planet to forge 30 million pairs of eyes and ears to monitor every movement of the citizens. Rising from the wailing of the children, you march to the royal capital and behead the regent. The evil demon of Purlang weaved through the nebulas, devouring ships with its treacherous tentacles. You ride a slender boat into its abdomen and carve out its heart.<br /><br />Willows wrap around your chest and reach to your waist. The mortal wounds heal, signaling your journey is far from reaching its end. The immortals have their own responsibilities. You pick up the sword that could slice through steel and iron, listening to the pleas for help from the stars.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Eternal Stranger
|zhs  = 长生陌客
|zht  = 長生陌客
|ja   = {{Rubi|長命|ちょうめい}}の{{Rubi|見知|みし}}らぬ{{Rubi|人|ひと}}
|ko   = 장생의 낯선 자
|es   = Foraster{{MC|f=a|m=o}} inmortal
|fr   = Voyageur éternel
|ru   = Вечный странник
|th   = คนแปลกหน้าตลอดกาล
|vi   = Khách Lạ Trường Sinh
|de   = Unsterblicher Fremder
|id   = Eternal Stranger
|pt   = Estranho Eterno
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}