<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Executor of Vengeance#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Nihility*5
|path2    = The Hunt*3
|effect   = After a character uses an attack, inflicts {{Color|h|3}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Suspicion|60000012}}" on the attacked target. Increases Vulnerability provided by "{{Extra Effect|Suspicion|60000012}}" by {{Color|h|20%}}. When characters hit enemy targets afflicted with "{{Extra Effect|Suspicion|60000012}}," increase CRIT DMG dealt based on {{Color|h|80%}} of the Vulnerability provided by "{{Extra Effect|Suspicion|60000012}}."
|mentions = 
}}
'''Executor of Vengeance''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Information of the commission sinks into the depths of the crystal, delivering precise and unambiguous coordinates. You navigate through the shielding of the cognitive recognition field, purchase a ticket to the outskirts of the city and access rights to ten cubic meters of oxygen before ascending the creaky stairs to the rickety apartment. An Intellitron with less than 10,000 system hours of runtime &mdash; a young man. Is it a vendetta, a love affair, or a business feud? You pass through the quarantine door, gun aimed squarely at his brow.<br /><br />Confused, his logic circuits rapidly process the situation. He knows who is trying to kill him &mdash; and why. So, he pays you handsomely. You return with a core and leave with two heads. If revenge breeds more revenge, then let death end the chain of hatred. It's not curiosity driving you. You're merely fulfilling their wishes.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Executor of Vengeance
|zhs  = 冤仇代行
|zht  = 冤仇代行
|ja   = {{Rubi|仇取|かたきと}}り{{Rubi|代行|だいこう}}
|ko   = 원한 대행인
|es   = Reemplazo de venganza
|fr   = Exécuteur de représailles
|ru   = Замена мести
|th   = ผู้รับแก้แค้น
|vi   = Thay Thế Oán Thù
|de   = Stellvertreter der Vergeltung
|id   = A Substitute to Vengeance
|pt   = Executor da Vingança
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}