<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fiction's Arbiter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = The Hunt*5
|path2    = Remembrance*3
|effect   = Increases DMG dealt in the next turn by {{Color|h|2%}} for each {{Color|h|1%}} actual action advance effect the character receives, up to a max of {{Color|h|100%}} action advance. This effect is additionally increased against Frozen enemy targets by {{Color|h|50%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Fiction's Arbiter''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|What sins are more farcical than fiction? The traitor who betrayed an organic world, who personally executed the general who attempted to surrender, became the savior of the Third Battle of Skylanders. The bandit who swindled twelve border star systems, draining all of their money dry, became a philanthropist rarely seen in the cosmos. After a hundred years, where would be the line between good and evil?<br /><br />You lack the calm of a Candelagraph Historian and are still lost in the recklessness of fixing truth. As long as sin is not judged, the falsified deeds will continue. You will shatter their quills, bind their hands and feet, and etch judgment into their bones.<br /><br />It will be a long journey of vengeance for the wronged dead souls, forming a blood sacrifice to fiction.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fiction's Arbiter
|zhs  = 虚构裁决官
|zht  = 虛構裁決官
|ja   = {{Rubi|虚構裁判官|きょこうさいばんかん}}
|ko   = 허구 재판관
|es   = Árbitro imaginario
|fr   = Arbitre de fiction
|ru   = Воображаемый судья
|th   = ผู้พิพากษาจำแลง
|vi   = Trọng Tài Hư Cấu
|de   = Erfundener Richter
|id   = Imagined Arbiter
|pt   = Árbitro Imaginário
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}