<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fireworks Master#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*5
|path2    = Destruction*3
|effect   = Follow-up ATK DMG dealt by characters increases by {{Color|h|50%}}. After a character launches a Follow-up ATK, deals to the attacked enemy target 1 instance of {{Trait|Aftertaste}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|500%}} of the total HP the character lost plus the HP they restored. Then, clears the accumulated HP changes. HP change is accumulated up to {{Color|h|200%}} of the character's Max HP.
|mentions = Aha
}}
'''Fireworks Master''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Come and enjoy this grand show as much as you can, my friends! You ignite the fuse in your hand, sending one sun after another to the sky. What? The sun is already up there? Don't get bogged down in the details. Open your eyes and capture this scintillating moment.<br /><br />The trendsetters in the universal era always hold the art of fireworks in contempt. People who seek eternity find it hard to understand the meaning of such fleeting destruction. As you snap your fingers, sparks of The Laughter flash and the dazzling explosions engulf their eternity. Destruction is an inherent trait of intelligent life, and even a child can find pleasure in it. Come on, it is raining candies from the fireworks! Come on, a void song whale has just popped out of the fireworks!<br /><br />You are the greatest artist of all time! An illustrator of brilliant destruction.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fireworks Master
|zhs  = 烟花大师
|zht  = 煙火大師
|ja   = {{Rubi|花火|はなび}}マスター
|ko   = 폭죽 마스터
|es   = Maestr{{MC|f=a|m=o}} pirotécnic{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Maître des feux d'artifice
|ru   = Мастер фейерверков
|th   = ปรมาจารย์ดอกไม้ไฟ
|vi   = Bậc Thầy Pháo Hoa
|de   = Meister des Feuerwerks
|id   = Firework Master
|pt   = Mestre dos Fogos de Artifício
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}