<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Graveward Lunatic#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Abundance*4
|path2    = Elation*4
|effect   = The characters' Max HP increases by {{Color|h|40%}}. After restoring HP equal to {{Color|h|200%}} of Max HP, the DMG multiplier of {{Trait|Aftertaste}} DMG dealt increases by {{Color|h|100%}} of the original DMG multiplier.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Graveward Lunatic''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|As you jump from the ionosphere of Planet Freya, the insane atmosphere ablates your flesh, peels off your skin, and ignites your bones before they re-grow, only to be reduced to a pulp on contact with the ground as hit the land. As you lie on the ground of the abandoned city, the bullets of the local hoodlums offer you a warm welcome. As they unleash their ammo, their wanton laughter slowly grows silent as it turns into fear.<br /><br />What could possibly be better than an immortal body? You could jump into the forest of Planet Reidmann, be devoured by a killer bird, and carve apart its body from inside its stomach. You wish to enjoy Tortani's bath once more, as the remnant radiation from its annihilation causes your skin to ulcerate and your blood to flow from all orifices. In your suffering and agony, you are filled with the tangible feeling of being alive.<br /><br />You die over and over again, just for greater and greater stimulation.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Graveward Lunatic
|zhs  = 向死狂人
|zht  = 向死狂人
|ja   = {{Rubi|死|し}}を{{Rubi|求|もと}}める{{Rubi|狂人|きょうじん}}
|ko   = 죽음을 원하는 광인
|es   = Demente hacia la muerte
|fr   = Fanatique de la mort
|ru   = Предсмертный безумец
|th   = คนบ้าใฝ่หาความตาย
|vi   = Kẻ Cuồng Cái Chết
|de   = Todesvernarrter
|id   = Graveward Lunatic
|pt   = Amante da Morte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}