<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Jester of Anatta#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Nihility*4
|path2    = Elation*4
|effect   = When a character launches a Follow-up ATK, there is a {{Color|h|150%}} base chance to apply 1 random debuff on the attacked target, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). The random debuffs include: Decrease DMG dealt by {{Color|h|15%}}, decrease DEF by {{Color|h|30%}}, and decrease SPD by {{Color|h|20%}}.
|mentions = Capital of Passion
}}
'''Jester of Anatta''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You swallow a Tami Protozoa's egg, which explodes like a bomb in your mouth the moment it comes into contact with your saliva. The audience cracks up at the sight and applauds your funny look, but they will soon forget about you and turn their attention to more exciting shows. You need to find something more eye-catching for your performance.<br /><br />It can be blowing up the farm in Hyai'i Federation, setting the Nosewalkers free to run on the streets. It can be stealing a tycoon's pocket watch, and being pursued by the private guards of the Capital of Passion. It is self-destructive and meaningless, but everyone will cheer for your absurd actions. They will burst into laughter, as they watch the funniest clown in the universe. When the stage crumbles in self-destruction, the audience leaves in disappointment. Lying in rags and debris, you mock your pathetic self.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Jester of Anatta
|zhs  = 无我丑角
|zht  = 無我丑角
|ja   = {{Rubi|無我夢中|むがむちゅう}}の{{Rubi|道化|どうけ}}
|ko   = 무아의 어릿광대
|es   = Buf{{MC|f=ona|m=ón}} de Anatta
|fr   = Bouffon d'Anatta
|ru   = Шут Анатмана
|th   = ตัวตลกที่ไร้ตัวตน
|vi   = Gã Hề Vô Ngã
|de   = Possenreißer von Anatta
|id   = Jester of Anatta
|pt   = Bobo da Corte de Anatta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}