<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Maniacal Chess Player#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*4
|path2    = Erudition*4
|effect   = Increase CRIT DMG dealt by characters' Follow-up ATKs by {{Color|h|100%}}. When using "{{Extra Effect|Brain in a Vat|61000044}}" to launch Ultimate and deal DMG to enemy targets, it is considered as a Follow-up ATK.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Maniacal Chess Player''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Technology, having strayed from the Aeons, now serves as a different god in the minds of countless people. With a few embellishments to lab data, worship will drag the future into the gutter of fallacy. As the flames of war ignite the fuses of weapons, the muted world will descend into a killing frenzy.<br /><br />You misinterpret the knowledge from the future, just to witness fools wield the powers of star segmenta to construct dramatic humanoid machines. You teach falsehoods and distortions, just to watch those in power wave the flag of misleading theories to safeguard their interests. Errant trajectories have toppled fleets of ships, while the deviation of directions has brought entire civilizations to their knees. The so-called technology is merely a game of aero-chess, manipulated by at will. You roll the dice, transforming the quest for knowledge into a frenzied game of death.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Maniacal Chess Player
|zhs  = 迷狂棋手
|zht  = 迷狂棋手
|ja   = {{Rubi|狂気|きょうき}}の{{Rubi|棋士|きし}}
|ko   = 광열의 기사(棋士)
|es   = Estratega fanático
|fr   = Joueur d'échecs frénétique
|ru   = Помешанный тактик
|th   = นักหมากจอมคลั่ง
|vi   = Kỳ Thủ Điên Cuồng
|de   = Taktik-Fanatiker
|id   = Maniacal Chess Player
|pt   = Enxadrista Maníaco
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}