<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Memosnatcher#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*5
|path2    = Remembrance*3
|effect   = When a character uses an attack that deals Ultimate DMG, consumes their HP equal to {{Color|h|5%}} of their current HP. After this attack, there is a {{Color|h|50%}} base chance to inflict Freeze on the attack target, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). Every stack of {{Extra Effect|Grit|60000005}} increases the character's Effect Hit Rate by {{Color|h|2%}}.
|mentions = Memosnatchers; Merlo Nebula
}}
'''Memosnatcher''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The stone carving cluster in Tortani is evaporated in the storm of Antimatter bombs. It once recorded the decline of the Haman Dynasty and the rise of the Second Republic. The light-year scrolls from Merlo Nebula become bleached of color in the streams of neutron radiation. They are the creations of painters from the school of insignificance that have reshaped interstellar art history.<br /><br />The beautiful should disintegrate, and the eternal should wither. You take the form of a catastrophe, a storm that sweeps through history. From the origin of the universe, you rush to the mouth of the sea, announcing your arrival to everyone with the uttermost grandeur and leaving a mark of absurdity.<br /><br />You traverse the galaxies and take away all that remains of the present, piecing together their fragments on a screen into massive banners that write, "I was here."}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Memosnatcher
|zhs  = 窃忆者
|zht  = 竊憶者
|ja   = メモスナッチャー
|ko   = 기억 도둑
|es   = Robamemorias
|fr   = Voleur de mémoire
|ru   = Вор памяти
|th   = ผู้ขโมยความทรงจำ
|vi   = Kẻ Đánh Cắp Ký Ức
|de   = Memoschnapper
|id   = Memosnatcher
|pt   = Furta-Memórias
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}