<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pre-Battle Caregiver#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*4
|path2    = Preservation*4
|effect   = Characters' Break Effect increases by {{Color|h|100%}}. When inflicting Weakness Break on an enemy with an attack, the attacking character gains a Shield that can absorb DMG equal to {{Color|h|100%}} of their Max HP, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s), and then deals {{Trait|Quake}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|1,000%}} of the current Shield Effect to the target after an attack.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Pre-Battle Caregiver''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|When the bell tolls to herald the apocalypse and the iron hooves of war march toward their next planet in extreme precision, the bird of impending death ascends to the top of the tower, unfurls its pre-written documents, and announces the death that looms ahead. However, with the scale of the universe as it is, even the shortest of intervals seem to last forever.<br /><br />You drape the stars in a lightless veil, blocking them from all around to become coffins for the dead. You turn rain into snow, forcing people to slowly accept the freeze. You destroy genes, preventing the continuation of future generations and bringing civilization to a slow halt. Under the gentle curtain, all beings walk into the never-waking eternal night in a chronic death. They will not suffer, and they will not lament.<br /><br />By the time destruction strikes as prophesied, the land will have long since shut all its eyes.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pre-Battle Caregiver
|zhs  = 战前关怀员
|zht  = 戰前關懷員
|ja   = {{Rubi|戦前|せんぜん}}サポーター
|ko   = 전투 전 케어
|es   = Cuidador previo a la batalla
|fr   = Auxiliaire pré-combat
|ru   = Опекающий перед битвой
|th   = ผู้ดูแลก่อนสู้รบ
|vi   = Người Hỗ Trợ Trước Trận Chiến
|de   = Unterstützung vor der Schlacht
|id   = Pre-Battle Caregiver
|pt   = Cuidador de Pré-Batalha
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}