<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Reminiscence Artist#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Elation*5
|path2    = Remembrance*3
|effect   = {{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|60000003}} has a {{Color|h|4%}} base chance of causing enemy targets that are not Frozen to become Frozen, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). Each attack can cause this effect to be calculated for a max of {{Color|h|5}} time(s). Increases the DMG multiplier of {{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|60000003}} against Frozen enemies by {{Color|h|150%}} of the original multiplier.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Reminiscence Artist''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Memory, such a fragile structure! Just a gentle stir and it all comes collapsing in on itself.<br /><br />Imagine for a second that you transferred two contrasting lives into the same body, that you made the high and mighty Star System Governor into a humiliated rebel chief. When the order came to execute, would they thoughtlessly bloody their blade or have mercy? Or, perhaps, you gave a gangster who had lived a solitary life some memories of family. This person would abandon their evil ways to go in search of their kin, only to find that the family members had long since been buried under rubble with this gangster's very own bombs. What a twist! What exquisite joy!<br /><br />Whose past do you steal and whom do you give it to? Whose memory do you disturb and how will you send them down the wrong path? Memory is an art of falsehoods, but any permutation and combination can turn reality entirely on its own head.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Reminiscence Artist
|zhs  = 回想艺术家
|zht  = 回想藝術家
|ja   = {{Rubi|回想芸術家|かいそうげいじゅつか}}
|ko   = 회상 예술가
|es   = Artista reminiscente
|fr   = Artiste du souvenir
|ru   = Художник воспоминаний
|th   = ศิลปินย้อนความทรงจำ
|vi   = Nhà Nghệ Thuật Hồi Tưởng
|de   = Erinnerung eines Künstlers
|id   = Reminiscence Artist
|pt   = Artista da Recordação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}