<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Self-Betrayer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Destruction*5
|path2    = Propagation*3
|effect   = When a character Breaks an enemy target's Weakness, recovers {{Color|h|2}} Skill Point(s). Based on the total number of Grit stacks on all allies, for every {{Color|h|5}} stack(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Grit|60000005}}," increases all allies' Break DMG dealt by {{Color|h|2%}}.
|mentions = Lord Ravager
}}
'''Self-Betrayer''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|A piece of chilling news is spreading through the segmentum where the Cielo Republic is located. Either a weapon secretly forged by an enemy or a toy crafted at the whim of a Lord Ravager, a dead spirit is devouring the still-bright star clusters of the Republic. It wears the face of a human, has the eyes of a human, yet its true form remains hidden until the moment it claims your life.<br /><br />How refreshing &mdash; a killer in disguise. Yet it disintegrated dead forms, devoured their information, and from a single "It," multiplied into countless "It"s. Where is it? It's everywhere. The spaceship pilot, the president issuing a warning on the screen, the teenage boy and girl holding hands in a coffee shop &mdash; everyone can be "It."<br /><br />Hmm, a correction to our previous opinion &mdash; everyone can be you.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Self-Betrayer
|zhs  = 自我背叛者
|zht  = 自我背叛者
|ja   = {{Rubi|自分|じぶん}}を{{Rubi|裏切|うらぎ}}る{{Rubi|者|もの}}
|ko   = 자기 배신자
|es   = Autotraidor
|fr   = Auto-trahison
|ru   = Самопредатель
|th   = ผู้ทรยศตนเอง
|vi   = Kẻ Phản Bội Chính Mình
|de   = Selbstverräter
|id   = Self-Betrayer
|pt   = Traidor de Si
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}