<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sentimental Guardian#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Preservation*4
|path2    = Elation*4
|effect   = The Follow-up ATK DMG taken by enemy target increases by {{Color|h|60%}}. After the character defeats the enemy target, all allies will nullify all DMG received except for DoT. This effect is removed after allies are attacked, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Sentimental Guardian''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The Wrath King's judgment extends across every inch of land illuminated by the stars, with the Law of Entropic Restriction killing off song, dance, and poetry. He declared that words that evoke smiles usurp the authority of the emperor, and carefree citizens desecrate the crown. In the stifling winds, warmth no longer lingers, and under the oppressive night sky, even the insects dare not chirp in unison.<br /><br />You will rise up, embodying passion, and speak words of madness before the army. Bearing the burden of thorns, you will protect the books filled with stories and return fairy tales to the world. Steel-forged slaughterers cannot kill laughter, and even billions of mechanical Swarm cannot suppress dreams of bliss. Dragging your blood-soaked body, you march into the iron jungle, setting fire to the absurd decrees.<br /><br />You are the stolid warrior, but you have sworn to defend the people's right to laughter.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sentimental Guardian
|zhs  = 多情卫士
|zht  = 多情衛士
|ja   = {{Rubi|多情|たじょう}}な{{Rubi|守護者|しゅごしゃ}}
|ko   = 감성적인 수호자
|es   = Defensor emocional
|fr   = Gardien sentimental
|ru   = Сентиментальный страж
|th   = ผู้พิทักษ์ที่อ่อนไหว
|vi   = Vệ Sĩ Đa Tình
|de   = Sentimentale Wache
|id   = Sentimental Guardian
|pt   = Guardião Sentimental
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}