<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Silverheart Guards#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Erudition*5
|path2    = The Hunt*3
|effect   = When a character Breaks an enemy's Weakness, charges {{Extra Effect|Brain in a Vat|61000044}} by {{Color|h|25%}} and also regenerates Energy equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of Max Energy. After defeating the target, regenerates Energy equal to {{Color|h|60%}} of Max Energy.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Silverheart Guards''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The silver heart represents luster and chaos. When there is a crisis, relying on science is the best solution out of a conundrum instead of resorting to pure violence.<br /><br />They entrust you with unsolvable mysteries, awaiting the ingenious machines to bring criminals to justice. Elusive thieves that navigate through space-time distortions lose their ways and fall into your gravity trap.<br /><br />They call upon you before disasters strike, witnessing cruel monsters being vanquished by weapons ahead of their time. When a huge monster runs amok around the universe, destroying the planets along its way, you cast a fish bait of annihilating bombs into its mouth. The monster's corpse then becomes a new habitat.<br /><br />You are the embodiment of justice, unraveling vile conundrums alongside your companions.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Silverheart Guards
|zhs  = 银心护卫队
|zht  = 銀心護衛隊
|ja   = シルバーハーツ
|ko   = 은빛 심장 호위대
|es   = Guardia corargenta
|fr   = Garde au cœur d'argent
|ru   = Сребросердечные стражи
|th   = ผู้พิทักษ์หัวใจสีเงิน
|vi   = Đội Bảo Vệ Trái Tim Bạc
|de   = Hüter des Silberherzens
|id   = Silverheart Guards
|pt   = Guardas do Coração de Prata
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}