<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sizzling Thunder#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Nihility*5
|path2    = Remembrance*3
|effect   = When an enemy target becomes Frozen, causes all currently active DoT on the target to immediately deal DMG equal to {{Color|h|180%}} of the original DMG. Each active DoT will apply 1 stack of {{Extra Effect|Suspicion|60000012}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Sizzling Thunder''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Standing in the middle of the stage, you stare at the bleak shade of red in the sky, knowing what will happen next. The much-awaited future will never come. The sorrowful past will fade into the White dwarf star's vortex, and sheer silence will ensue. Timid lords will escape by star ships, and helpless children will weep on the streets. As for you, you will remain standing here until the last ounce of your life is ablaze in conflagration.<br /><br />You know everything has lost its meaning, and no one can rewrite how things end. Yet, you insist on singing for this planet you hate vehemently, for it is rotten but warm. You want to sing for the sun that kills, for it is glaring yet gorgeous.<br /><br />Even though everything is coming to an end, you want to express your love for this damned world one last time. With the song's thunderous echo, you let the entire universe know that a band and a planet named Emerald-III once existed.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sizzling Thunder
|zhs  = 激雷乐队
|zht  = 激雷樂團
|ja   = {{Rubi|激雷|げきらい}}バンド
|ko   = 격뇌 밴드
|es   = Trueno Crepitante
|fr   = Tonnerre grésillant
|ru   = Испепеляющий гром
|th   = วง Sizzling Thunder
|vi   = Sizzling Thunder
|de   = Knisternder Donner
|id   = Sizzling Thunder
|pt   = Trovão Crepitante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}