<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Pathless#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Preservation*5
|path2    = Nihility*3
|effect   = When the character deals {{Trait|Quake}} DMG, every type of DoT effect active on the enemy target will increase the current {{Trait|Quake}} DMG multiplier by {{Color|h|50%}} of the original multiplier.
|mentions = 
}}
'''The Pathless''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|This is yet another tragic calamity. The vessel is torn apart, probably after encountering detestable pirates or bumping into a Swarm looking for food. Dead bodies are floating in the vacuum, like goldfish in the water. For some reason, you think of the eccentric Bretadens, who believe that souls belong to the land, and those who die in a vacuum will be forever lost.<br /><br />You clean their bodies and stitch up their wounds, salvaging their last shred of dignity. The death of the unnamed is sprinkled into the sky. While their bodies begin their descent towards land, they burn in the atmosphere, transforming into shooting stars that carry wishes. For those with names, their departure starts from silence, yet the mourning is unceasing.<br /><br />You are uncertain as to which category these bodies belong, but you wish you could hear the weeping.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Pathless
|zhs  = 无神论者
|zht  = 無神論者
|ja   = {{Rubi|無神論者|むしんろんしゃ}}
|ko   = 무신론자
|es   = Ate{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Le Sans Voie
|ru   = Без Пути
|th   = ผู้ไร้หนทางแห่งเทพ
|vi   = Luận Giả Vô Thần
|de   = Gottloser
|id   = The Pathless
|pt   = Os Desencaminhados
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}