<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Viscorpus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 2
|path1    = Abundance*5
|path2    = Propagation*3
|effect   = Increases the maximum limit of {{Extra Effect|Dewdrop|60000013}} by {{Color|h|100%}}. When a character breaks {{Extra Effect|Dewdrop|60000013}} by using their Basic ATK, restores {{Color|h|35%}} of this {{Extra Effect|Dewdrop|60000013}}'s Charge.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Viscorpus''' was a 2-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Multiply, multiply, and multiply... You wriggle toward the heat source ahead. It is struggling with all its might. The blue flame penetrates your body, dragging you along through space. You gnaw away its outer shell, allowing your viscous body to seep in through the opening cracks. Your massive body bursts the food to the point of rupture from within. You start aiming for smaller targets, clambering onto their protrusions until you envelop their whole bodies, then pulling them in for digestion.<br /><br />Something is tingling your skin. You grow eyes on that spot, locking them in place, and mimicking their body structures in response to the heat source's assault. You extend one-third of your body and capture them, linking them together with metal. The abundance of nutrients causes your cells to quiver and divide, producing more offsprings.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Viscorpus
|zhs  = 视肉
|zht  = 視肉
|ja   = {{Rubi|視肉|しにく}}
|ko   = 시육
|es   = Viscorpus
|fr   = Viscorpus
|ru   = Мясоед
|th   = Viscorpus
|vi   = Thị Nhục
|de   = Viscorpus
|id   = Viscorpus
|pt   = Viscorpus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}