{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Three Little Pigs
|image         = Random Event ThreePig.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Three Little Pigs''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Three timid sequence creatures that resemble a pig bump into you as you wander across the wilderness where the Hithradahn people dwell. They react differently to your presence: one is trembling, one is ready to flee, and one is in a combat position.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You remember the description written in the Interastral Peace Guide. The creatures are called Sequence Trotters, and they are trans-latitudinal organisms. They spend most time of their lives eating and escaping.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Running into a Sequence Trotter is an auspicious sign. You start to think of a way to deal with them. The rules of the game must be fixed according to the personality of each Trotter.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Excellent Trotter-catching skills... Gotta be fast!|Greatly increases Trotter's SPD. When choosing your Blessings after winning a battle, Enhance all Blessings that appear.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Trot Deuce*1/;Trot Prime*1/;Trot Tri*1/}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|You pass on a good sense of safeguarding against Trotters.|Reduces Trotter's SPD and DMG received. When choosing your Blessings after winning a battle, Enhance all Blessings that appear.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Trot Deuce*1/;Trot Prime*1/;Trot Tri*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Play a bit with Sequence Trotters. &mdash; You're entering a room with three Trotters. Be mindful that they don't run away.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Trot Deuce*1/;Trot Prime*1/;Trot Tri*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; A person shouldn't be on the same level as Trotters!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Three Little Pigs
|zhs   = 三只小猪
|zht   = 三隻小豬
|ja    = 三匹の子豚
|ko    = 아기 돼지 3형제
|es    = Los tres cerditos
|fr    = Trois petits cochons
|ru    = Три поросёнка
|th    = ลูกหมูสามตัว
|vi    = Ba Chú Heo Con
|de    = Drei kleine Schweinchen
|id    = Tiga Babi Kecil
|pt    = Os Três Porquinhos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
