<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Whodunit#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1030702
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Whodunit.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = The Sound and the Fury
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Whodunit]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Acheron; Aventurine; Black Swan; Firefly; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*700; Stellar Jade*90; Traveler's Guide*12; Destiny's Threads Forewoven*1 { text = Destiny's Threads Forewoven }; Clock Credits*350; "Nevermore"*1 { text = "Nevermore" }; Credit*120,000
}}
'''''Whodunit''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[The Sound and the Fury]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Black Swan
# Follow the Firefly in the memory

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Black Swan{{subst:void|<!--103070217-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|Black Swan tells you that you should evacuate as quickly as possible. But, as you are evacuating, you may be fortunate enough to find some traces left by Firefly that could help unravel the truth behind this sudden demise.<br />You finally reach the area that Black Swan was talking about. From there, the Memokeeper reproduces the memories related to Firefly &mdash; Let's hope that these traces can enlighten your thoughts.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Black Swan)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_SetState_BGMTrack_0306_tense"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 108.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' Are you ready? Don't be too surprised.
----
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 acheron 103.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Is that... Firefly?
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 109.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' Yes. It's what this room left behind &mdash; the memories of her. The slight trembling of the ground, the fleeting reflections on the screen, the flow of memoria... I gathered and reproduced them in fragments.
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 110.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' As for the context... we'll need to sort that out a bit. Hurry along now. Recreating memories on this scale takes quite a toll on me.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow the Firefly in the memory{{subst:void|<!--103070215-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|update|Black Swan tells you that you should evacuate as quickly as possible. But, as you are evacuating, you may be fortunate enough to find some traces left by Firefly that could help unravel the truth behind this sudden demise.<br />You finally reach the area that Black Swan was talking about. From there, the Memokeeper reproduces the memories related to Firefly &mdash; Try to iron out the truth behind this murder.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 130.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' It seems like someone has been awaiting us. Ready to step into the spotlight now?
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 131.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' ...Stellaron Hunter: Sam.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"PriorityGroup": "PerformanceGroup",
	"Duration": 1,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/IsometricFilter.asset"
}</pre>
:<!--4-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ResetMissionAudioState",
	"ResetSoundEffectState": true
}</pre>
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::...Careful.
::A Galaxy Ranger...
::And... a Memokeeper
::Leave now, and nobody gets hurt.
::Or else...
::All of you will die here.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Stellaron Hunter: Sam*1}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Leave the dance stage to them, my dear.
::...what a show.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 101.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Thank you for your efforts, Memokeeper - quite a brilliant move to pit enemies against each other.
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 102.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' When I first saw the Ranger and the Hunter together, my heart skipped a beat... I never thought you'd successfully trigger a conflict between the two.
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 blackswan 101.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' As promised, I've delivered the child to you. Our transaction is complete.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is happening...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You two are in this together...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Black Swan, you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Acheron has her peculiarities, but...
::{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 109.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' But? There's no but. This is the truth.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} An Emanator? Whose?
::{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 110.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Perhaps The Hunt... or Destruction... or even Finality. It doesn't matter, these Paths all point to the same outcome.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Impossible. Why should I believe you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No way. Acheron was right there at the scene. It couldn't have been her.
::{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 111.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' She was there? Wait, what... You're kidding... Oh my, this just got even more interesting.
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 112.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Let me give you some IPC insider information, my friend. Do you know "Duke Inferno" &mdash; Fetora's Ifrit?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I fought him before.
::{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 113.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Nicely done, as expected! I'll cut to the chase then...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who?
::{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 114.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' You don't seem to have heard of him before... He belongs to the Annihilation Gang, so I guess it's normal. Then let me explain to you...
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 115.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' This Duke Inferno is a Fire Demon from Fetora. He's an energy lifeform, and it's rumored that his birth is related to a certain genius...
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 116.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' He and his thugs formed "Ever-Flame Mansion" and viewed Nanook as their savior &mdash; in actuality, they were led by this duke to go around burning and looting, practicing the will of Destruction. And even the other Annihilation Gangs weren't spared.
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 117.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' I'm not sure what The Family was thinking, or perhaps someone was scheming behind the scenes, but shockingly these characters received an invitation. And why would the Ever-Flame Mansion decline? They harbor fierce intentions, swearing to turn the Planet of Festivities into a sea of blazing flames...
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 118.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' But there's no need to worry. They won't be able to attend. Do you know why?
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 119.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Because Ifrit is dead.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As I expected...
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 120.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' They were eliminated while on their way. The assailant, demonstrating remarkable expertise, ruthlessly ended Ifrit and swiped the invite that the Annihilation Gang had in their possession. The Ever-Flame Mansion disbanded, each going their separate ways...
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 121.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Thereafter, a mysterious Galaxy Ranger arrived on Penacony, checking into the hotel with only a music box... Do you still need me to continue the story, my friend?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was Acheron...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It doesn't rule out others.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any other evidence?
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 aventurine 122.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' The Galaxy Rangers come and go like shadows, and there's little communication between them. Her story is almost too perfect. If she remains silent, there's no concrete evidence against her. While the IPC can investigate, it'll take some time.
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Firefly
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 101.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' If I could try again...
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 acheron 104.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' She stares at the screens. Is she looking at herself in the mirror? ...What does she mean by "try again"?
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 106.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' Why did you...!? This isn't what we agreed on...

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 107.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' Mecha...!? Why...

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 110.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' There's actually a path here...
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 124.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' Unpredictable pathways pointing toward a wandering meme... She was completely lost in the Memory Zone.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 111.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' It's an exit... Following this path should lead me out of this place...
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 126.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' Unfortunately, this path ultimately leads one to the lair of "Death."

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 112.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' Finally back at the lobby. If that's the case...
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 128.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' She thought she had escaped but...
:{{A|VO chapter3 7 sunday 101.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' ...
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 firefly 108.ogg}} '''Firefly:''' The door... It won't open...

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 122.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' She had no other way to leave but from the side corridor.
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 129.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' After that, it's the end...
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 acheron 114.ogg}} '''Acheron:''' Everyone, over there&mdash;
----
:{{A|VO chapter3 6 blackswan 113.ogg}} '''Black Swan:''' With all this in mind, Firefly and her companion &mdash; there should only be one &mdash; have entered this corridor together.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Whodunit
|zhs  = 是谁杀死了…
|zht  = 是誰殺死了……
|ja   = 誰が殺した…
|ko   = 누가 죽였는가…
|es   = ¿Quién es el culpable?
|fr   = Les Experts : Penacony
|ru   = А убийца кто?..
|th   = ใครคือผู้เข่นฆ่า...
|vi   = Ai Là Thủ Phạm...
|de   = Wer ist der Mörder?
|id   = Siapa yang Menghabisi ....
|pt   = Quem foi?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
