{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Broadened Cognition: The Suffering *Father* (II)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 11.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Nous
}}
'''Broadened Cognition: The Suffering *Father* (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A thunderous noise comes from the sky, and you see something enormous collapse. A horrifying scene then unfolds before you: The collapse of the colossal structure is followed by countless factories, machines, and massive empires behind it.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' An invisible force seems to have destroyed the entire world, and you realize that doomsday has come. Amid the billowing dust and smoke, the sound of the collapsing world keeps reverberating in the air. It is as loud as a storm from the universe and is enough to tear your eardrums apart... You try to no avail for a place to hide.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Clear the smoke in front of you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You know what has come crashing down in the cloud of dust is a belief, a will, and an entire empire whose glory days are in the past.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' #27 Rubert is the suffering father, and the equation it has derived must be obeyed by all inorganic lives. Nevertheless, its time has passed, and the rumbling of machines has faded into history, leaving only a sigh...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' ...And the thwarted Anti-Organic Equation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The past dozen eras when the emperor's dominance reigned supreme will be remembered by the universe. Yet, the entire duration of the empire is reduced to merely two moments in the eye of [[Nous]].
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Broadened Cognition: The Suffering *Father* (II)
|zhs   = 认知拓宽：「受难的*父*」•其二
|zht   = 認知拓寬：「受難的*父*」•其二
|ja    = {{Rubi|認識拡張|にんしきかくちょう}}：「{{Rubi|受難|じゅなん}}する『{{Rubi|慈父|じふ}}』」・その2
|ko    = 인지 확대: 「수난을 당한 *아버지*」•2
|es    = Expansión perceptiva: padre sufridor II
|fr    = Élévation de la conscience : Le *père* qui souffre (II)
|ru    = Расширение сознания: Страдания *отца* II
|th    = ขยายการรับรู้: "*บิดา* ผู้ทุกข์ทน" (II)
|vi    = Mở Rộng Tri Thức: *Người Cha* Đau Khổ 2
|de    = Kognitive Erweiterung: Leiden des *Vaters* (II)
|id    = Ekspansi Kognitif: "Derita *Ayah*" (2)
|pt    = Expansão Cognitiva: O *Pai* Sofredor (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
