{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Statue
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Statue''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In between the red rocks in Insumousu, you discover the white stone sculpture of a human head. Its size is just right to be held in your fist. You read the inscription on the stone platform that says, "{{Rubi| Yaoshi|Aeon of Abundance}}."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' On the spur of the moment, you wrap your fingers around the sculpture, feeling it transforming into a bird in your hand. Its longevity proliferates and expands in a visualized form. Then, scarlet liquid flows through your fingers.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "...All sentient beings... will have all their wishes fulfilled... torment and healing... are in a symbiotic relationship..."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Discard the statue! Be decisive. &mdash; Obtain a 2-star Blessing, and all characters lose HP equal to 30% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 30% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Believe in "them" with pure devotion. &mdash; Obtain a 3-star Blessing, and all characters lose HP equal to 80% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 80% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Statue
|zhs   = 雕像
|zht   = 雕像
|ja    = {{Rubi|彫像|ちょうぞう}}
|ko    = 조각상
|es    = Estatua
|fr    = Statue
|ru    = Статуя
|th    = รูปปั้น
|vi    = Bức Tượng
|de    = Statue
|id    = Patung
|pt    = Estátua
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
