{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)
|image         = Random Event 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = <<DOMAINS_SU>>
|domains_ext   = <<DOMAINS_EXT>>
|domains_swarm = <<DOMAINS_SWARM>>
|domains_gng   = <<DOMAINS_GNG>>
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    =
}}
'''Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass by a habitat filled by a massive Swarm. A giant Lord of Eternal Slumber is sleeping soundly on a putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Lord of Eternal Slumber has both its eyes closed. It seems to be lost in its dreams.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You check the map in your hand... and find that your way ahead is blocked! As you are about to take a detour, you notice some newly born *spores* gathering around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. A daring idea blossoms in your mind...
:{{DIcon|Star}} "Absorb" its power. &mdash; Obtain two 2-star Blessings.
::;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
::;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} "Give" it power. &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 80% of their current HP, and 2 random Blessings are Enhanced. (You can obtain better rewards later.)
:;(All allies lose 80% of their current HP)
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-3 star Blessings)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 繁育•沉睡领主（二级卫戍）
|zht   = 繁育•沉睡領主（二級衛戍）
|ja    = 繁殖・深眠の領主（二級守備）
|ko    = 번식•깊이 잠든 영주(2급 경비)
|es    = Propagación: Cacique dormido (segundo pretoriano)
|fr    = Le seigneur assoupi de la Propagation (deuxième prétorien)
|ru    = Распространение: Повелитель сна (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th    = แพร่พันธุ์: ท่านผู้หลับใหล (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi    = Sinh Sôi - Lãnh Chúa Ngủ Say (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de    = Die Ausbreitung: Schlafender Herrscher (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id    = Propagation: Raja yang Tertidur (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt    = Propagação: Soberano Adormecido (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
