{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title        = The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 1)
|image        = Random Event Twin.png
|type         =
|appearsIn    = [[Simulated Universe]]
|appearsIn2   = [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]]
|appearsIn3   = 
|requirements =
|prev         = {{tx}}
|next         = {{tx}}
|indexRewards =
|characters   =
}}
'''The Cuckoo Clock Fanatic (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You encounter a freckled man with curly chestnut hair who introduces himself as a digger in the Black Forest. He describes the forest as a mysterious place. It is said that in the forest there are numerous prophecy machines, poet machines, and all kinds of mechanical lifeforms operating on gears. Organic lifeforms rarely set foot there.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' His face brightens up the moment he sees you, as though he has just found a potential fellow enthusiast. He places his treasure &mdash; a cuckoo clock &mdash; into your hands.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Bring a cuckoo clock home and try using it!" The cuckoo clock fanatic says. "I'm sure you'll fall in love with cuckoo clocks."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept a cuckoo clock. &mdash; Obtain 1 random cuckoo clock series Negative Curio.
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He is thrilled, thinking that he has met someone who shares his taste!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He keeps pushing your shoulder as he persuades you to go home and study the cuckoo clock - Just take it back home and enjoy using it!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse. &mdash; It doesn't feel right!
:;(Obtain 2 random Negative Curios)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He looks upset when you turn him down. He seems to be a very sensitive person, but that does not dampen his fervor!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Please... Please take it... I've never succeeded in promoting the cuckoo clocks. Nobody could appreciate them. If no one could really appreciate the cuckoo clocks... then my life will be meaningless..." His eyes glisten with tears, and he is on the verge of crying.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' He keeps pushing your shoulder as he persuades you to go home and study the cuckoo clock - Just take it back home and enjoy using it!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 咕咕钟狂热粉丝（其一）
|zht   = 咕咕鐘狂熱愛好者（其一）
|ja    = 鳩時計の熱狂的ファン（1）
|ko    = 뻐꾸기 시계의 광팬 (1)
|es    = El fanático del reloj de cuco I
|fr    = Collectionneur de coucous (partie 1)
|ru    = Фанат часов с кукушкой I
|th    = แฟนคลับผู้คลั่งไคล้ Cuckoo Clock (1)
|vi    = Fan Cuồng Đồng Hồ Cúc Cu 1
|de    = Der Kuckucksuhren-Fanatiker (Teil 1)
|id    = Fanatik Jam Cuckoo (1)
|pt    = O Fanático dos Relógios Cuco (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
