{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 113-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Unknown Event 113-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' ████You are waiting in place.██ █████You feel sleepy,████████████████ yet nothing happens████████████████.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Wake up," [[Ruan Mei]] speaks straightforwardly, signaling [[Herta]] to wake you up.
:'''Herta:''' "I was only away for a short while, and the chart of your brainwaves already showed the zzZ." Sounding irritated, Herta connects herself to the Simulated Universe. "Is the Simulated Universe really that boring? It can be, but I must congratulate you, as you have made great progress on the Path of Nihility thanks to your laziness. Still, you need to be careful. If the Aeon swallows one of the buttons of the system, that will end your journey."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Simulated Universe bores me to death!
::'''Herta:''' "You can do this on your own. Wait till you join the Genius Society, I'll kick Stephen out." Herta shrugs.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A strong wave of lethargy washes over you... The emptiness feels like the first morning after a breakup.
::'''IX:''' ...████████... ███████████...
::'''IX:''' █████████Although you can feel ███, the Aeon's ████████████ ██████████appearance, you can hardly █████████.
::'''Herta:''' "What's going on?" Herta asks. "Why do you seem to be asleep? Oh, is IX here again? Stay away from it!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have yet to come to senses, and Herta's voice starts becoming distorted...
::'''Herta:''' "I'm sure IX doesn't know what it's doing. Does IX have any reason to care about [[Tayzzyronth]]?" Herta adds, "But, you need to get out of the place quickly, (Trailblazer). Do you think you can slack off in the Simulated Universe without paying the price? The Aeon must have appeared just now and made some of your nerves go numb. Don't be swallowed by IX..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me sleep for a while longer.
::'''Ruan Mei:''' You can sense Ruan Mei's gaze on you, but she doesn't say a word.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A strong wave of lethargy washes over you... The emptiness feels like the first morning after a breakup.
::'''IX:''' ...████████... ███████████...
::'''IX:''' █████████Although you can feel ███, the Aeon's ████████████ ██████████appearance, you can hardly █████████.
::'''Herta:''' "What's going on?" Herta asks. "Why do you seem to be asleep? Oh, is IX here again? Stay away from it!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have yet to come to senses, and Herta's voice starts becoming distorted...
::'''Herta:''' "I'm sure IX doesn't know what it's doing. Does IX have any reason to care about Tayzzyronth?" Herta adds, "But, you need to get out of the place quickly, (Trailblazer). Do you think you can slack off in the Simulated Universe without paying the price? The Aeon must have appeared just now and made some of your nerves go numb. Don't be swallowed by IX..."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = ???
|zhs   = ???
|zht   = ???
|ja    = ???
|ko    = ???
|es    = ???
|fr    = ???
|ru    = ???
|th    = ???
|vi    = ???
|de    = ???
|id    = ???
|pt    = ???
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
