{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You encounter a doll whose body is three times as tall as its head. It has straw-like hair made of ropes and a counter on its stomach.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You open its manual, which reads, "This is a doll to vent extreme emotions on, made by Aha in THEIR own likeness. THEY wish to see THEMSELF beaten up. The worse the beating is, the happier THEY will get, and the more Gold Coins THEY will award you! Note: Aha is not involved in the quality control process."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pat it lightly. &mdash; This won't break it, at least.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Hit it hard! &mdash; I won't have Aha looking down on me!
:;(All choices lead to the following options)
:;(Outcome 1, 70% chance)
::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the counter slowly reaches 150. The chip embedded in the doll is activated to play a song: "The Destruction is crazy, and the Preservation is dumb. All the Aeons are stubborn, and Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed..."
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have obtained some Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Outcome 2, 10% chance)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You punch Aha's doll into pieces that scatter across the ground. The chip embedded in the doll is activated to play a song: "The Destruction is crazy, and the Preservation is dumb. All the Aeons are stubborn, and Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed..."
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You gain nothing.
:;(Outcome 3, 10% chance)
::;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=400}})
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the counter continues going up until it stops at 400. The chip embedded in the doll is activated to play a song: "The Destruction is crazy, and the Preservation is dumb. All the Aeons are stubborn, and Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed..."
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have obtained a large number of Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Outcome 4, 10% chance)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the counter increases rapidly. When it reaches 2147483647, it suddenly shifts to zero &mdash; This is an integer overflow. You spite the manufacturers who are still using 32-bit systems to store data in the modern world.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You gain nothing.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
;(All choices lead to the following options)
;(Outcome 1, 60% chance)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Aha's doll does not react, and the number on the counter remains unchanged. You suck!
::{{DIcon|Star}} Pat it lightly. &mdash; This won't break it, at least.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Hit it hard! &mdash; I won't have Aha looking down on me!
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
;(Outcome 2, 40% chance)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the Aha doll's counter reaches 299. One more? There is so much frustration in your life, after all.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Pat it lightly. &mdash; This won't break it, at least.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Hit it hard! &mdash; I won't have Aha looking down on me!
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
;(All choices lead to the following options)
;(Outcome 1, 70% chance)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the counter slowly reaches 150. The chip embedded in the doll is activated to play a song: "The Destruction is crazy, and the Preservation is dumb. All the Aeons are stubborn, and Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed..."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have obtained some Cosmic Fragments.
;(Outcome 2, 10% chance)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You punch Aha's doll into pieces that scatter across the ground. The chip embedded in the doll is activated to play a song: "The Destruction is crazy, and the Preservation is dumb. All the Aeons are stubborn, and Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed..."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You gain nothing.
;(Outcome 3, 10% chance)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=400}})
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the counter continues going up until it stops at 400. The chip embedded in the doll is activated to play a song: "The Destruction is crazy, and the Preservation is dumb. All the Aeons are stubborn, and Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed! Aha is embarrassed..."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have obtained a large number of Cosmic Fragments.
;(Outcome 4, 10% chance)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The number on the counter increases rapidly. When it reaches 2147483647, it suddenly shifts to zero &mdash; This is an integer overflow. You spite the manufacturers who are still using 32-bit systems to store data in the modern world.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You gain nothing.

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_110815)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The head of the doll has blown up! 500 Cosmic Fragments fall out from it.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_110816)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The doll suddenly turns to look at you. It reaches for your pocket and snatches half of your Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}