{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Cosmic Altruist (Part 3)
|image         = Random Event Profiteer.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Cosmic Altruist (Part 3)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, you bump into Oswaldo Schneider's disciple at the bazaar. He looks like he has aged a lot. The economy on Varunix is in recession, and the bazaar is quiet and deserted.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Ah... You're right. There was no prize in the random pool of the previous Super Goodies game." He concedes guiltily.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "But I promise I'll give it to you, as you trust me and are my regular customer. Next, I'll teach you the last rule of business: Never lie to your customers." He grins.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase a diamond box. &mdash; Consume 10 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 "tempting" reward.
:;(Lose 10 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase an ore box. &mdash; Consume 10 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 "tantalizing" reward.
:;(Lose 10 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 银河好人（其三）
|zht   = 銀河好人（其三）
|ja    = 銀河のお人好し（その3）
|ko    = 은하 호인 (3)
|es    = Altruismo galáctico (III)
|fr    = Altruiste intergalactique (partie 3)
|ru    = Галактический торговец III
|th    = คนดีแห่งกาแล็กซี (3)
|vi    = Người Tốt Ngân Hà 3
|de    = Galaktischer Altruist (Teil 3)
|id    = Orang Baik di Galaksi (3)
|pt    = Altruísta Cósmico (Parte 3)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
