{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Cosmic Merchant (Part 1)
|image         = Random Event Profiteer.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Occurrence
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Qlipoth
}}
'''Cosmic Merchant (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You arrive at the busiest bazaar in Varunix. One of the stalls catches your attention. The stall owner's face is obscured by the hood he is wearing. He sits cross-legged on a purple floor mat with various mineral bottles displayed around him.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'm the disciple of Oswaldo Schneider. Both of us are from the Fanaticism Department of IPC!" The man says out of nowhere. "Do you know how commercial activities in the cosmos started in the first place?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was to earn more galactic currencies.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does the knowledge of economics help you earn money?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Of course. It all started from our belief in [[Qlipoth]]. To help the Aeon in building the wall, the support team needed materials from different places across the universe. We learned to exchange resources during that time," he says while scratching his face. "Now, let's try to exchange something. I guarantee you that whatever you've spent won't be in vain."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase a metal Wish-In-A-Bottle. &mdash; Consume 100 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 "good value" Blessing.
:;(Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Obtain a 1-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase a silver ore Wish-In-A-Bottle. &mdash; Consume 200 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 "surprising" Curio.
:;(Lose 200 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You're not interested.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Merchant (Part 1)
|zhs  = 银河商人（其一）
|zht  = 銀河商人（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|銀河|ぎんが}}の{{Rubi|商人|しょうにん}}（その1）
|ko   = 은하 장사꾼 (1)
|es   = Comerciante galáctico (I)
|fr   = Marchand intergalactique (partie&nbsp;1)
|ru   = Галактический торговец I
|th   = พ่อค้าข้ามกาแล็กซี (1)
|vi   = Thương Nhân Ngân Hà 1
|de   = Galaktischer Händler (Teil 1)
|id   = Pedagang Galaksi (1)
|pt   = Comerciante Cósmico (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
