{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Loneliness, Cosmic Beauty Bugs, Simulated Universe (Part 2)
|image         = Random Event 2.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Loneliness, Cosmic Beauty Bugs, Simulated Universe (Part 2)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Time flies. The space worm named Sweet Saliva that you have nurtured has been undergoing immersive learning at the cosmic tea plantation for a long time... When you hear the sound of fumbling at the door, you know it is back.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You open the door and find that it has grown up. Its skin, which was initially green, has faded and is now covered by a colorful pattern that is a mixture of white, yellowish green, and brownish blue hues... They are the signs that Sweet Saliva has matured into an adult bug. It calls out for you... which is the proof of its *love* for you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A relieved and sorrowful smile breaks out on your face.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the "Heartfelt Gift." &mdash; Obtain 5 random Curios.
:;(Obtain 5 random Normal Curios)
:;(Outcome 1, 80%)
:;(Outcome 2, 20%)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the "Life's Favor." &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:;(Outcome 1, 50%)
:;(Outcome 2, 50%)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse. &mdash; You just want to keep giving... You don't expect anything in return at all.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Loneliness, Cosmic Beauty Bugs, Simulated Universe (Part 2)
|zhs  = 孤独，太空美虫，模拟宇宙（其二）
|zht  = 孤獨，太空美蟲，模擬宇宙（其二）
|ja   = {{Rubi|孤独|こどく}}、{{Rubi|宇宙|うちゅう}}の{{Rubi|美虫|びちゅう}}、{{Rubi|模擬宇宙|もぎうちゅう}}（2）
|ko   = 고독, 우주 곤충, 시뮬레이션 우주 (2)
|es   = Soledad, gusanos espaciales y el Universo Simulado II
|fr   = Solitude, insectes cosmiques merveilleux et Univers simulé (partie 2)
|ru   = Одиночество, космические жуки, Виртуальная вселенная II
|th   = ความโดดเดี่ยว แมลงแสนสวยในอวกาศ และ Simulated Universe (2)
|vi   = Cô Độc, Sâu Không Gian, Vũ Trụ Mô Phỏng 2
|de   = Einsamkeit, Weltraum-Schönheitskäfer, Universum-Simulation (Teil 2)
|id   = Kesepian, Serangga Cantik Luar Angkasa, Simulated Universe (2)
|pt   = Solidão, Insetos da Beleza Cósmicos, Universo Simulado (Parte 2)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
