<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm: Mind of the Domain (Third Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19201-4
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 049
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Swarm: Mind of the Domain (Third Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = It is a daring move that risks it all.

|chance_1_1 = 10%

|chance_1_2 = 90%
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Finally, the moment has come. Your cloak flaps in the sandy wind, and you will soon be facing the *ancient brain*.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You need to carry your Device Assistant with you to ensure you maintain a normal mental state. Yes... the *ancient brain* will affect your consciousness.
:{{DIcon|Star}} It is a daring move that risks it all. &mdash; There's only a very low chance of success, and you know the price of failure is high.
;(Outcome 1, 10% chance)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing of Propagation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You throw a Molotov cocktail at it... and succeed! It seems like the *ancient brain* loves piping hot delicacies.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Watching its body melt, a fun idea pops up in your head: You should prepare some "appetizers" to go with the course you just fed it next time...
;(Outcome 2, 90% chance)
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've failed! You slip and fall right in front of the *ancient brain*!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have no choice but to cover your retreat with a Molotov cocktail... All your previous effort has gone down the drain! While retreating, the thought of having to start everything over leaves you frustrated!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm: Mind of the Domain (Third Praetorian)
|zhs  = 虫潮•区域脑体（三级卫戍）
|zht  = 蟲潮•區域腦體（三級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|潮|しお}}・{{Rubi|区域脳|くいきのう}}（{{Rubi|三級守備|さんきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 곤충 파도•구역 두뇌체(3급 경비)
|es   = Enjambre: Mente de zona (tercer pretoriano)
|fr   = Esprit de la Zone de l'Essaim (troisième prétorien)
|ru   = Жужжание: Разум зоны (гарнизон ур. 3)
|th   = คลื่นแมลง: มันสมองแห่งอาณาเขต (กองกำลังระดับ 3)
|vi   = Côn Trùng - Khu Vực Đầu Não (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 3)
|de   = Der Schwarm: Gehirn der Region (Garnisonsstufe 3)
|id   = Swarm: Otak dari Zona (Garnisun Tingkat 3)
|pt   = Enxame: Mente do Domínio (Terceiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}