<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Con Job (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 11702
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Salesperson.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Cosmic Con Job (II)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Purchase an amber Wish-In-A-Bottle.
|result_1 = Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 "enigmatic" Blessing(s).

|choice_2 = Purchase a supernium Wish-In-A-Bottle.
|result_2 = Spend 200 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 "dreamlike" Equation(s).

|choice_3 = Leave.
|result_3 = Never believing in liars again.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, you bump into Oswaldo Schneider's disciple at the bazaar. You can smell his greed &mdash; he reeks of sulfur as he uses wholesale mineral bottles to save costs.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The price difference is the fees you have to pay for the lesson, and no one can be the exception. The rule of thumb in business is to buy low and sell high. Master it, and you will never suffer a loss in the future," he says indifferently.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Now, let me teach you a thing or two about consumer psychology, which involves probability theory. A jackpot with a huge prize is irresistible to most people. I guarantee that you will strike the jackpot one day."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase an amber Wish-In-A-Bottle. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 "enigmatic" Blessing(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase a supernium Wish-In-A-Bottle. &mdash; Spend 200 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 "dreamlike" Equation(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; Never believing in liars again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Con Job (II)
|zhs  = 银河忽悠（其二）
|zht  = 銀河唬人（其二）
|ja   = {{Rubi|銀河|ぎんが}}のペテン{{Rubi|師|し}}（その2）
|ko   = 은하 사기 (2)
|es   = Engaño galáctico (II)
|fr   = Escroquerie intergalactique (II)
|ru   = Галактический торговец II
|th   = กลลวงแห่งกาแล็กซี (2)
|vi   = Lừa Gạt Ngân Hà (2)
|de   = Galaktischer Abzocker (Teil 2)
|id   = Penipu Galaksi (2)
|pt   = Golpe Cósmico (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}