{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' When the ancient Order was still watching over all life in the universe, during a downpour, a young man once barged into the sacred and silent stone chamber. He used a slab of stone as a deity's seat, then took the angle of the seat's right angle as a posture to greet a God&mdash;
:'''Origin Universe:''' When he and his younger brother spread the song of their duet beyond the skies, he never imagined that he would thereafter be thrust into the role of the crown prince *bearing the crown* in the chaos. He would slay his brother, and the duet would forever have lost half of its voice.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Sit on that chair.|Adjust the curvature of your waist to a right angle. Feel the "divine" sensation.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' You adjust your waist to a right angle. Your muscles start cramping up. This connection with God... It doesn't seem to have healed your waist, pained from working non-stop for credits...
::'''Origin Universe:''' But you feel what it's like to sit straight!
::'''Origin Universe:''' When all this ends, a dissonant interval is suddenly heard in the Beyond the Sky Choir's singing: It is said that this is when Order and Finality brush past each other.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Join this choir.|You will become a *musical note*.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' You understand the new language... That young prisoner had silently permitted everything to happen before he walked to the guillotine... This is the secret language of love and hate between two brothers, a whisper without a beginning or end.
::'''Origin Universe:''' When all this ends, a dissonant interval is suddenly heard in the Beyond the Sky Choir's singing: It is said that this is when Order and Finality brush past each other.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
