{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Qlipoth;Tayzzyronth;Screwllum
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' Countless worlds untouched by [[Qlipoth]]'s graces recorded when the light of Order faded like the radiance of old empires: Their suns had once disappeared, a statue of an entangled pair of twins appeared in the sky, like an omen of a coming long night...
:'''Ember Universe:''' And when [[Tayzzyronth]] fell and the Swarm withdrew, the sun was gently returned.
:'''Ember Universe:''' "For Equilibrium." A voice suddenly calls out to you overhead, but it does not hope for your response.
:'''Herta:''' "What is that voice?" [[Herta]]'s figure suddenly appears, "(Trailblazer), what did you see?"
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|For Equilibrium!|The Universe requires equilibrium.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' "For Equilibrium." A voice suddenly calls out to you overhead. You hear a sliver of praise, "For Equilibrium."
::'''Ember Universe:''' You can only feel the phenomenon unfold before you &mdash; Their decisions are never arbitrary, for they gently guide the angle of return.
::'''Screwllum:''' "Anomaly detected outside of system design." [[Screwllum]]'s voice reassures you, "But it is of no danger, (Trailblazer). The Simulated Universe needs Equilibrium. I, Herta and [[Ruan Mei]] are here with you."
::'''Herta:''' "No, I'm not." Herta sulkily says, and then she's gone.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Can I refuse Equilibrium?|The Simulated Universe may not require... equilibrium.}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' "For Equilibrium." You detect the tinge of a secret from that emotionless tone, "Equilibrium has already happened."
::'''Ember Universe:''' You can only feel the phenomenon unfold before you &mdash; Their decisions are never arbitrary, for they gently guide the angle of return.
::'''Screwllum:''' "Anomaly detected outside of system design." Screwllum's voice reassures you, "But it is of no danger, (Trailblazer). The Simulated Universe needs Equilibrium. I, Herta and Ruan Mei are here with you."
::'''Herta:''' "No, I'm not." Herta sulkily says, and then she's gone.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part III
|zhs   = 其三
|zht   = 其三
|ja    = その3
|ko    = III
|es    = Parte III
|fr    = Partie III
|ru    = III
|th    = ตอน 3
|vi    = Phần 3
|de    = Teil 3
|id    = Bagian III
|pt    = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
