{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The IPC Promotion Saga (Part 1)
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Occurrence
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''The IPC Promotion Saga (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is your first day at the Interastral Peace Corporation. Staring at the towering IPC branch building, you are determined to become an excellent IPC employee.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You straighten up confidently! The level P-13 staff badge on your chest gleams brightly under the sun. But no... P-13 is not going to define you! Your *ambition* reaches far beyond it...
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Dedicate off-duty time to the Amber Lord.|Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s).}}
:;(Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Accurately find the target to sell star systems to.|Obtain 2 Dice Reroll attempt(s) and 1 cheat attempt.}}
:;(Obtain 2 reroll chance(s))
:;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
:{{DIcon|Star}} Halfheartedly sell "Interastral Peace Groceries." &mdash; Obtain 80 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 80 Cosmic Fragments)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Secretly goof off. &mdash; Obtain 2 reroll attempt(s).
:;(Obtain 2 reroll chance(s))
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = The IPC Promotion Saga (Part 1)
|zhs   = 星际和平公司「升职记」（其一）
|zht   = 星際和平公司「升職記」（其一）
|ja    = スターピースカンパニー「{{Rubi|昇進記|しょうしんき}}」（1）
|ko    = 스타피스 컴퍼니 「승진기」 (1)
|es    = La saga del ascenso de la Corporación I
|fr    = Saga de la CPI (partie 1)
|ru    = Сага о карьере в КММ I
|th    = "บันทึกการเลื่อนตำแหน่ง" องค์กรสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาว (1)
|vi    = Công Ty Hành Tinh Hòa Bình "Nhật Ký Thăng Chức" 1
|de    = Die IFK-Beförderungsgeschichte (Teil 1)
|id    = Kisah Promosi IPC (1)
|pt    = A Saga de Promoção da CPI (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
