{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome to the Cogito Hair Salon of the Mechanical City!" Charon ties up their hair and taps twice on the bar table with their knuckles. "We can adjust 'Intra-Cognition' here. You can become whatever you want to be, no? Oh, just look at that doctor next to you."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You size up the new *guest* beside you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Dr. No.5 is enjoying Charon's hair-cutting service so much that he does not even realize Charon is cutting his beard. He speaks confidently, "Do you know how to improve the extent of your knowledge?"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The Intelligentsia Guild engages in discussions regarding the Genius Society from time to time, during which I often present arguments to prove myself to be a genius. Through experiments, I've blended good and evil into one to show that I'm compatible with both." Says the doctor. "Even better, I've also tried separating them using a potion! Which of the two would you choose?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I choose "Good." &mdash; Increase Intra-Cognition by 20.
:;(Increase Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "That's right. After the experiment succeeded, my good self took over my body." He guffaws, "Through such a deranged pursuit of knowledge, we can reach a more liberated and higher-dimensional consciousness!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I am inorganic. &mdash; Decrease Intra-Cognition by 20.
:;(Decrease Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Well, it doesn't matter. After the experiment succeeded, my evil self took over my body." He guffaws, "Through such a deranged pursuit of knowledge, we can reach a more liberated and higher-dimensional consciousness!"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "One day, Nous will notice me!" He continues as if hysterical, "But Dr. Ratio thinks I'm an idiot &mdash; he sees everybody that way! If you ever meet him, remember to make your choice. No, no, no... You'd better make the choice right now!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Agree with Dr. No.5. &mdash; Obtain 1 cheat chance(s).
:;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
:{{DIcon|Star}} Agree with Dr. Ratio. &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s), 1 Curio(s), and 50 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 1 point in the countdown)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You watch the doctor constantly shift between two states and ultimately kill himself in despair and frustration. He has transformed into a *mechanical spinning top* in the spiral between polar opposites, and his conflicted life ends in an eternal spin between his two facets.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Remember, if you ever meet Dr. Ratio... you must first tell him who is the true *idiot*!" He speaks his last word.
{{Dialogue End}}