{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = History Fictionologists (Part 2)
|image         = Random Event Historian.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''History Fictionologists (Part 2)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Once again, you arrive at the opulent library. You look up and see a multitude of star systems. Like cosmic sludge that has been stirred into jelly, they swirl around slowly in the sky.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The ancient staircase in the center of the library spirals up into the sky, with no end to be seen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Why are you here again?" The History Fictionologist scolds you. "What kind of history do you want me to change this time?"
;(If Intra-Cognition is between 0 and 30 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Rewrite the record of the Aeon of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition.|Enhance 3 Blessing(s) of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition.}}
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition. &mdash; Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessing of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition.
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition. &mdash; Enhance 2 random 2-star Blessing of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition.
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-star Blessings of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Record of the Aeon of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition. &mdash; Enhance 1 random 3-star Blessing of Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition.
:;(Enhance 1 random 1-star Blessing of Preservation)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's done. If you notice any contradictions beyond the simulated world created by codes, don't doubt them, as they are all my brilliant touches. Remember, I'm not 'simulated'!"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = History Fictionologists (Part 2)
|zhs   = 虚构史学家（其二）
|zht   = 虛構史學家（其二）
|ja    = {{Rubi|虚構歴史学者|きょこうれきしがくしゃ}}（その2）
|ko    = 허구 역사학자 (2)
|es    = Historiadores Espurios (II)
|fr    = Fictionnistes de l'histoire (partie 2)
|ru    = Фикциологи истории II
|th    = นักแต่งประวัติศาสตร์ (2)
|vi    = Nhà Sử Học Hư Cấu 2
|de    = Geschichtsfiktionologen (Teil 2)
|id    = History Fictionologists (2)
|pt    = Ficciologistas da História (Parte 2)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
