<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Prayer-Line Occupied#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25801
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_31.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 141
}}
'''Prayer-Line Occupied''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Leap into the river.
|result_1 = Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity

|choice_2 = Pass through the gates of freedom.
|result_2 = Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity

|choice_3 = Stop them from sounding the alarm.
|result_3 = Enter a difficult battle

|choice_4 = Escape into the open plains.
|result_4 = Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity

|choice_5 = Keep praying to Oronyx.
|result_5 = Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity

|choice_6 = Pray for Janus's guidance.
|result_6 = A chance to obtain 2 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity or 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity

|choice_7 = Show your originality and pray to Talanton.
|result_7 = Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity with a chance of entering a difficult battle

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In the depths of Loukas' prison, your cellmate is hatching a "precise" jailbreak plan.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As punishment for assassinating the tyrant, everyone here will be cast into the arena to be fed to the lions the next time Aquila opens their eyes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oronyx above, we offer all we have in exchange for our lives. Before the tyrant pushes us onto the gallows in their wrath, may you grant us a miracle to deliver us, your humbled disciples." You all place your worldly possessions on the tray, even gold teeth.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Nothing happens.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Perhaps Oronyx is still dreaming? Or are there too many people praying to them? How about trying the other two Fate Titans?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Keep praying to Oronyx. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Beneath the Veil of Evernight, time shows you the ancient past, an era without prisons or tyrants. The prison's stone walls crumble before your eyes, and you all stride freely into the world beyond.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pray for Janus's guidance. &mdash; A chance to obtain 2 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity or 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity
:{{DIcon|Star}} Show your originality and pray to Talanton. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity with a chance of entering a difficult battle

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625806)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A faint sliver of light engulfs your offerings, swallowed by the gaping chasm on the prison floor. A raging river surges below, but leaping in seems the much better option than waiting to die here.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Leap into the river. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625805)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Amidst low whispers that bridge the divide, the blessing of the Gate of Infinity reveals itself to you. The once-sealed prison opens itself, and all who were imprisoned here by the tyrant see the mesmerizing night sky.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Pass through the gates of freedom. &mdash; Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625808)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Scale of Justice's blessing always comes at a cost. The instant the prison gates swing open, the patrolling guards catch sight of you as well.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Stop them from sounding the alarm. &mdash; Enter a difficult battle
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_625807)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Sharp shadows shred the prison's stone walls, piercing winds chill to the bone &mdash; the Scale of Justice's blessing ends here.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Escape into the open plains. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Prayer-Line Occupied
|zhs  = 祈祷正匆忙
|zht  = 祈禱正匆忙
|ja   = {{Rubi|忙|せわ}}しくお{{Rubi|祈|いの}}り{{Rubi|中|ちゅう}}
|ko   = 바쁘게 기도 중
|es   = Oración apresurada
|fr   = Ligne de prière occupée
|ru   = Очередь на молитву
|th   = ผู้อธิษฐานที่เร่งรีบ
|vi   = Cầu Nguyện Vội Vàng
|de   = In Eile beten
|id   = Doa Terburu-buru
|pt   = Oração Apressada
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}