{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Beginning: The Machine Empire
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 7.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Screwllum
}}
'''Beginning: The Machine Empire''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome, an inorganic life that has passed the {{Color|Keyword|cognitive evaluation}}." A receptionist from the Inorganic Empire stands before you. "{{Color|Keyword|According to the test}}, you're a qualified inorganic life. Emotions: Nil. Thoughts: Nil. Senses & Artistic Appreciation: Nil. Free will: Nil."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "My name is Andatur Zazzalo, and I'm from Golcondar-7, where the people believe in the Masked Fools." The Intellitron raises its arm to shield you from the rain. "I'll be your company for the rest of your journey. Now, please choose your type of Intra-Cognition. What kind of machine are you?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A screw.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "A [[Screwllum]]! You come from the Planet Screwllum and are part of the Screwllumites!" Andatur Zazzalo chuckles, "Indeed, you have {{Color|Keyword|intelligence}}. There's a chance you can develop emotions, thoughts, senses, and free will. See, my hand is a device that can evaluate your cognition, and I've placed it above your head. Let's try it out."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "May Zandar bless you!" The Intellitron breaks into hearty laughter. "I look forward to seeing your development of Intra-Cognition. Have a great trip."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} An Intellitron.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hmm... An Intellitron. You're from the Empire of Rubert!" Andatur Zazzalo is overcome with a sudden sense of pride. "You'll be a strong warrior, as you have {{Color|Keyword|technology}}. Please believe that you contain unlimited potential!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "May His Imperial Majesty bless you!" The Intellitron breaks into hearty laughter. "I look forward to seeing your development of Intra-Cognition. Have a great trip."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't trust the Masked Fools...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oh! That's the right conclusion!" Andatur Zazzalo suddenly jumps and explains, "An inorganic life only evaluates, yet trusts nothing! As a qualified inorganic life, you don't have to be defined! I look forward to seeing your development of Intra-Cognition. Have a great trip!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Beginning: The Machine Empire
|zhs  = 开端•机械帝国
|zht  = 開端•機械帝國
|ja   = {{Rubi|発端|ほったん}}・{{Rubi|機械帝国|きかいていこく}}
|ko   = 시작•기계제국
|es   = Comienzo: el Imperio de las máquinas
|fr   = Débuts dans l'Empire des machines
|ru   = Начало: Империя машин
|th   = จุดเริ่มต้น: จักรวรรดิจักรกล
|vi   = Khởi Đầu - Đế Quốc Máy Móc
|de   = Der Anfang: Das Imperium der Maschinen
|id   = Permulaan: Kekaisaran Mesin
|pt   = Início: O Império Maquinário
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
