<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 1401
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Default.png
|domains_su    = Unknown
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You have been stuck in the Mourning Cave for ages... You have become unkempt, with a weary look in your eyes. If anyone were to come and help you at this moment, you would see them as your salvation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As you are contemplating whether to save yourself by making an eye-catching sign as bright as the *Beacon Coloring Paste*, you hear an ancient and beautiful song - The song, as refreshing as the clear rain, soothes your soul like a pot of honey tea.
:{{DIcon|Star}}  &mdash; 
:;(Increase Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The knight offers you a flower.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You receive it... The petals of Beauty melt your heart.
:{{DIcon|Star}}  &mdash; 
:;(Decrease Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' After rescuing you from danger, the Knights of Beauty are reluctant to leave. One of the knights thinks you are a fan of Curios...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The knight gives you his Curio.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I hope you're satisfied with my help," the Knight of Beauty says reverently.
:{{DIcon|Star}}  &mdash; 
:;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
:{{DIcon|Star}}  &mdash; 
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = dev_测试用事件
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}