<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Xenomorphic Containment#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26401
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Default.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 151
}}
'''Xenomorphic Containment''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Still laughing? I'm sending you to your maker.
|result_1 = Enter a tough battle. If you win, you will gain 2 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity and 100 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_2 = I'll spare your life.
|result_2 = Leave
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The police aircar weaves through the tangled lanes of drone traffic, touching down smoothly atop a three-thousand-story skyscraper. Seven minutes have passed since the emergency call, and as a High-Risk Biohazard Disposal Specialist, you've finally made it to the crime scene.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's a shapeshifter. It's already tricked a few of our officers &mdash; stay alert." The on-site officer sends a data packet straight to your neural link. The next thing you know, a stabbing pain rips through your skull.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Ahahaha! Got another one!" The officer's body liquefies into a writhing mass of slime &mdash; then reshapes itself into a giant, mocking middle finger.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Still laughing? I'm sending you to your maker. &mdash; Enter a tough battle. If you win, you will gain 2 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity and 100 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You flash a knowing smirk &mdash; what your slimy opponent doesn't realize is that, just moments ago, you hijacked the neural link and slipped a virus into its system. Outwitted and outclassed.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I'll spare your life. &mdash; Leave
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Not the best start to this mission... but a tactical retreat is better than a reckless demise. You can deal with it another day.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Xenomorphic Containment
|zhs  = 异种收容
|zht  = 異種收容
|ja   = {{Rubi|異種収容|いしゅしゅうよう}}
|ko   = 이종 수용
|es   = Colección de mutaciones
|fr   = Confinement du Xénomorphe
|ru   = Чужеродное сдерживание
|th   = รวบรวมสิ่งแปลกปลอม
|vi   = Thu Dung Dị Chủng
|de   = Abnormale Eindämmung
|id   = Penahanan Spesies Asing
|pt   = Contenção de Xenomorfos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}