{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Periodic Demon Lord
|image         = Random Event Battle.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Periodic Demon Lord''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In Vonwacq, some outsiders block your path. You size them up and realize they aren't locals. While the Vonwacq still uses stone tools, these people are wearing materials from a technologically advanced planet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The 60-natural-year cycle is about to start again, and Vonwacq's Cyclic Demon Lord will be born from the fruit of a certain type of tree. We're here to wipe this data from the biological database, as the Cyclic Demon Lord is just an alien bug!" A man declared.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Once the Demon Lord emerges from the fruit and lands on the ground, it will deal a devastating blow to our civilization. Calculations show that we are just f&mdash;f&mdash;four cycles away from its arrival!" Another outsider remarks in a trembling voice.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Overload the Cyclic Demon Lord's life algorithm and fight on!|Enter challenge and last for 4 Cycles without a character being downed to earn an additional Blessing reward.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Overload the Cyclic Demon Lord's life algorithm and fight on!|Enter challenge and last for 4 Cycles without a character being downed to earn an additional Blessing reward.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Abundance Sprite: Golden Hound*1/;Abundance Sprite: Malefic Ape*1/;Abundance Sprite: Wooden Lupus*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Hurry and delete the Cyclic Demon Lord's life algorithm &mdash; Join the challenge and achieve battle victory within 4 Cycle(s).
:;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Flamespawn*2/;Blaze Out of Space*1/}}
:::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Frostspawn*2/;Ice Out of Space*1/}}
:::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Frigid Prowler*1/}}
:::'''Variant 4:''' {{Enemy List|Automaton Grizzly*1/}}
:::'''Variant 5:''' {{Enemy List|Windspawn*2/;Stormbringer*1/}}
:::'''Variant 6:''' {{Enemy List|Automaton Hound*2/;Automaton Direwolf*1/}}
:::'''Variant 7:''' {{Enemy List|Everwinter Shadewalker*2/;Guardian Shadow*1/}}
:::'''Variant 8:''' {{Enemy List|Aurumaton Gatekeeper*1/}}
:::'''Variant 9:''' {{Enemy List|Silvermane Lieutenant*1/}}
:::'''Variant 10:''' {{Enemy List|Incineration Shadewalker*2/;Searing Prowler*1/}}
:::'''Variant 11:''' {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Periodic Demon Lord
|zhs   = 周期性大魔王
|zht   = 週期性大魔王
|ja    = 周期性大魔王
|ko    = 주기성 대마왕
|es    = Rey Demonio Cíclico
|fr    = Seigneur démon périodique
|ru    = Циклический повелитель демонов
|th    = ราชาปีศาจแห่งช่วงเวลา
|vi    = Quỷ Vương Có Tính Chu Kỳ
|de    = Zyklischer Dämonenkönig
|id    = Raja Iblis Periodik
|pt    = Lorde Demônio Cíclico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
