<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hero, Ignite That Primal Sun#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1040504
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hero, Ignite That Primal Sun.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = For the Sun is Set to Die
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Aglaea; Anaxa; Castorice, Hand of Shadow; Cipher; Hysilens; Khaslana; Mydeimos, Lance of Fury; Phainon; The Hero Within; Trailblazer; Tribbie
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [[Vortex of Genesis]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = Vortex of Genesis
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Traveler's Guide*10; Refined Aether*10; Lost Crystal*10; Credit*120,000
}}
'''''Hero, Ignite That Primal Sun''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[For the Sun is Set to Die]].

==Steps==
# Witness the truth of Amphoreus
# Bid farewell to The Homeland Within
# Talk to Hysilens
# Follow Hysilens to greet Imperator Cerydra
# Greet Imperator Cerydra
# Witness the end of the 1st Eternal Recurrence
# Talk to Anaxa
# Follow Anaxa to obtain the Coreflame of Reason
# Confront Cipher
# "You will bear the blazing sun, until the pale dawn breaks."
# "You will bear the blazing sun, until... dawn breaks..."
# Bid farewell to The Hero Within
# "You will bear the blazing sun, until..."
# Witness the end of Khaslana
# "You will bear the blazing sun, until..."
# "You will bear the blazing sun, until the pale dawn breaks."
# Witness Spirithief Bartholos stealing the Coreflame
# Witness Khaslana's response
# Perform Oronyx's Miracle to take back the Coreflame
# Defeat Spirithief Bartholos to take back the Coreflame

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Witness the truth of Amphoreus{{subst:void|<!--104050401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Vortex of Genesis|Let me tell a tale of a swarm of nymphs that chase the scorching dawn. The Paean of Era Nova...<br />For their light slips through the gate while their shadow greets the throne, for they walked through the petals in the land of repose, yet fell finally at dawn's rise...<br />They cast themselves into the source of golden blood to awaken:<br />The Worldbearer, the Deliverer, the Roarer, the one with Ever-Burning Flame.<br />He will sacrifice all he loves, and his offering shall never end.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Bid farewell to The Homeland Within{{subst:void|<!--104050402-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Hysilens{{subst:void|<!--104050403-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The 1st Eternal Recurrence: Dawncloud During Doomsday|update|Do you still remember them, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />The hero tore through the sky, the Holy Maiden fell from the cliff, and the chessmaster ignited the first Flame, all in the name of prophecy of Worldbearer.<br />What noble deeds! And yet fate, ever generous, ensures that the death-bound nymphs shall find their death nevertheless.<br />O Deliverer, behold the lifeless ash they've become! Do you still futilely dream of saving them?<br />Those who push the boulder upward will see the earth swallow them whole. Those who meddle with time earn nothing but a shattered shell.<br />Hear me. You're no different from them: The singers still scream, and the bright-eyed still go blind.<br />Go, then! March on alone &mdash;<br />Revel, dance, throw yourself into the tireless flame, and never stop!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Hysilens to greet Imperator Cerydra{{subst:void|<!--104050404-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Greet Imperator Cerydra{{subst:void|<!--104050405-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness the end of the 1st Eternal Recurrence{{subst:void|<!--104050406-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Anaxa{{subst:void|<!--104050407-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location="Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany|update|Do you still remember them, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />Once, your teacher could still guide you through the dark. And that fleet-footed traveler, the thief of Dolos, her home was yet untouched by the fires you brought.<br />Yes, the past is gone. But you, godlike warrior, did you ever shed a tear for those years, sweet as wine?<br />Weren't you once bound by blood and flesh? Wasn't golden blood thicker than water?<br />No! Let your tears flow freely. Don't let rage burn them away &mdash;<br />Then, remember to drink deep: For, to the gods, the tears of mortals are sweeter than any honey brew on Earth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Anaxa to obtain the Coreflame of Reason{{subst:void|<!--104050408-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront Cipher{{subst:void|<!--104050424-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==="You will bear the blazing sun, until the pale dawn breaks."{{subst:void|<!--104050426-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The 108642nd Eternal Recurrence: Castrum Kremnos|update|Do you still remember him, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />All hail Mydeimos, the greatest conqueror, the mightiest protector, the strongest of all. The dying lion, eyes blazing, the king with no kingdom.<br />Tell me, if Kephale never forgets &mdash; how many scars have you already carved on him? How many vertebrae have you shattered? How many times did you drive your blade through his back?<br />How did the Library of Garbaniphoro fall to flame? What color was the destruction of the last Kremnoan?<br />You pitiful jester, fit not only for singing, dancing, and jests, but also for treachery that walks the razor's edge.<br />Go on, veil your folly with the weight of the world, then adorn your fratricide with it &mdash; just to savor the taste of tragedy.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==="You will bear the blazing sun, until... dawn breaks..."{{subst:void|<!--104050432-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The 2003432nd Eternal Recurrence: Styxia|update|Do you still remember her, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />Castorice, with every sigh flowing from her fingertips and her hands blocking all words of comfort, she held each death close to her heart and swallowed every cry of grief in her palms.<br />Tell me, if Kephale never forgets, how many pairs of wings have you shattered for her? How many blossoms have you snuffed out? How many butterflies have you cast into the ashes?<br />The moonlight's fragrance once streamed like the River of Souls. How did you turn it into golden poison and make it libations for your banquet of futile deliverance?<br />And yet it is you, so-called Deliverer in sheep's clothing, who ought to be the sacrifice upon the altar to the gods!<br />Ugly beast &mdash; your seemingly pious gaze cannot hide the seething venom beneath. And that spear-like horn of yours was born to slay your kin.<br />So feast upon bones and call it grace. The sweetness will surely convince you: "I never truly knew anything about the blade of slaughter."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Bid farewell to The Hero Within{{subst:void|<!--104050438-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The Homeland Within|update|Do you still remember, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />In that drunken dream, the mountains loomed high and steep &mdash; and there, you saw yourself.<br />Believe me, O future witness &mdash; he stood atop that peak, and the people sang with him in ecstasy.<br />The broken Chrysos Heirs, the twisted demigods &mdash; they sang, they spun, they stamped their feet upon the ground with him.<br />Hail! Terror struck his heart: Prophecy burned in every soul, wild with rapture and madness.<br />Hail! Spare them, Khaslana, spare them &mdash; your peerless flame sends chills down every spine!<br />Let them sing of the tireless heroes, sing of the Era Nova, sing of that land where wine and honey flow in torrents.<br />Let them sing how he wove new glory among the stars, and how the Eternal City crashed to dust.<br />How Okhemans, Castrum Kremnos, and every lineage they knew were destroyed.<br />As for Khaslana &mdash; He is still within the drunken dreams, upon the sheer and jagged peak!<br />There he lights flame with blood, and blood with flame, like a sun whose blaze banished all evil from its path.<br />The mountains rise cruel and steep. Yet still he dances there alone, wild and unceasing in his joy.<br />Yet all proves futile &mdash; the flames know no weariness, and dawn is beyond reach.<br />All proves futile &mdash; the flames know no weariness, and dawn is beyond reach.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==="You will bear the blazing sun, until..."{{subst:void|<!--104050440-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness the end of Khaslana{{subst:void|<!--104050460-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==="You will bear the blazing sun, until..."{{subst:void|<!--104050450-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==="You will bear the blazing sun, until the pale dawn breaks."{{subst:void|<!--104050429-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The 108642nd Eternal Recurrence: Castrum Kremnos|update|Do you still remember him, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />All hail Mydeimos, the greatest conqueror, the mightiest protector, the strongest of all. The dying lion, eyes blazing, the king with no kingdom.<br />Tell me, if Kephale never forgets &mdash; how many scars have you already carved on him? How many vertebrae have you shattered? How many times did you drive your blade through his back?<br />How did the Library of Garbaniphoro fall to flame? What color was the destruction of the last Kremnoan?<br />You pitiful jester, fit not only for singing, dancing, and jests, but also for treachery that walks the razor's edge.<br />Go on, veil your folly with the weight of the world, then adorn your fratricide with it &mdash; just to savor the taste of tragedy.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness Spirithief Bartholos stealing the Coreflame{{subst:void|<!--104050409-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location="Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany|update|Do you still remember them, Khaslana, the one who won't reach the dawn?<br />Once, your teacher could still guide you through the dark. And that fleet-footed traveler, the thief of Dolos, her home was yet untouched by the fires you brought.<br />Yes, the past is gone. But you, godlike warrior, did you ever shed a tear for those years, sweet as wine?<br />Weren't you once bound by blood and flesh? Wasn't golden blood thicker than water?<br />No! Let your tears flow freely. Don't let rage burn them away &mdash;<br />Then, remember to drink deep: For, to the gods, the tears of mortals are sweeter than any honey brew on Earth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness Khaslana's response{{subst:void|<!--104050420-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Perform Oronyx's Miracle to take back the Coreflame{{subst:void|<!--104050421-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat Spirithief Bartholos to take back the Coreflame{{subst:void|<!--104050423-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hero, Ignite That Primal Sun
|zhs  = 英雄啊，点燃那最初的骄阳
|zht  = 英雄啊，點燃那最初的驕陽
|ja   = 英雄よ、灼熱の太陽を最初に灯せ
|ko   = 영웅이여, 저 최초의 태양을 밝혀라
|es   = {{MC|f=Heroína|m=Héroe}}, prende el sol primigenio.
|fr   = Héros, embrase le soleil antique
|ru   = О герой, зажги первое солнце
|th   = วีรชนเอ๋ย จงจุดแสงตะวันแรกเริ่ม
|vi   = Hỡi anh hùng, hãy thắp sáng bình minh đầu tiên
|de   = O Helden, entzündet die erste glühende Sonne
|id   = Wahai Pahlawan, Nyalakan Surya Pertama Itu
|pt   = Herói, Desperte o Sol Primordial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}
