<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fyxestroll Gathering (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015191
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Fyxestroll Gathering (I).png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie]]'' completed
* Reach phase 1 in [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]]
|summary       = Summoned by the Ten-Lords Commission, you have established the "Ten-Lords Commission Special Operations Team for the Heliobi Containment Breach Incident."<br />Now, you need to collect clues about the escaped heliobi from the Ghostly Grove.
|characters    = Cirrus; Guinaifen; Hanya; Huohuo; Jing Yuan; Sushang; Tail; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie
|next          = Twin Bond
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Fyxestroll Gathering (I)''''' is an Event [[Trailblaze Continuance]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Meet up with Guinaifen in Fyxestroll Garden
# Talk to Huohuo and learn about the task commissioned by the Ten-Lords Commission

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Talk to Cirrus)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 101.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' This boredom is killing me... the only entertainment I have around here is watching the insects fly by.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 102 f.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Speaking of which, it seems one of them has come to visit me. I wonder, is {{MC|f=she|m=he}} here to taunt me, or implement some sort of restorative justice? We'll just have to wait and see...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Still haven't given up?
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 103.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' The Ten-Lords Commission judges won't abandon one of their own... but they won't let me off the hook either.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 104.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' So now I'm stuck here, condemned to eternal boredom. Hehe, I wonder which will last longer &mdash; the lifespan of my jailors, or the patience of a heliobus...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 105.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' In any case, time is on my side, so long as the Xianzhou are willing to maintain some facade of humanity.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your terms of surrender?
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 106.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Surrender? Why would I do that? To you, I may as well be fighting an unwinnable battle &mdash; wasting my time away in someone else's body...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 107.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' ...but for me, the game has only just begun. The Ten-Lords Commission doesn't have any moves left... and I still have time to turn the game in my favor.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 108.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' You know, it wasn't that long ago that you and those judges would have become my pawns &mdash; if it wasn't for that meddling guard dog...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm speechless.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy mingchaiA 109.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' If you have nothing to say, then run along and let me be.

;(Talk to Huohuo)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy hanya 152.ogg}} '''Hanya:''' Cirrus... The only one who may have knowledge of Tail's whereabouts is Cirrus... whose plans were foiled due to Tail's actions.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 242.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Even if Cirrus doesn't know where Tail is, given the shared history, they wouldn't hesitate to cause trouble...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy hanya 153.ogg}} '''Hanya:''' Let's go, we must try to squeeze some answers out of Cirrus.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Understood, Captain Huohuo.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 103.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I'm really surprised that Madam Hanya asked me to be the leader of the ghost-hunting squad.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 104.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' After Tail disappeared, I thought for sure the Commission would ask me to resign, but for some reason... A&mdash;Anyway, I'll do my best to carry out my duties!
::We're all counting on you, Judge Huohuo.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're all counting on you, Judge Huohuo.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 105.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Actually, I'm not sure if I can be helpful anymore...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 106.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' After Tail disappeared, I thought for sure the Commission would ask me to resign... but for some reason, Madam Hanya asked me to be the leader of the ghost-hunting squad.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 107.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' A&mdash;Anyway, I'll do my best to carry out my duties!
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 108.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' As for our mission... Cirrus was locked up in Fyxestroll Garden, but there were a lot of other heliobi that escaped after the Creation Furnace was broken.
:{{tx}}
----

;(Talk to Sushang)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 109.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Let's see... Ghast&mdash;ly Grayv... ee? Ghastly Gravy!? What kind of website is that?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 107.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Ugh, it's Ghostly Grove, not Ghastly Gravy!
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 111.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Ghostly Grove is the most renowned website for paranormal enthusiasts on the Luofu. Everyone who loves the mysterious and the unexplained knows about it.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 112.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I used to go there to read first-hand accounts of ghost sightings whenever I needed to build up my courage.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 113.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' We can get our leads from this website and then investigate them posing as paranormal investigators.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 114.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' That means we can operate more efficiently, and with a low profile... If people started to see a spiritfarer making door-to-door visits, they might begin to panic... and that would give the heliobi even more power over their hosts.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 108.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Look, I'm a new user, so I only have a few followers on this site... but based on past experience, once you get a following, people start flooding you with stories and news about paranormal activity.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if all the leads we get turn out to be fake?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A lot of paranormal activity is just people in costumes.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 109.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' We have our work cut out for us, that's for sure. Sometimes a lead is obviously fake, but other times... it's hard to tell from just a few words on the Internet.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 110.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' After all, some people will make up all kinds of nonsense to attract attention.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 110.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' So we still have to go out and fact-check the leads?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 115.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Mm. Plus, the spiritfarers from the Ten-Lords Commission will be carrying out their own investigation in secret as well.

;(Talk to Guinaifen)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 132.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Lady Bailu disappeared? That's nothing new &mdash; she sneaks off all the time.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 124.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' That's not the point &mdash; here, read this part...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 125.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' "One of the healers from the Alchemy Commission had Lady Bailu cornered, but then she disappeared into thin air..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe they were seeing things.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe they made it up.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 126.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Judging from the comments, there were several witnesses. Sure, Lady Bailu runs away all the time, but disappearing into thin air?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 130.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' It looks like the work of a heliobus... The heliobi are masters of manipulating the senses. There are stories of heliobi changing their shape and appearance to disguise themselves as someone else.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 133.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Okay, so what are we waiting for? Let's get moving and see if we can find some witnesses.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 131.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Before we head out, let's make sure we have our intel in order.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 132.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' If we can better understand what a heliobus wants to do &mdash; and what it's capable of doing &mdash; it'll be easier for us to help the victim.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 133.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Interviewing witnesses might give us some clues, but they won't know anything about heliobi. I... I think I have an idea... We have another source of intel we could use...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You mean... Cirrus?
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 127.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' That's right! Those heliobi were locked up in the same space for ages! They probably got to know their fellow prisoners like the back of their... Huh, I guess they don't really have hands...
::Why would Cirrus help us?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why would Cirrus help us?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 128.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' I heard from Miss Hanya that Cirrus is caught in a stalemate &mdash; the Evil Binding Matrix has trapped them. Will they really cooperate with us?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 134.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Th&mdash;The thought of seeing Cirrus sends shivers down my spine... but I bet Cirrus would be eager to see me again... they'd devour me whole if they could.
:{{tx}}
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet up with Guinaifen in Fyxestroll Garden{{subst:void|<!--801519102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|The harrowing adventure in Fyxestroll Garden is an experience you hesitate to recount, but you simply cannot escape the mischievous hand of fate. Your next adventure begins with your blind faith in Little Gui's message, just as it did before.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 50
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Joyful",
	"SubMissionID": 801519102
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 101.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Yo, what's up! You're finally here! Without you, our ghost-hunting squad would be nothing!
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 101.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Hey, I'm a reliable squad member too!
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 102.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Sure, when you're not passed out in fear! Hehe...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 102.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Cut it out &mdash; if you keep teasing me, I&mdash;I... I'm not gonna perform my boulder-smashing trick for you anymore!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's this ghost-hunting squad all about?
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} By decree of the Ten Lords?
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Using our special skills?
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any more questions.
::{{tx}}
::{{Black Screen|After Hanya delivered the task to the ghost-hunting squad, she left to continue resolving matters at Fyxestroll Garden.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"ResetToFloorDefault": true,
	"SubMissionID": 801519102
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Huohuo and learn about the task commissioned by the Ten-Lords Commission{{subst:void|<!--801519103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|When you arrive at Fyxestroll Garden, a ghost-hunting squad is already assembled &mdash; organized under the grace of the Ten-Lords Commission, no less. Guinaifen intends to find information about escaped heliobi using the most prominent website on supernatural phenomena on the Xianzhou Luofu. Could this be the beginning of yet another tumultuous adventure?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 285.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...Besides, when Mr. Tail isn't around, the other heliobi pick on me. I feel safer when Tail is here.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy tail 151.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Other heliobi? Hmph, I'm the only heliobus you need to worry about.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy hanya 182.ogg}} '''Hanya:''' Well then, I will take care of the Cirrus situation. As for what gets written in the Luofu's Ghostly Grove, I'll leave that up to you.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy hanya 183.ogg}} '''Hanya:''' One more thing, don't forget to seal the heliobi within the Evil Binding Matrix.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 286.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Yes ma'am!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if all the leads we get turn out to be fake?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A lot of paranormal activity is just people in costumes.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 109.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' We have our work cut out for us, that's for sure. Sometimes a lead is obviously fake, but other times... it's hard to tell from just a few words on the Internet.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 110.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' After all, some people will make up all kinds of nonsense to attract attention.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 110.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' So we still have to go out and fact-check the leads?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 115.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Mm. Plus, the spiritfarers from the Ten-Lords Commission will be carrying out their own investigation in secret as well.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 111.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Speaking of attracting attention... how do we get a following on a paranormal activity website? Sounds like Little Gui's department &mdash; she used me in some of her performances just to draw a bigger crowd.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 111.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' That's the easy part &mdash; we just post some videos of us ghost hunting... Uh, I mean, subduing heliobi! We're working for the Ten-Lord's Commission after all &mdash; we're gonna have the best content out there!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will the Ten-Lords agree to this?
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 112.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Madam Hanya has already given us the green light. We'll record our heliobi-hunting expeditions to get more followers, and then use the intel from our followers to find more heliobi. It's like a vicious cycle... W&mdash;Wait &mdash; a virtuous cycle!
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy jingyuan 170.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' That it may be, but they cause no shortage of trouble. Perhaps I could glean some wisdom from the Xianzhou Zhuming...
::It would've been easier if you'd stepped in from the start...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy jingyuan 171.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' In my estimation, this heliobus was not an overwhelming problem for you. Besides, each of you has appeared to gain something from this series of events.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy jingyuan 172.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' This excursion was not an official matter &mdash; I didn't report it to the counselors. What remains of it will be left to the Ten-Lords Commission, and once matters have concluded, I believe everyone present will be duly rewarded.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy jingyuan 173.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' And as for you and the young Miss Guinaifen, rest assured you won't be short-changed. You see? Helping the general of the Luofu does have its perks. It's time I took my leave. Farewell.
::Does sound kinda effective...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does sound kinda effective...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 112.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Wait, aren't we supposed to be operating in secret?
:{{tx}}
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fyxestroll Gathering (I)
|zhs  = 绥园聚首•其一
|zht  = 綏園聚首•其一
|ja   = 綏園の集い・其の一
|ko   = 유원에서의 회합•1
|es   = Reunión en el Jardín del Sosiego&nbsp;I
|fr   = Réunion au Jardin de vulpeflâne I
|ru   = Встреча в Саду безмятежности I
|th   = สวนเฮี้ยนแดนสงัด 1
|vi   = Tập Hợp Tại Khu Vườn Tĩnh Mịch 1
|de   = Versammlung im Fuchsfeengarten I
|id   = Pertemuan Fyxestroll Garden 1
|pt   = Encontro Flamavulpe (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
