<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fyxestroll Gathering (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015192
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Fyxestroll Gathering (II).png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = Reach phase 2 in [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]]
|summary       = Summoned by the Ten-Lords Commission, you have established the "Ten-Lords Commission Special Operations Team for the Heliobi Containment Breach Incident."<br />Now, you need to collect clues about the escaped heliobi from the Ghostly Grove.
|characters    = Guinaifen; Huohuo; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = Percipient
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Fyxestroll Gathering (II)''''' is an Event [[Trailblaze Continuance]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Meet up with your teammates in Fyxestroll Garden
# Talk to Guinaifen and check the post asking for help

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Meet up with your teammates in Fyxestroll Garden{{subst:void|<!--801519201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|Once again, you reunite with your fellow ghost hunters at Fyxestroll Garden. Scanning through the posts on Ghostly Grove and conducting investigations have become routine tasks for you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 51
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Joyful",
	"SubMissionID": 801519201
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 175 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 175 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Hello. Let's get started with today's operations.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 194.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' The Ten-Lords Commission Special Operations Team for the Heliobus Containment Breach Incident &mdash; A.K.A the ghost-hunting squad &mdash; is ready for action! Yeahhh⁓!
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 164.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Yeah...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 176.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah!
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 195.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Looks like we're the only ones in good spirits today...
::Clocking in...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 196.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Yo, why the exhaustion? You look like the officers over at the Realm-Keeping Commission.
::Can I switch to a four-day week?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Clocking in...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 196.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Yo, why the exhaustion? You look like the officers over at the Realm-Keeping Commission.
::Can I switch to a four-day week?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I switch to a four-day week?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 197.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' I don't think that was included in the job posting. Actually, I don't think there ever was a job posting.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 165.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I'm sleepy... Little Gui, what kind of magical elixir did you take to make you so energetic?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 198.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Every time I see our follower count increase, I get so excited I can't even sleep &mdash; it works better than any kind of tea or coffee.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 166.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Well aren't you lucky. As soon as I closed my eyes, I dreamt of endless running and circling and chasing after Lady Bailu... it was even more exhausting than doing it in real life.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 199.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Sushang, you slept for an entire day!
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 167.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Catching ghosts is a night job &mdash; it only makes sense to sleep during the day.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 168.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I have an idea &mdash; how about we all just pretend that I've been possessed by a sleep ghost, let me sleep for another ten hours, and then call it a day's work?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sound like someone I know...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 200.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' A certain Celestial Jade-playing Divination Commission employee, perhaps...?
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 169.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Divination Commission? Celestial Jade? Shouldn't they be doing... divinations?
::Sounds like you've spent time with Qingque...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like you've spent time with Qingque...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 177.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' That's the Celestial Jade player over at Exalting Sanctum! Whenever I pass through on official business, I always see her with loads of other players.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 201.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Even a judge knows her! Her reputation sure does precede her...
----

;(Talk to Guinaifen)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 202.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' It's this girl. Here, look at this post.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowTransitionLoadingUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Heliobus.Transition.HeliobusTransitionDialog"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Heliobus.SNS.SNSMain.SNSDetail.HeliobusSNSDetailDialog",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "102"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ExitTransitionLoadingUI"
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Guinaifen and check the post asking for help{{subst:void|<!--801519202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Having completed your adventure, you reunite with your fellow ghost hunters at Fyxestroll Garden. Scanning through the posts on Ghostly Grove and conducting investigations have become routine tasks for you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fyxestroll Gathering (II)
|zhs  = 绥园聚首•其二
|zht  = 綏園聚首•其二
|ja   = 綏園の集い・其の二
|ko   = 유원에서의 회합•2
|es   = Reunión en el Jardín del Sosiego&nbsp;II
|fr   = Réunion au Jardin de vulpeflâne II
|ru   = Встреча в Саду безмятежности II
|th   = สวนเฮี้ยนแดนสงัด 2
|vi   = Tập Hợp Tại Khu Vườn Tĩnh Mịch 2
|de   = Versammlung im Fuchsfeengarten II
|id   = Pertemuan Fyxestroll Garden 2
|pt   = Encontro Flamavulpe (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
