<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fyxestroll Gathering (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015193
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Fyxestroll Gathering (III).png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = Reach phase 3 in [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]]
|summary       = Summoned by the Ten-Lords Commission, you have established the "Ten-Lords Commission Special Operations Team for the Heliobi Containment Breach Incident."<br />Now, you need to collect clues about the escaped heliobi from the Ghostly Grove.
|characters    = Guinaifen; Huohuo; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = Sword Essence
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Fyxestroll Gathering (III)''''' is an Event [[Trailblaze Continuance]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Meet up with your teammates in Fyxestroll Garden
# Talk to Huohuo and check the post asking for help

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Meet up with your teammates in Fyxestroll Garden{{subst:void|<!--801519301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|Once again, you reunite with your fellow ghost hunters at Fyxestroll Garden. Scanning through the posts on Ghostly Grove and conducting investigations have become routine tasks for you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 52
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 213.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' I don't think searching like this is the best way...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 213.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' "Diner haunted! Evil spirit breaks into restaurant and eats double its body weight in food!" ...Do you think Tail did this? Seems like his style...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 183.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Sounds like a very hungry criminal came up with a very poor excuse...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 214.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' What about this one... "Paranormal activity reported at exclusive horror immersia! Guests experience haunting within seven days of screening!"
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 215.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' It reminds me of when I used to watch horror immersia to train my courage... whenever there was a suspenseful moment, Tail would jump up and scare me.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 184.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Guys, I feel like this is just some sort of prank... or a marketing stunt to boost ticket sales.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you guys up to?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have we planned out our next steps yet?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 185.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Huohuo has been browsing Ghostly Grove for hours. Every time she finds a suspicious incident, she says: "Do you think Tail did this?"
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 186.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' The problem is, any suspicious incident could be Tail-related when you think about it...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 216.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I feel like Tail is still around... but if so, why didn't he come back to see me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He'll come back.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, he is a heliobus...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 214.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' That's right &mdash; we can't really know what a heliobus is thinking, right? Tail was sealed away for ages and then suddenly let free... If it were me, I'd want some away time.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 215.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' You'll just have to be a little patient.

;(Talk to Huohuo)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy huohuo 220.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Hey! Look at this!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowTransitionLoadingUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Heliobus.Transition.HeliobusTransitionDialog"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Heliobus.SNS.SNSMain.SNSDetail.HeliobusSNSDetailDialog",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "103"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ExitTransitionLoadingUI"
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Huohuo and check the post asking for help{{subst:void|<!--801519302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Having completed your adventure, you reunite with your fellow ghost hunters at Fyxestroll Garden. Scanning through the posts on Ghostly Grove and conducting investigations have become routine tasks for you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fyxestroll Gathering (III)
|zhs  = 绥园聚首•其三
|zht  = 綏園聚首•其三
|ja   = 綏園の集い・其の三
|ko   = 유원에서의 회합•3
|es   = Reunión en el Jardín del Sosiego&nbsp;III
|fr   = Réunion au Jardin de vulpeflâne III
|ru   = Встреча в Саду безмятежности III
|th   = สวนเฮี้ยนแดนสงัด 3
|vi   = Tập Hợp Tại Khu Vườn Tĩnh Mịch 3
|de   = Versammlung im Fuchsfeengarten III
|id   = Pertemuan Fyxestroll Garden 3
|pt   = Encontro Flamavulpe (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
