<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2021705
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cirrus; Huohuo; Possessed Spiritfarer; Sushang; Trailblazer; Xueyi
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,500; Stellar Jade*150; Traveler's Guide*15; Refined Aether*12; Lost Crystal*12; "Dancing Fantasms"*1 { text = "Dancing Fantasms" }; Credit*150,000
}}
'''''Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted (Continuance)|A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]].

==Steps==
# Talk with Huohuo
# (Optional) Talk with Xueyi
# (Optional) Talk with Cirrus
# Go to Aurum Alley and talk with Sushang

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk with Huohuo{{subst:void|<!--202170501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|The dust has settled... quite literally. After a night full of twists, noise, and running around with the Judges, you've finally reached the end of this eerie tale. But, just like most horror movies you've seen, directors always like to leave hints for a sequel... You pray to the heavens that there won't be a sequel!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO side2 hh player 128 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh player 128 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I wonder how Huohuo is doing... I should check up on her.)

;(Talk to Xueyi)
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 177.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' The one possessing Huohuo... seems to have disappeared. I don't know if I should be happy or sad for her...
::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 178.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Never mind. I've never been good at figuring out emotions.
::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 179.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Thank you for your assistance, Nameless. Reinforcements from the Ten-Lords Commission will be here soon, and Guinaifen will be sent to an apothecary.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Your body seems to be severely malfunctioning.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 180.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' It is only an artificial ingenium body. I can swap into another one easily. Do not worry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I don't see Judge Hanya anywhere...
:::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 181.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Hanya returned to the Ten-Lords Commission after you left. She is coming with the reinforcements as we speak.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is Cirrus dead?
:::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 182.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' No. The demon lives on. They even possessed a young spiritfarer under my command. "As Starfire Essences, the heliobi will never die" &mdash; the records in the Ten-Lords Commission's evil-binding tomes were all real...
:::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 183.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Cirrus lost most of their power and poses no danger for the time being. But they will remain a threat for as long as they exist...
:::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 184.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Thankfully, the Ten-Lords Commission had prepared other sacred vessels to suppress the heliobi. We will construct a matrix all over this abandoned garden and seal the heliobi within. The Xianzhou will live to see another day.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 185.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' We can leave the rest to the Ten-Lords Commission from here... Even I feel like I need a rest.
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 186.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' We can leave the rest to the Ten-Lords Commission from here... Even I feel like I need a rest.

;(Talk to Huohuo)
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 258.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Tail... Mr. Tail...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened to Tail...?
:::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 259.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Tail distracted Cirrus... He helped us so much... B&mdash;But now he's gone...
:::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 260.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I can't sense him anywhere... He's gone.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huohuo...
:::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 261.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' What kind of judge am I...
:::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 262.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' If I were stronger, Mr. Tail wouldn't have had to sacrifice himself...
::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 263.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' It was because of him that I ended up in this terrible job...
::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 264.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...and I've thought so much about how much better my life would be if I never met him... but now that he's actually gone... I feel so empty inside...
::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 265.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I really am useless... I've been looking forward to this day for so long, but now that it's here... I don't feel happy at all.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Heliobi don't die that easily.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 266.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Wait, you're right... Madam Xueyi said that heliobi are eternal flames that will never burn away. Mr. Tail... He must still be out there somewhere.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's free now.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 267.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...I guess he is...
::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 268 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 268 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Don't worry, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)... I'm okay. I need to pull myself together and finish the job...
::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 269.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Oh, the Ten-Lords Commission contacted Miss Guinaifen's friend &mdash; Miss Sushang. I can't leave my post, so... could you let Miss Sushang know what happened...? She'll be relieved.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 270.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...Thank you. I'm much better now. Could you please let Miss Sushang know what happened...? She'll be relieved.

;(Talk to Possessed Spiritfarer)
:{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 101.ogg}} '''Possessed Spiritfarer:''' ...Grahhhh, don't even think about sealing me in the matrix!
::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 102.ogg}} '''Possessed Spiritfarer:''' You wretched fools! Tail, the judges, you... One day...
::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 103.ogg}} '''Possessed Spiritfarer:''' ...one day, sooner or later, I'll tear you all to pieces. I'll crunch your bones to dust, sap every drop of your strength, and spit you out into the dirt where you belong...
::{{DIcon|Talk}} ...Cirrus?
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 104.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Already forgetting me?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wanna hug, sweety?
::::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 105.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Tsk, your human tongues are no less poisonous than ours.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope you repent.
::::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 106.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Heliobi are faced with only a single punishment &mdash; eternal imprisonment. They can lock me up, but they can't kill me.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Leave the kid alone.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 107.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Kid? As a spiritfarer, he's already experienced more than you could in a lifetime.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 108.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' For as long as I'm sealed in the matrix, I will inhabit this body. The judges can stick as many talismans and pour as much enchanted water on this flesh as they like &mdash; I don't care. As long as they want to save their own, I still have a bargaining chip.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What tricks can you possibly pull as you are now?
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 109 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 109 f.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' There are many, (Trailblazer)... I will exist forever.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 110.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' I have lived for countless years. I existed before the Alliance was even an idea. And once the Alliance has turned to dust, I will continue to exist for countless more Amber Eras.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 111.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' I can wait. I'll wait for humans to let their guard down. I'll wait till the matrix drawn over Fyxestroll Garden collapses. Time and opportunity will always be on my side.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Goodbye.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 112.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' ...We will meet again.
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 113.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' I wasn't the only heliobus to escape when the Creation Furnace was destroyed... there are more of us than the mere few in Fyxestroll Garden. Where are they now? And what will they do to the Luofu?
:::{{A|VO side2 hh mingchaiA 114.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' I look forward to seeing how the Ten-Lords Commission responds in the coming days...
:::Cirrus stares at you in silence, and you can tell from their eyes that they are conspiring.
:Cirrus stares at you in silence, and you can tell from their eyes that they are conspiring.
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Talk with Xueyi{{subst:void|<!--202170502-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Talk with Cirrus{{subst:void|<!--202170503-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Aurum Alley and talk with Sushang{{subst:void|<!--202170504-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Aurum Alley|update|This has now all come to an end, for the time being. Huohuo is worried about Guinaifen, and she hopes you can pass the news on soon to Guinaifen's bestie, Sushang.<br />Not going with Guinaifen to Fyxestroll Garden may have been the correct decision for Sushang to make, but it may also be one that she might come to regret... Anyway, let's go have a chat.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sushang)
----
:{{A|VO side2 hh sushang 101.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Little Gui kinda gave me an outline of what happened in the apothecary... Can you tell me more?
:{{A|VO side2 hh sushang 102.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Thanks for telling me everything. I didn't think things would get so out of hand...
:{{A|VO side2 hh sushang 103.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I would've been able to help you if I were there too... and maybe Little Gui wouldn't have ended up in the apothecary... *sigh*
:{{A|VO side2 hh sushang 104.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' You don't need to worry about Little Gui. She won't be able to sit still, even in a sick ward. I'm sure she'll come find you again in no time.
:{{A|VO side2 hh sushang 105.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I'm heading to the apothecary to check up on her. Catch you later.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie
|zhs  = 游园惊梦
|zht  = 遊園驚夢
|ja   = 游園驚夢
|ko   = 유원경몽
|es   = Sustos en el parque
|fr   = Promenade fantasmagorique
|ru   = Прогулка по саду и прерванный сон
|th   = ฝันผวาในสวนเฮี้ยน
|vi   = Ác Mộng Vườn Hoang
|de   = Garten der Albträume
|id   = Mimpi Buruk di Taman
|pt   = Devaneio Lúgubre do Visitante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
