<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2021701
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead]]'' completed
|summary       = The heliobi escaped from the shattered Creation Furnace to Fyxestroll Garden to challenge a certain general on the Luofu.<br />Cirrus aimed to merge its companions for increased power, but you have thwarted its plan.
|characters    = Guinaifen; Hanya; Huohuo; Tail; Trailblazer; Wraith Warden; Xueyi
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Exalting Sanctum]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Exalting Sanctum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,500; Stellar Jade*150; Traveler's Guide*15; Refined Aether*12; Lost Crystal*12; "Dancing Fantasms"*1 { text = "Dancing Fantasms" }; Credit*150,000
}}
'''''Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted (Continuance)|A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]].

==Steps==
# Chat with Guinaifen at Aurum Alley
# Go to Fyxestroll Garden with Guinaifen
# Explore Fyxestroll Garden! Bring it on, shades!
# Chat with Huohuo, and get her to guide you out
# Find Guinaifen in Locufox Forest
# Meet up with Guinaifen, who claims to have encountered a paranormal event
# Explore Fyxestroll Garden! Bring it on, schmucks! Huh!

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Chat with Guinaifen at Aurum Alley===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Exalting Sanctum|No matter what kind of science-, magic-, faith-, or whatever-based upbringing you've had, when a third-tier influencer sends you a spam message claiming to have encountered supernatural entities in a deserted garden, your reaction would be: 1. "Sweet lol, I can meet up with this hot babe!" 2. "A new online scam? Blocked." 3. "Whatever. Let's check this out."<br />Naturally, no matter which one you choose, you would have steeled your mind to not give even 50 credits for this trip no matter what she says! No matter what! Besides, it's not like you have any disposable income.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Fyxestroll Garden with Guinaifen===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=<!--to be added-->|update|You see Guinaifen, and she's as beautiful in person as she is online... Ahem, we've digressed. The girl is trying very hard to convince you that she just experienced a spooky encounter, even shoving a video of it in your face.<br />Even video content can't be trusted these days, but her flustered tone and unbridled expressions do hint at some kind of terror surrounding that Fyxestroll Garden place... Heh, the Nameless shall uncover the secret behind all this! Let's go ghostbusting at Fyxestroll Garden!<br />Right now, you won't get it &mdash; but curiosity forms the basis for the start of all good horror movies...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Explore Fyxestroll Garden! Bring it on, shades!===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|You two &mdash; yes, only you two &mdash; arrive at the long-abandoned Fyxestroll Garden. The protagonists in most horror movies always like to brashly break into derelict buildings that are rumored to be haunted, completely disregarding all safety concerns and bringing in only a small party. If only they stopped to think things over, then none of the stories that follow would ever have happened.<br />On the way over, Guinaifen diligently recounts for you how Fyxestroll Garden ended up getting abandoned... all the while shooting plenty of spooky footage along the way. You can't help but feel it's actually quite hard for internet influencers to make a living, especially if they have to keep taking photos while resisting the urge to run away from such an ominous place, like a reporter at a homicide scene. This place really does feel as though it's haunted... Where, then, are the ghosts?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with Huohuo, and get her to guide you out===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|You don't see a ghost, but rather something even more horrifying: A Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission! Despite reason telling you these three Judges are all human beings, each one of them seems more terrifying than the next: The emaciated little girl housing a spirit within her, the burly giantess with the white curtain bangs and faint voice, and the only one you've met before, Xueyi, is a mechanical puppet. A ghost is nothing compared to that.<br />The Judges patiently explain it in layman's terms to convince you and Guinaifen to return: There are no ghosts aboard the Xianzhou, just some extraterrestrial parasites that have escaped millennia of imprisonment. Don't wander around here for no reason, as it hinders us from carrying out our official duties.<br />Good news &mdash; There are no ghosts running around Fyxestroll Garden! Bad news &mdash; There's an alien parasite running around Fyxestroll Garden... Isn't that even scarier!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Guinaifen in Locufox Forest===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Huohuo escorted you both all the way out of Fyxestroll Garden. However, a sudden eerie wind blew, and thick fog enveloped the surroundings. When you looked back, Guinaifen had vanished... Huohuo, with her legs trembling, begs you to find Guinaifen &mdash; just who is the official personnel here? She's quite a handful!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet up with Guinaifen, who claims to have encountered a paranormal event===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|No matter what kind of science-, magic-, faith-, or whatever-based upbringing you've had, when a third-tier influencer sends you a spam message claiming to have encountered supernatural entities in a deserted garden, your reaction would be: 1. "Sweet lol, I can meet up with this hot babe!" 2. "A new online scam? Blocked." 3. "Whatever. Let's check this out."<br />Naturally, no matter which one you choose, you would have steeled your mind to not give even 50 credits for this trip no matter what she says! No matter what! Besides, it's not like you have any disposable income.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Explore Fyxestroll Garden! Bring it on, schmucks! Huh!===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|You two &mdash; yes, only you two &mdash; arrive at the long-abandoned Fyxestroll Garden. The protagonists in most horror movies always like to brashly break into derelict buildings that are rumored to be haunted, completely disregarding all safety concerns and bringing in only a small party. If only they stopped to think things over, then none of the stories that follow would ever have happened.<br />On the way over, Guinaifen diligently recounts for you how Fyxestroll Garden ended up getting abandoned... all the while shooting plenty of spooky footage along the way. You can't help but feel it's actually quite hard for internet influencers to make a living, especially if they have to keep taking photos while resisting the urge to run away from such an ominous place, like a reporter at a homicide scene. This place really does feel as though it's haunted... Where, then, are the ghosts?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie
|zhs  = 游园惊梦
|zht  = 遊園驚夢
|ja   = 游園驚夢
|ko   = 유원경몽
|es   = Sustos en el parque
|fr   = Promenade fantasmagorique
|ru   = Прогулка по саду и прерванный сон
|th   = ฝันผวาในสวนเฮี้ยน
|vi   = Ác Mộng Vườn Hoang
|de   = Garten der Albträume
|id   = Mimpi Buruk di Taman
|pt   = Devaneio Lúgubre do Visitante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
