<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2021704
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cirrus; Distant Voice; Furynox's Fragment; Huohuo; Tail; Trailblazer; Xueyi
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,500; Stellar Jade*150; Traveler's Guide*15; Refined Aether*12; Lost Crystal*12; "Dancing Fantasms"*1 { text = "Dancing Fantasms" }; Credit*150,000
}}
'''''Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted (Continuance)|A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]].

==Steps==
# Go to Swallowsong Pavilion as proposed by Cirrus and chat with Furynox
# Talk to Xueyi and come up with a strategy
# Defeat the host and collect heliobus fragments
# Go to the Verdantia Terrace to meet up with Xueyi
# Defeat Cirrus

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to Swallowsong Pavilion as proposed by Cirrus and chat with Furynox{{subst:void|<!--202170401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|Cirrus claims to know Furynox like the back of its hand, and proposes a game changer of a counter. But does this shifty creature really want to help humanity win? Or could it be that it secretly harbors ulterior motives? We'll never know what's up its sleeve unless we let it play its trump card. You're nervous, but you have to hold on until that trump card gets played.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 189.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' You've heard the story of Ignamar and the great heliobus's glorious fight against the general. They were an entity born of many heliobi fusing together...
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 190.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' ...but heliobi are gradually tainted by the emotions and desires of those we possess. We tend to spite each other and don't like to fuse together &mdash; it's like having multiple personalities inside a single head. It leads to "infighting..."
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 191.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' A powerful heliobus like Ignamar or Furynox might be able to swallow a lesser heliobus and placate them for a while...
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 192.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' ...but this internal balance is easily broken when exposed to external forces &mdash; just like how we were torn apart and reborn after Ignamar fought the general.
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 156.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Therefore... this might be the way to defeat Furynox. We can cause them to break apart and reduce their power, then the Ten-Lords Commission can use their sacred vessels to seal up all of Furynox's fragments.
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 157.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' I have a question. Why are you betraying your own kin? Why would you help the Xianzhou when we have sealed you for so long?
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 193.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Why? Must heliobi always have a reason for their behavior? Perhaps I don't want Furynox to devour me. Perhaps I dislike idiots who use force and nothing else. Perhaps I wish to fight the general myself...
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 194.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' ...or maybe I just want to do a favor for the Ten-Lords Commission that will ensure I can leave here in one piece?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We should allow Cirrus to go ahead with their plan.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't believe Cirrus!
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 158.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Judges of the Ten-Lords Commission always keep our promises. If you can truly deal with the problem at hand, I will ask for your freedom from the Ten Lords. However, I cannot guarantee the outcome of the appeal.
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 195.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' How conventional. Fine, I accept... but you better keep your promise, puppet.
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 196.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Hehe, me and Furynox were "furnacemates..." I know them well. They are powerful, but as naive as a child and obsessed with victory. I only need to say three things to incite them.
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 197 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 197 f.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' (Trailblazer), I'll need your body for a while longer.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side2 hh player 123 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh player 123 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Furynox! Furynox...!
:*There is a vague sound from far away. A response, possibly.*
:{{A|VO side2 hh player 124 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh player 124 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Before you duel the general, why don't you fight me?
:{{A|VO side2 hh huiyan 103.ogg}} '''Distant Voice:''' ...Cirrus? What makes you worth my time, weakling?
:{{A|VO side2 hh huiyan 104.ogg}} '''Distant Voice:''' I've turned this garden into my territory and made the dogs of the Ten Lords my puppets! As soon as the general arrives, the heliobi will have our rematch. Why should I fight my own at this crucial moment?
:{{A|VO side2 hh player 125 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh player 125 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' That group of amateurs you've put together? Hah. They're nothing compared to me.
:{{A|VO side2 hh player 126 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh player 126 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' I have already obtained the most wonderful pawn for myself &mdash; a piece that once expelled Phantylia!
:{{A|VO side2 hh huiyan 105.ogg}} '''Distant Voice:''' ...Phantylia? Phantylia! I remember! What a wonderful host... I want it!
:{{A|VO side2 hh player 127 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh player 127 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Then send the spiritfarers under your control to find me. If you can defeat this Nameless I'm possessing, then you can swallow me up and let my strength aid you in your fight against the general. What do you say?
:{{A|VO side2 hh huiyan 106.ogg}} '''Distant Voice:''' Deal! My pawns and I will show you no mercy!
----
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 198.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' See? Easy-peasy.
:{{A|VO side2 hh tail 158.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Tsk, does that mean all the spiritfarers out there have fallen? What a useless army.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 231.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...Does that mean we'll be fighting our friends...?
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 159.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' ...
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 199.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Oh, do puppets feel empathy? Or do you not wish to defeat Furynox anymore? We heliobi think of such matters as business transactions. As long as something can bring us victory, we will destroy everything &mdash; even allies and kin.
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 200.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' Make the decision. Furynox's pawns &mdash; your companions &mdash; must be destroyed.
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 160.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' ...
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 161.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' ...Please come over here. I need to give you something.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Xueyi and come up with a strategy{{subst:void|<!--202170403-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Cirrus claims to know Furynox like the back of its hand, and proposes a game changer of a counter. But does this shifty creature really want to help humanity win? Or could it be that it secretly harbors ulterior motives? We'll never know what's up its sleeve unless we let it play its trump card. You're nervous, but you have to hold on until that trump card gets played.<br />With the fall of Fyxestroll Garden, the Judges' suppression of the heliobi fell short at the final hurdle. Now, the only ones the Xianzhou can count on are you and the timid Huohuo.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Xueyi)
----
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 162 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 162 f.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' You two, take this before we fight Furynox.
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 163.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' This is the Lunaumbra Gourd, a sacred vessel made by the Artisanship Commission. The Ten-Lords Commission has made some changes to it to better suppress heliobi. After you fight the puppets controlled by Furynox, make sure you seal their heliobi fragments in here.
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 164.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Also...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll look after Huohuo.
::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 165.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Her time as a judge has been brief &mdash; she is still inexperienced. Apart from that, please also have mercy on the spiritfarers that have fallen under Furynox's control.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go easy on the spiritfarers.
::{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 166.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' The Ten Lords will not forget your acts of kindness. Thank you.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 232.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Mr. Tail, we're gonna fight some really dangerous enemies now. Please lend me your strength, too.
:{{A|VO side2 hh tail 159.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Oh-ho? Sounds like someone finally learned to talk tough.
:{{A|VO side2 hh tail 160.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I would've believed you if your legs weren't shaking so much!
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 233 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 233 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Don't point that out! It took me a lot of effort to be this brave! All this time I've just been hiding behind {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer). I'm such a bad judge...
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 234.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Madam Xueyi said those possessed by a heliobus can't get possessed again... I'm the only person who can help everyone!
:{{A|VO side2 hh tail 161.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Exactly! You're welcome, by the way... So, what are we waiting for? Let's go!
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 167.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Huohuo, though I am of ingenium body, I too am feeling a sliver of fear.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 235.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Madam Xueyi... you're afraid too?
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 168.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Faced with a demon that can manipulate life at will, of course I'm afraid... Afraid that I won't ever work with my sister again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huohuo, I'm afraid too.
::{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 236.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...I&mdash;I guess if even you two are afraid, then... I&mdash;I feel a little better now.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Afraid or not, we're still gonna beat the heck out of it!
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 169.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Let's go! I will find my own way to defeat the pawns possessed by Furynox... and before that foolish heliobus has realized what's happening, I will suppress all of their fragments within the Lunaumbra Gourd.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 237.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...So we'll need to activate the Evil Binding Matrix, right?
:{{A|VO side2 hh xueyi 170.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' Once my task is done, I will meet you at the Verdantia Terrace and activate the Evil Binding Matrix at its matrix core.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 238.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Okay.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 244.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Those are... possessed Wraith Wardens...
:{{A|VO side2 hh tail 164.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Don't expect me to hold back.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 239.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' If Furynox is so powerful, why would they allow themself to break apart so easily?
:{{A|VO side2 hh fuyan 201.ogg}} '''Cirrus:''' The stronger you are, the more you underestimate your enemies... sometimes being weak and humble is the way to survive.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimelinePrefab",
	"PrefabPath": "CutSceneSpecial/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd.prefab",
	"AreaName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AreaName"
	},
	"AnchorName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AnchorName"
	}
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimelinePrefab",
	"PrefabPath": "CutSceneSpecial/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd.prefab",
	"AreaName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AreaName"
	},
	"AnchorName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AnchorName"
	}
}</pre>
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat the host and collect heliobus fragments{{subst:void|<!--202170411-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|According to Cirrus, once this gambit between it and Furynox comes into play, you can seize this fleeting opportunity to defeat the parasitic host Furynox is occupying, then collect all the scattered heliobus spirits into the gourd.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO side2 hh crowdH 101.ogg}} '''Furynox's Fragment:''' Aaaah&mdash;
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 241.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Fragments of Furynox have been sealed in the gourd.
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 242.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Thank the Arbiter!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Verdantia Terrace to meet up with Xueyi{{subst:void|<!--202170409-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Picking them off one-by-one was a master stroke. You and Huohuo should go back to the Verdantia Terrace and quash the remaining heliobi in the Lunaumbra Gourd into the Evil Binding Matrix. Tonight should mark the end of this farce.<br />In your view, this is simply an inadequate horror farce. Such foolish monsters and an overpowered protagonist... Given the circumstances, can there be any more twists?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareMissionBattleWin","EventID":20223205}-->}})
::{{tx}}
:----
:;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
:::Why struggle? Be my subject!
:::If you can't win... you just cheat!
:::Grrrr, useless!
:::Get yourself together!
:::*sob* They just won't die!
:::We can't beat them...
:::Not so fast... you've got me, haven't you!?
:::Tail...?
:::See you on the other side, Huohuo!
:::You wretch! What are you doing!? Get out... get out!:
;(Cutscene ends)
:----
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|}}
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareMissionBattleWin","EventID":20223205}-->}})
:;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 246.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' It's Madam Xueyi... and Miss Guinaifen! Thank goodness she's alright...
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 247.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' There are so many spiritfarers lying on the floor!

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Excellent. I will keep my promise.
::Absoooorb ussss⁓! Absoooorb ussss⁓!
::Oh no! They're stealing the power of other heliobi.
::With this strength...
::...I will be...
::...undefeatable!
::Pawns, let's go again, shall we?
;(Cutscene ends)
----
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat Cirrus{{subst:void|<!--202170410-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Unfortunately, things always change when you least expect it. The tiny, piteous but vicious heliobi are waiting for precisely the moment when everyone lets down their guard.<br />Please! Huohuo, please do something with that indomitable Mr. Tail of yours!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Tail...
;(Cutscene ends)
----
:{{A|VO side2 hh crowdH 102.ogg}} '''Furynox's Fragment:''' Let us go. Let us go!
:{{A|VO side2 hh huohuo 245.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' ...There are plenty of heliobi in the gourd now. Let's go and meet up with Madam Xueyi.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie
|zhs  = 游园惊梦
|zht  = 遊園驚夢
|ja   = 游園驚夢
|ko   = 유원경몽
|es   = Sustos en el parque
|fr   = Promenade fantasmagorique
|ru   = Прогулка по саду и прерванный сон
|th   = ฝันผวาในสวนเฮี้ยน
|vi   = Ác Mộng Vườn Hoang
|de   = Garten der Albträume
|id   = Mimpi Buruk di Taman
|pt   = Devaneio Lúgubre do Visitante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
