<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sword Essence#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015113
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Sword Essence.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze Continuance
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Guinaifen; Sushang; Trailblazer; Yanqing
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Illusory Maze: Apyra]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Illusory Maze: Apyra
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*500; Stellar Jade*50; Traveler's Guide*5; Lost Crystal*3; Credit*50,000
}}
'''''Sword Essence''''' is a [[Trailblaze Continuance]] in the chapter [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted (Continuance)|A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Yanqing

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Yanqing{{subst:void|<!--801511301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=continuance|location=Illusory Maze: Apyra|Atop the Dragonprayer Terrace, where gleaming swords hang, the young Cloud Knight fixates intently upon the mirage-like sword formation and studies it with an insatiable thirst, as if intending to obtain some secret insight within. By the time you arrive, the young swordmaster has succumbed to his obsession, yearning for a duel with you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 5
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 206.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' What are all these swords doing in Dragonprayer Terrace...?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 225.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' It must be a heliobus illusion...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy guinaifen 226.ogg}} '''Guinaifen:''' Shouldn't we ring the Harmonic Chime and see if we can talk to Yanqing inside the illusion?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 101.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' Illusion?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 102.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' Since each of you can see it, wouldn't that mean you'd fallen into the illusion as well?
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 103.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' Don't be alarmed. To me, these swords form a precious arsenal. When I gaze upon any one, a thousand sword fights dance before my eyes &mdash; the swordplay far exceeding anything I have learned.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 104.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' And better yet, they welcome those who wish to pursue higher realms with open arms.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A heliobus is leading you astray.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 105.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' I know that this is an illusion created by a heliobus. The General sent me to assist the Ten-Lords Commission &mdash; I know a thing or two about your work...
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 106.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' These cosmic flames are not good nor evil, they are simply a mirror... As long as a host's mind is clear, a heliobus cannot control them.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 107.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' Take me, for example... At this moment, I am free of all distractions... and I see the potential for greatness in these swords. Isn't that right, Master Apyra?
::I'm not interested in swordsmanship.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 108.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' Swordsmanship isn't the only thing you can learn. As long as you want to become stronger, these swords will show you countless ways to do so. Isn't that right, Master Apyra?
::The general sent us to bring you back...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not interested in swordsmanship.
::{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 108.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' Swordsmanship isn't the only thing you can learn. As long as you want to become stronger, these swords will show you countless ways to do so. Isn't that right, Master Apyra?
::The general sent us to bring you back...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The general sent us to bring you back...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 109.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' The General? You lie. I've already finished my assignment at the Alchemy Commission. I have no further orders...
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy yanqing 110.ogg}} '''Yanqing:''' This is my own time. I came here to learn from Master Apyra... to learn from these swords.
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy sushang 207.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Apyra? That heliobus's name is Apyra?
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sword Essence
|zhs  = 剑精
|zht  = 劍精
|ja   = 剣の精
|ko   = 검정(劍精)
|es   = Esencia del filo
|fr   = L'art de l'épée
|ru   = Эссенция меча
|th   = แก่นแท้แห่งดาบ
|vi   = Kiếm Linh
|de   = Schwertgeist
|id   = Esensi Pedang
|pt   = Essência da Espada
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
