{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'm a peddler, and this is a mysterious box." The Interastral Peace Investment Device explains nonchalantly. "My belly is a mechanical pocket that stores a lot of data-simulated Cosmic Fragments."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "*Trust* is the resource we use to invest." The Interastral Peace Investment Device opens its belly and shows the simulated and synthesized Cosmic Fragments inside. "I promise you'll get higher returns the more *trust* you have."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Invest in your *trust*. &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=200}})
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Will you continue to trust the Interastral Peace Investment Device?
::{{DIcon|Star}} Keep investing in your *trust*. &mdash; Spend 50% of your Cosmic Fragment(s).
::;(Outcome 1, 50% chance)
:::;(Lose 50% of Cosmic Fragments, but immediately regain 200% of the amount lost{{Verify}})
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The Interastral Peace Investment Device opens its *belly*... You have succeeded!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You get a great return on your *investment*!
::::{{DIcon|Star}} Keep investing in your *trust* &mdash; Spend 100% of your Cosmic Fragment(s).
::::;(Outcome 1, 25% chance)
:::::;(Lose 100% of Cosmic Fragments, but immediately regain 200% of the amount lost{{Verify}})
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The Interastral Peace Investment Device opens its *belly*... You have succeeded!
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You get a great return on your *investment*!
::::;(Outcome 2, 75% chance)
:::::;(Lose 100% of currently possessed {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20}})
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You wait for the Interastral Peace Investment Device to open its *belly*... but it stays motionless.
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You realize you have been duped! You are inconsolable.
::::{{DIcon|Star}} Don't take. &mdash; You have good self-control.
::;(Outcome 2, 50% chance)
:::;(Lose 50% of currently possessed {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20}})
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You wait for the Interastral Peace Investment Device to open its *belly*... but it stays motionless.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You realize you have been duped! You gain nothing.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Don't take. &mdash; You have good self-control.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Don't take. &mdash; You have good self-control.
{{Dialogue End}}