{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter a forest that has been cultivated by words and language, tracking a Riddler who has escaped from prison. Sentences, phrases, morphemes, and phonemes wash over you and soak through your skin like raindrops, changing your body parts' original meanings.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your outer shell transforms into aged bark and your legs begin to grow endless roots that seem to want to burrow into the soil.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pinch at the muscle in your legs with all your strength until the pain returns everything to normal. When you get your hands on this bastard, you're going to force-feed him every word of trash talk on the Interastral Peace Network!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I have prepared ten words for you, and I hope that you will experience the true beauty of language from them!" He slowly disappears into the forest of words, as waves of monsters made from ten words begin their assault with a great roar.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge: A sentence of ten words. &mdash; Battle with 1 powerful Elite Enemy(ies). If you win, you will gain 4 random Blessing(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Challenge: Two short sentences of five words each. &mdash; Battle with 2 Elite Enemy(ies). If you win, you will gain 4 random Blessing(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Disassemble the characters it carries. &mdash; Battle with a group of enemies. If you win, you will gain 3 random Blessing(s).
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pull out the eraser from your pocket, fully prepared to teach him that everything has a weakness.
{{Dialogue End}}