<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ruan Mei (Infinite)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19701
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Ruan Mei.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Ruan Mei (Infinite)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Planar Infinity]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Worship Aeons.
|result_1 = Obtain all Blessings of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).

|choice_2 = Want lots of money.
|result_2 = Obtain 2,000 Cosmic Fragment(s).

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "You're here." There isn't a single hint of emotion in Ruan Mei's voice. She seems unsurprised by your arrival. "This is our 'secret' space. Just as it used to be, please don't tell Herta... it will self-destruct after a certain amount of time."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "The cultivated data has seen some unusual expansion. It's quite mysterious. It's not difficult to handle, but... I don't know how much longer this 'secret' can remain hidden," she pouts, tilts her head, and smiles gently. "Thank you for coming. You've brought me some valuable data again. Now, let me give you some rewards &mdash; for our 'future'."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "However, you remember my help 'doesn't come for free', right?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Worship Aeons. &mdash; Obtain all Blessings of (Preservation/Remembrance/Nihility/Abundance/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition).
:;(Obtain all 1-3 star Blessings of Preservation)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Want lots of money. &mdash; Obtain 2,000 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=2000}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ruan Mei (Infinite)
|zhs  = 阮•梅（无尽版）
|zht  = 阮•梅（無盡版）
|ja   = ルアン・メェイ∞
|ko   = 완•매(무한 버전)
|es   = Ruan Mei (infinita)
|fr   = Ruan Mei (Infini)
|ru   = Жуань Мэй (бесконечная)
|th   = Ruan Mei (Infinite)
|vi   = Ruan Mei (Vô Hạn)
|de   = Ruan Mei (endlos)
|id   = Ruan Mei (Infinite)
|pt   = Ruan Mei (Infinito)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}