<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hip Hop Underground#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8026112
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hip Hop Underground.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription
|chapter       = Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Pela; Serval; Trailblazer; Trashcan of Hip-Hop; Trashcan of MCing; Trashcan of Rap
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Administrative District]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Administrative District
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Hip Hop Underground''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription]] event.

==Steps==
# Collect inspiration for composing a song by heading to Belobog
# Search for traces of the underground band
# Conduct a rapping battle against the trashcan group

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Collect inspiration for composing a song by heading to Belobog{{subst:void|<!--802611201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Administrative District|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Wander around Belobog's plaza, to help Rappa collect inspiration for composing.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G249)
:'''Serval:''' Yo! A rare visitor. Let's take a look... Mm, we haven't seen each other for some time. You look more rock 'n' roll now!
::'''Serval:''' Keep it up. Your rock 'n' roll vibe can almost rival the discarded engines of the workshop.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can even tell when something's rock 'n' roll?
:::'''Serval:''' Hahaha, of course! There's a unique aura on people who play in a band. I can tell in a glance.
:::'''Pela:''' While it's not as exaggerated as Serval suggests, I can see it too. It's something about stance and inflection when you speak, and your everyday attire... and that strange gesture.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What sort of wonderful metaphor is that?
:::'''Pela:''' Don't mind it. It's just a dad joke that Serval enjoys telling lately. She found a broken automaton in the snow &mdash; the noise it makes when its wheels are rubbing against the track sounds like a guitar playing, and pretty good too, I might add.
:::'''Pela:''' Later, she thought of a joke that uses machines to describe other people... It's not funny at all.
:::'''Serval:''' Hahaha, who knew that broken automation can play the guitar better than I do? Nature is truly wondrous.
::'''Pela:''' So, are you really doing music-related work?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Invite them to watch the performance)
::'''Pela:''' ...Is it because no one wants to see it, that you're selling the tickets to your friends?
::'''Pela:''' I understand where you're coming from. A newly formed band with little fame and few original songs &mdash; starting from scratch is always hard.
::'''Serval:''' It's okay. We all started from somewhere. How many tickets do you have left? I'll help you promote your show in Belobog!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're free! Free!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not selling them. I'm giving them to you!
::'''Pela:''' Sorry, I have a lot of official business to handle lately, so I might not make it to Penacony... But Serval and I will be supporting you.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search for traces of the underground band{{subst:void|<!--802611202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Administrative District|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Head to Belobog's underground rail station and find the mysterious band Serval mentioned.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G253)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Belobog's underground band... I hope I can get some inspiration from their performances.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Err... Hello, do you know how to play music?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...C'mon!!! Why am I talking to a trashcan!?
::You arrive at the location with Serval's directions, but don't see anything relevant to a band. The most conspicuous things are several trashcans lying by the roadside. Their luster is shiny, their angles crisp and clean.
::Okay, who can claim trashcans aren't a type of heavy metal?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're already here anyway.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Might as well give them a rummage!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If that's the case...
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why not do something even more rock!
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Human, stealing trash is a crime! Tasting the forbidden... you've crossed the line. I'll give you a chance, better take your shot, right now, step back, or you'll get caught!
::'''Trashcan of Rap:''' What did I just hear? Your plan was pretty neat, but too bad you're weak, and your style's obsolete. You're looking way too fake, better hit restart, come back stronger, and play it smart!
::'''Trashcan of Hip-Hop:''' Get out, get out, I've studied the law. I'm sharp with metaphors, gonna leave you in awe. Don't think you can sneak around, not anymore!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I've got the wrong place.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Uh... stumbled in by mistake, I greet you all, hoping this beef can end, so I can make my call. Let me leave in peace, no more trouble at all.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A trashcan group, cool!
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Ah, you're from our profession. Good thing I didn't suffer from performance anxiety. All your performances were amazing. May I keep watching?
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Yeah.
::'''Trashcan of Rap:''' Sure!
::'''Trashcan of Hip-Hop:''' Bro! This one's all right!
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' My brothers, do not be blinded by cunning charlatans! You want to join us? Sure, but that depends on your sincerity.
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Keep up with my flow. We're gonna have the ultimate rap showdown that marks the end of the Amber Era!!!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Keep up with the trashcan's beat...?)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Here I come. I'm not scared!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Belobog's underground band... I hope I can get some inspiration from their performances.)

;(Talk to Trashcan of MCing)
----
:'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Express your sincerity. Keep up with my flow. We're gonna have the ultimate rap showdown that marks the end of the Amber Era!!!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Here I come. I'm not scared!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "3"
	},
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Conduct a rapping battle against the trashcan group{{subst:void|<!--802611205-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Administrative District|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Obtain a record of the trashcan group's beats to help Rappa collect inspiration for composing.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G250)
:'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Yo, ancestors of the barrels, bear witness please&mdash;
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' I used to stare at the mic, full of unease. Made up my mind to grind, chase my dreams with no release, but dreams ain't something you just seize with ease. I was willing to wait in belief, even when my heart was cold, felt the grief.
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Now my big dreams are finally coming true, someone's vibing with my song, they get the tune. {{MC|f=She|m=He}}'s like a guiding light, shining through.
::'''Trashcan of Rap:''' Warming up this cold heart, make it anew!
::'''Trashcan of Hip-Hop:''' Boohoo, Bro... That, that was amazing...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why's the atmosphere gone all weird?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Talking about me?
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Your passion and skill have stood the test, your resolve and talent outshine the rest. You are the one, true, undisputed &mdash; champ of the trashcan rap, no less.
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Trashfriend! I'm gonna ask &mdash; are you willing to leave the rest of your life in our hands?
::'''Trashcan of Rap:''' Leave it to us!
::'''Trashcan of Hip-Hop:''' Boss, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is the new member we've all been dreaming of!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Well...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will adhere to the trash-sorting regulations.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry, but our music is probably not the same type.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I already have a band of my own.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry, I'm not ready to share the stage with you guys.
::'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Mm. If that's the case, I won't insist. That means we'll be rivals when we next meet.
::{{tx}}

;(Talk to Trashcan of MCing)
:'''Trashcan of MCing:''' Express your sincerity. Keep up with my flow. We're gonna have the ultimate rap showdown that marks the end of the Amber Era!!!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Here I come. I'm not scared!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "3"
	},
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.

;(Unused &mdash; MusicRhythm_ShowUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "3"
	},
	"OnUICustomEvent": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Collected the trashcans' rhythm record. Let's send this to Rappa for a listen.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 802611207,
	"MessageSectionID": 1310200
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Huh, a new message. This time it's... from Dafanchy?)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 802611208,
	"MessageSectionID": 1310300,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (What's Dafanchy trying to say... Did I say something wrong?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I'll head back to the rehearsal room for a gander when I'm done collecting inspiration.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hip Hop Underground
|zhs  = 地下有嘻哈
|zht  = 地下有嘻哈
|ja   = アンダーグラウンド・ヒップホップ
|ko   = 언더그라운드 힙합
|es   = Hip-hop subterráneo
|fr   = Hip Hop underground
|ru   = Подземный хип-хоп
|th   = ฮิปฮอปใต้ดิน
|vi   = Hip Hop Underground
|de   = Hip-Hop im Untergrund
|id   = Hip Hop Bawah Tanah
|pt   = Hip Hop Underground
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
