<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hymn Chorus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8026114
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hymn Chorus.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription
|chapter       = Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dafanchy; Guardian of the Domain; Ruan Mei's Angry Creation; Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation; Ruan Mei's Sad Creation; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Penacony Paperfold University College]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Penacony Paperfold University College
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Hymn Chorus''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription]] event.

==Steps==
# Meet up with Dafanchy on campus
# Collect inspiration for composing a song by heading to the space station
# Help Ruan Mei's Sad Creation complete the chorus
# Check on how Ruan Mei's creations are doing

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Meet up with Dafanchy on campus{{subst:void|<!--802611406-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Penacony Paperfold University College|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Dafanchy seems to have something to talk with you about. Meet up with her on campus.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Dafanchy)
----
:'''Dafanchy:''' Manager! Head Ninja Rappa said I should follow you around more, so... could you please take me with you when you're collecting inspiration?
:'''Dafanchy:''' I don't really know... what's the point.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Want to broaden your horizons?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's watch and see.
:'''Dafanchy:''' Okay. Then... I'll be troubling you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect inspiration for composing a song by heading to the space station{{subst:void|<!--802611401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Wander around the seclusion zone of the space station to help Rappa collect inspiration for composing.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Ruan Mei's Sad Creation)
:'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Boohoo... I want to express my love to Madam Ruan Mei too. Please help me, {{MC|f=big sis|m=big bro}}!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let me help you!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "5"
	},
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.


;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G194)
:'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Boohoo. This place... doesn't need me anymore, meow.
::'''Ruan Mei's Angry Creation:''' It's clearly a you-problem! The harmonies are not in sync, and as you're constantly moving around, the formation is completely messed up!
::'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' If we keep dragging things out, it'll be your fault if we miss the selection time.
::'''Dafanchy:''' ...I don't understand what they are saying, but that stuffed toy looks like it's being rejected by its companion. I feel pity for it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's wrong?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is quite common.
::'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Boo... it's all my fault, meow. Recently, the creations on the space station want to sing a hymn of praise for Madam Ruan Mei, so we are going through vocal training. But I... just can't seem to sing well.
::'''Ruan Mei's Angry Creation:''' For a choral hymn, what's required is unison, loudness, and impact!
::'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' *sigh* Stop wasting time on this guy. It'll definitely be disqualified at the selection phase. Why not we just kick it out and practice on our own?
::'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' Not all creations are equal, no matter how hard one may work. Trash is still trash. Nothing we can do about it.
::'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Boohoo... I want to express my love to Madam Ruan Mei too. Please help me, {{MC|f=big sis|m=big bro}}!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me help you!
:::'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' Huh!? It's your problem if you're bad at singing. Nothing to do with anyone else.
:::'''Dafanchy:''' Manager... Can you communicate with these animals? If you can, please help that ostracized child.
:::'''Dafanchy:''' Just looking at it, I can't help but... think of myself.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay, let me try.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's it got to do with me?
:::'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' Exactly! It's your own problem if you can't sing, not anyone else's.
:::'''Dafanchy:''' Manager... Can you communicate with these animals? If you can, please help that ostracized child.
:::'''Dafanchy:''' Just looking at it, I can't help but... think of myself.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Okay, I'll give it a try.

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G194_1)
:'''Dafanchy:''' I've never been to a place like this... it's like an incubator. Will you find the inspiration you're looking for in a place like this, Manager?
::'''Dafanchy:''' Hey, hey, that stuffed toy over there seems to be moving!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Help Ruan Mei's Sad Creation complete the chorus{{subst:void|<!--802611404-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Obtain a record of Ruan Mei's creations' beats to help Rappa collect inspiration for composing.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Ruan Mei's Sad Creation)
:'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Boohoo... I want to express my love to Madam Ruan Mei too. Please help me, {{MC|f=big sis|m=big bro}}!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let me help you!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "5"
	},
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.

;(Unused &mdash; MusicRhythm_ShowUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "5"
	},
	"OnUICustomEvent": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Thank you, meow! I've finally learned how to sing in a chorus. It won't be a problem later on!
:'''Ruan Mei's Angry Creation:''' The selection is about to start. Get ready.
:'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' *sigh* As I've said, there was already a difference in talent when we were first created. It can't be changed.
:Not long after, all of Ruan Mei's creations are all huddled in the middle of the cabin, taking turns to perform their vocals.
:'''Guardian of the Domain:''' Ahem. I'll be announcing the selection results now.
:'''Guardian of the Domain:''' After comprehensive evaluation of all members, combined with the practical needs of the hymn performance, the roster is as follows...
:'''Guardian of the Domain:''' ...Ruan Mei's angry creation.
:'''Ruan Mei's Angry Creation:''' Yes!
:'''Guardian of the Domain:''' ...Ruan Mei's sad creation.
:'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' ...Eh?
:'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' That's not right! Unfair! This fellow had to rely on another one's help to qualify. That's not its true capability at all!
:'''Guardian of the Domain:''' Ahem. But it did indeed finish the selection by itself, and I have no choice but to acknowledge the outcome.
:'''Ruan Mei's Sad Creation:''' Meow! I'm super happy!
:'''Ruan Mei's Arrogant Creation:''' Boohoo... Waaahhhh!
:'''Dafanchy:''' That's fantastic. Looks like this little buddy has been accepted by its companions. We probably... have done a good thing, haven't we?
:You detail what you saw just now to Dafanchy, including the incident about how that creation wrested a slot from the other creations.
:'''Dafanchy:''' ...
:'''Dafanchy:''' Someone of average talent, relying on external help, and robbing something that originally belonged to others. Manager, you think this is fair?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is, very.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Results are results. Moreover, it also demonstrated its own ability to pass the selection. There's nothing suspicious about it.
::'''Dafanchy:''' ...Yes, that's true. As long as you work hard to improve yourself, there's no need to fear any gossip.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not fair.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's hard to say, but it wasn't objectively fair to begin with. All I can say is that it lucked out.
::'''Dafanchy:''' Really... Though I guess being lucky is a skill too. My luck's pretty good to have known you all... Yes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you overthinking this!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' All that matters is getting what you want. There's no point to hesitation. Stop thinking so much.
::'''Dafanchy:''' That's true... Getting all indecisive over this won't change anything. Only positive action will move things forward.
:'''Dafanchy:''' Got it... Since Head Ninja Rappa and the manager believe in me, I... won't let you all down.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Check on how Ruan Mei's creations are doing{{subst:void|<!--802611405-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seclusion Zone|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Carefully examine this creation of Ruan Mei.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hymn Chorus
|zhs  = 赞歌大合唱
|zht  = 讚歌大合唱
|ja   = 讃歌大合唱
|ko   = 찬가 대합창
|es   = Coro de himnos
|fr   = Chœur de l'hymne
|ru   = Хор гимнов
|th   = ร่วมประสานเพลงสรรเสริญ
|vi   = Đồng Ca Khen Ngợi
|de   = Hymnischer Chor
|id   = Paduan Suara Himne
|pt   = Refrão do Hino
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
