<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Snow Plains Photography#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8026115
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Snow Plains Photography.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription
|chapter       = Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Arfey; Dunn; Lynx; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Outlying Snow Plains]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Outlying Snow Plains
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Snow Plains Photography''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Sound Hunt Ninjutsu Inscription]] event.

==Steps==
# Find the Trotter that suddenly appeared in the snow
# Report what you saw to Lynx and Dunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the Trotter that suddenly appeared in the snow{{subst:void|<!--802611503-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Carefully examine the condition of this Trotter that suddenly appeared.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Warp Trotter)
----
:The Trotter wiggles and waggles about, as if welcoming your presence. Now what? Take out your camera and play with it for a while?
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Take a commemorative photo of it.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.MusicRhythm.MusicRhythmChooseLevelPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "6"
	},
	"OnUICustomEvent": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.

{{Dialogue End}}

===Report what you saw to Lynx and Dunn{{subst:void|<!--802611506-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|You've become the manager of the music party's performing band, and now your band needs to complete 3 performances on the stage in the middle of the campus.<br />Go back to where you were and tell Lynx and Dunn what you just experienced.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G101)
:'''Dunn:''' Oh, so that's how it was. Nothing to worry about, then. Fragmentum creatures such as these have been pretty lively recently.
::'''Lynx:''' So did you find the inspiration you wanted?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I did.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I suppose...
::'''Arfey:''' Honestly, I never once thought that... such a meaningless record could be used to inspire creativity.
::'''Lynx:''' As long as it's something that can help you create new ideas, that counts as inspiration.
::'''Arfey:''' But... if we don't follow standard music theory, wouldn't we write really strange melodies?
::'''Lynx:''' Mm, I don't really know that complicated stuff. But Big Sis said that the most important thing about being in a band is that the audience is happy.
::'''Dunn:''' Not just that! She also said that the band members and the one playing should be happy too!
::'''Lynx:''' ...You sure remember my sister's words well.
::'''Dunn:''' Ha, haha... Of course! She's the heart of our band!
::'''Arfey:''' ...
::'''Arfey:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager, we should be heading back to school. I have something... I need to think about.
::'''Dunn:''' Leaving so suddenly? My olms aren't done roasting yet.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Invite them to the performance)
::'''Lynx:''' Sure. I was also thinking of exploring a vast dreamscape. I'll go ask Big Sis about the times later.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Snow Plains Photography
|zhs  = 雪原留影
|zht  = 雪原留影
|ja   = 雪原のシャッターチャンス
|ko   = 설원에서 한 컷
|es   = Fotografía en las llanuras nevadas
|fr   = Photographie des Plaines des neiges
|ru   = Фото Снежных полей
|th   = ภาพที่ระลึกในทุ่งหิมะ
|vi   = Lưu Ảnh Cánh Đồng Tuyết
|de   = Erinnerungsfotos in der Schneewüste
|id   = Fotografi Snow Plains
|pt   = Fotografia das Planícies Nevadas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
