{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are grazing grass on the sun-baked earth when a bunch of beefy guys comes your way. They are the street bandits who wreak havoc wherever they go. They are followed by a team of mercenaries.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We're the last cowboys!" Shouts the leader who flails his arms happily. The red ibis armbands indicate their submission to the royal family. You believe they are the royal bandits.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Leave your gold coins behind. We need funds to oil the development of the city. Generosity is in line with the cowboy's spirit!" Scowling at the shameless bandits, you bite off the grass with your mouth...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pay. &mdash; Lose 50% of the Cosmic Fragments you currently own.
:;(Lose 50% of currently possessed {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Protect the cowboy's final honor. &mdash; Enter battle.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1/-25% HP; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/-25% HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|Let them experience the real "cowboy."|Enter battle. After achieving victory, additionally seize ?? Cosmic Fragments.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/-25% HP; Voidranger: Trampler*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Incineration Shadewalker*2/-25% HP; Searing Prowler*1/-25% HP}}
::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1/-25% HP; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/-25% HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Surrender immediately.|Lose 25% of Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 random Blessings of Nihility.}}
:;(Lose 25% of currently possessed {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20}})
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Nihility)
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing of Nihility)
{{Dialogue End}}