{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Swarm: Nest Exploration (Third Praetorian)
|image         = Random Event 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Swarm
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Swarm: Nest Exploration (Third Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into a high-tech, streamlined suspended matrix &mdash; a trap you believe to be used only by the most cutting-edge hunter on the Planet Snowland.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You get to your feet and find yourself landing before the entrance of a lair. You draw the curtain open and recognize the Combatobugs. As ground combat units, they traded their flying abilities in exchange for heavy and rigid exoskeletons.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' These Combatobugs make a sucking sound... You hesitate to enter the lair and hunt for them, as you might find yourself coated in the insects' scent and incur more unwanted attention...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Kill them. &mdash; Discard 1 Blessing and enter 1 battle.
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing)
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Juvenile Sting*3/;Lesser Sting*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave hurriedly. &mdash; Discard 1 random Blessing(s).
:;(Discard 1 1-3 star Blessing)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You flee in a hurry, hoping you didn't get the scent of Combatobug's on you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Swarm: Nest Exploration (Third Praetorian)
|zhs   = 虫潮•虫巢探险（三级卫戍）
|zht   = 蟲潮•蟲巢探險（三級衛戍）
|ja    = 虫の潮・虫の巣探険（三級守備）
|ko    = 곤충 파도•곤충집 탐험(3급 경비)
|es    = Enjambre: Exploración del nido (tercer pretoriano)
|fr    = Exploration du nid de l'Essaim (troisième prétorien)
|ru    = Жужжание: Экспедиция по гнезду (гарнизон ур. 3)
|th    = คลื่นแมลง: สำรวจรังแมลง (กองกำลังระดับ 3)
|vi    = Côn Trùng - Khám Phá Ổ Côn Trùng (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 3)
|de    = Der Schwarm: Nesterkundung (Garnisonsstufe 3)
|id    = Swarm: Eksplorasi Sarang Serangga (Garnisun Tingkat 3)
|pt    = Enxame: Exploração de Ninho (Terceiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
