{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = The Curio Fixer
|image         = Random Event Toy.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''The Curio Fixer''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You meet a mechanical lifeform. It seems to be skilled in repairing Curios.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Click... Click..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It gestures for you to let it repair your treasures.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Express friendship to the inorganic life.|Obtain 1 random damageable Curio(s).}}
:;(Obtain a Damageable Curio)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Have a pleasant inorganic exchange!|Replace all Curios with damageable Curios.}}
:;(Discard 100 Curios in exchange for the same number of random Damageable Curios)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Repair a damaged Curio. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragment(s) and repair 1 damaged Curio.
:;(Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Select 1 Curio to repair)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Repair all damaged Curios. &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s) and repair all damaged Curios.
:;(Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Repair all Curios)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't need this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Curio Fixer
|zhs  = 奇物修理专家
|zht  = 奇物修理專家
|ja   = {{Rubi|奇物修理|きぶつしゅうり}}エキスパート
|ko   = 기물 수리 전문가
|es   = Reparador de objetos raros
|fr   = Le réparateur de bizarrerie
|ru   = Мастер по ремонту диковин
|th   = ผู้เชี่ยวชาญการซ่อมแซมวัตถุหายาก
|vi   = Thợ Sửa Chữa Vật Thể Lạ
|de   = Der Kuriositätenreparateur
|id   = Kang Servis Benda Langka
|pt   = Reparador de Curios
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
