{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 105-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Fuli;Oroboros
}}
'''Unknown Event 105-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The realm created by blending and recreating dust formed by your experience is called the imagination. When the dust fades, it becomes your memory, which often is unreliable. Looking back, you are going through events that took place hundreds of Amber Eras ago.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Numerous flashbacks are playing in your mind like a film reel &mdash; the Propagation and the Voracity fought incessantly during the calamity that spanned five eras.
:'''Oroboros:''' [[Oroboros]]'s face rises from the waves, as more stories of their believers inundate your mind. It is a ferocious beast that falls gravely sick due to its belief in the Aeon. Along with the lively drum beats and songs, the beast passes by a harbor beneath the glow of holy radiance, once again emerging upon the land. Its fallen scale is consecrated in a temple of the Primeval Imperium. Amid the resounding drum beats, the lanterns fall, a force overflows from the bones, and the murmurs of the deceased scatter like dust. Two beggars knock their ancient bowls on the street, while a relentless swarm engulfs and bites them. During the grapple, three agonized wails explode like thunder.
:'''Oroboros:''' The beastmaster dances and controls his movements with his ankles and toes following the streak of light. The choir members fall silent after being drowned by the tide, and the brothers cast aside their crowns and embrace each other in tears. Yet, more deaths have taken place in the world, and most of them happened in silence. The ferocious beast takes in the swarm next, finally putting an end to the Furor. It exhales the smoke of fury and is clad in colorful armor. With its head held high, it leaps to the sky and disappears. Only the sound of it plunging into the waves can be heard.
:'''Oroboros:''' ...Unbeknownst to the Aeon, {{Color|Keyword|Ena the Order}} is observing the devastating and escalating chaos in the universe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me touch their mouth.
:'''Oroboros:''' When you are thinking about which mouth to touch, you seem to hear a few burps and sense someone's breath on your face...
:'''Fuli:''' Everything comes to an abrupt halt! Frosty air presses against your forehead. From a sparkling spot in the universe, their prism-like face is suddenly born in a condensed origin...
:'''Fuli:''' From a bright spot, they suddenly transform into a giant entity, the segments of which solidify, reverse, align, converge, and intertwine with each other. They expand in an instant like a mirror-like piece of gum. In the blink of an eye, numerous star systems collapse and crumble. You are dumbfounded, but you seem to be able to grasp its significance: The stars are collapsing, while the collective aspirations of countless beings &mdash; the vanishing memories &mdash; are crystallizing.
:'''Fuli:''' {{Color|Keyword|Songs, battles, ravenous hunger, elimination, interaction, wailing, genuineness, capturing, the Sand King, memories, back of the ocean, heirs, devouring, fighting, actors, the emptiness, reverse, old shadows, writing.}}
:'''Fuli:''' Their syllables leave you trembling. Those voices split into different personalities, each telling a different story.
:'''Fuli:''' More flashbacks of your life creep into your prefrontal cortex! Suddenly, you retrieve many memories captured before you fall into the Nihility! Does the Aeon... want you to preserve these precious memories? In a split second, all memories are gone like someone has pressed the shut-down button. You gain lucidity at once, and your memories disconnect without any warning just like the Aeon's disappearance.
:'''Herta:''' "I see... This is unbelievable!" [[Herta]] exclaims, "Unbelievable! Did you see the condensation of the memories? {{Color|Keyword|It's a shame that these memories do not belong to this period}}. What went wrong? Are there any more details? Oh! How about we try looking for the Aeon again?"
:'''Herta:''' Resounding silence is the only response you two receive... Herta scrunches her nose and says, "They can no longer be found... The memory fragments might be too many for the Simulated Universe to handle. They contain the entire history of the universe! [[Fuli]] is terrifying. How many memories have they preserved?"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
