<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Barren Land Birthed a Brave Soul#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025113
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Barren Land Birthed a Brave Soul.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Luminary Wardance
|chapter       = Luminary Wardance
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Even When Cheers Fade: Chapter 2]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Carmella; Huohuo; Luka; Tail; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Skysplitter]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Skysplitter
|prev          = Even When Cheers Fade: Chapter 2
|next          = Even When Cheers Fade: Chapter 3
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*10; Lost Crystal*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''The Barren Land Birthed a Brave Soul''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Luminary Wardance]] event.

==Steps==
# Return to the lounge
# Leave the lounge and let Luka have some peace and quiet
# Meet Huohuo on the Skysplitter
# Bring Huohuo and Tail to the lounge
# Wait for Tail to "change Luka's heart"
# Escort Huohuo and Tail out
# (Optional) Walk around a bit

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Return to the lounge{{subst:void|<!--802511309-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|The tense and exciting match draws to a temporary close. It's time to have a quick breather... But with Luka eliminated, you don't really have the desire to "rest."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_G84)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu player 124 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu player 124 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Luka's condition is worrying... Let's go see him at the lounge.)
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 144.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' That Boothill really went way overboard! If it weren't for Luka's Iron Arm, Luka would have been... would have been...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 332.ogg}} '''Luka:''' ...He's way out of my league. I swear, getting near him, I felt like... I was staring "Death" in the face.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 145.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' Luka...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He was genuinely trying to convince you to drop out of the competition.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 333.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Yea, and he was right.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He really went overboard this time.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 334.ogg}} '''Luka:''' I was outclassed. Boothill didn't do anything wrong.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about your Iron Arm?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 146.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' I don't think that's what we should be worrying about right now!
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 335.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Clara prepared a couple of spare boxing gloves... But what's the use? They'll just get shot up one by one by Boothill anyway.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 336.ogg}} '''Luka:''' I'm such a country bumpkin. I shouldn't have come here in the first place! I'm WAY out of my league....
::{{tx}}
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu player 124 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu player 124 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Luka's condition is worrying... Let's go see him at the lounge.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Leave the lounge and let Luka have some peace and quiet{{subst:void|<!--802511311-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Luka is very upset right now and needs some time alone to calm himself down.<br />Feel free to leave the lounge and go walk around outside.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G101)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 802511311,
	"MessageSectionID": 1223100,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>

;(Talk to Luka)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 340 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 340 f.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Sorry, (Trailblazer), please give me some space...

;(Talk to Carmella)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 149.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' ...Luka is so depressed. Let's not bother him anymore.
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 150.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' I'm gonna go shop around and see if there's anything that can cheer Luka up.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet Huohuo on the Skysplitter{{subst:void|<!--802511301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Huohuo and Tail come to see you at this particularly difficult juncture.<br />They probably can't help much, but Huohuo is so cute! Seeing her must be good for one's mental health.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; TriggerPerformance)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 101 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Look, (Trailblazer) is here...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 101 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Over here! Quickly!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 102 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Hello, (Trailblazer)! It's been a hectic few days recently in The Shackling Prison &mdash; I had a hard time trying to leave. I'm very happy to be seeing you again.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You looking for me, Tail?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 102.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Obviously. I saw in the news that you're a coach now. You've got your hands in all kinds of pies, haven't you...
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 103.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I was thinking you could train Huohuo properly, and have her attend the Wardance to fight against a few others. Isn't this much more effective at training one's bravery than watching horror flicks?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're also here to participate in the Wardance?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 104 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Whoa! Kid, are you a mind reader or something?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 105.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I see that you're coaching a Wardance contender. How about training Huohuo, so she can join the Wardance and fight against a few others. Isn't this much more effective at training one's bravery than watching horror flicks?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 103.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Ah&mdash;!? That's what you were thinking about? No, no no no no!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 104.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' One punch, and I probably won't stop crying for ages.  ...Please don't do this to me!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 106 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' (Trailblazer), that kid you're training... Luka or whatever his name is. He got beat anyway. Isn't this the perfect opportunity to throw Huohuo into the mix?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 105.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Oh right, is Mr. Luka doing all right? The news said he couldn't even stand.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 106.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Since Mr. Luka is really popular, he'll definitely clear the popularity revival vote and return! Please cheer him on!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 107.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Ugh, what cheering? You're just trying to change the subject, you timid brat. You don't want to fight in the Wardance, do you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Heave a long sigh)
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 108.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Whoa, that sigh of yours almost blew me away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's decided not to participate in the repechage.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 108.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Huh? Why?
::{{tx}}
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 101 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Look, (Trailblazer) is here...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 101 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Over here! Quickly!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 102 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Hello, (Trailblazer)! It's been a hectic few days recently in The Shackling Prison &mdash; I had a hard time trying to leave. I'm very happy to be seeing you again.
::You looking for me, Tail?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 102.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Obviously. I saw in the news that you're a coach now. You've got your hands in all kinds of pies, haven't you...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 103.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I was thinking you could train Huohuo properly, and have her attend the Wardance to fight against a few others. Isn't this much more effective at training one's bravery than watching horror flicks?
::You're also here to participate in the Wardance?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 104 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Whoa! Kid, are you a mind reader or something?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 105.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I see that you're coaching a Wardance contender. How about training Huohuo, so she can join the Wardance and fight against a few others. Isn't this much more effective at training one's bravery than watching horror flicks?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 103.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Ah&mdash;!? That's what you were thinking about? No, no no no no!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 104.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' One punch, and I probably won't stop crying for ages.  ...Please don't do this to me!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 106 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' (Trailblazer), that kid you're training... Luka or whatever his name is. He got beat anyway. Isn't this the perfect opportunity to throw Huohuo into the mix?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 105.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Oh right, is Mr. Luka doing all right? The news said he couldn't even stand.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 106.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Since Mr. Luka is really popular, he'll definitely clear the popularity revival vote and return! Please cheer him on!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 107.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Ugh, what cheering? You're just trying to change the subject, you timid brat. You don't want to fight in the Wardance, do you?
::(Heave a long sigh)
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 108.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Whoa, that sigh of yours almost blew me away.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 107.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Why the long sigh? Is there a problem...?
::He's decided not to participate in the repechage.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 108.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Huh? Why?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 109.ogg}} '''Tail:''' He got beat senseless?
::You explain to Huohuo and Tail about Luka's worsening hallucinations and his current lack of fighting spirit.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 110.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Hallucinations? Just excuses, I bet! He's bowing out just because he got thrashed?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 111.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Extra! Extra! Brat even more cowardly than Huohuo discovered! Read all about it!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 109.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Don't say that, Mr. Tail... It's probably really emotionally damaging to realize how huge the skill gap is between you and your opponent!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 112.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Is that the reason you don't want to fight?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 113 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' If that kid wants to forfeit the match, (Trailblazer), why don't you give Huohuo some proper training and forget about this mess?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 110.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Actually... hallucinations... Th&mdash;There's a way to deal with them. As long as there's someone who's superb at dealing with matters of the heart, and a kind-hearted heliobus willing to help out...
::Huohuo winked at you, hinting at joining her in the guilt tripping.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah... Sad that it's hard to find such compassionate heliobi these days...
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 114.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Huh? What are you lot looking at me for?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where would we even find such a heliobus?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 115.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Huh? What are you lot looking at me for?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huohuo, what's wrong? Are your eyes dry?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 111.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Eek... No...
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 116.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I know what's wrong. Her eyes have claws in 'em.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 117.ogg}} '''Tail:''' ...Stop looking at me like that! Do I look like a psychiatrist to you?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 118.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Bah, you people... I bet you think I'm super useful, don't you? I'm charging a fee next time.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 112.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Thank you, Mr. Tail!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you, Mr. Tail!
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 119.ogg}} '''Tail:''' You're lucky I'm a big softie on the inside.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} At least you're being reasonable now.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 120.ogg}} '''Tail:''' You wanna get smacked?
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 121.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Where's Luka now? Take me to him.
::{{tx}}
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu player 125 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu player 125 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Huohuo and Tail seem to be on the Skysplitter too. Let's look for them...)

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G105)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 101 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Look, (Trailblazer) is here...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 101 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Over here! Quickly!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Bring Huohuo and Tail to the lounge{{subst:void|<!--802511303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Mr. Tail is so awesome! He's basically a Xianzhou-version Clockie!<br />Hopefully he can get Luka out of the shadow of defeat...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Luka)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceEndSeq",
	"Cases": [
		{
			"Case": 1,
			"OnSuccess": [
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerGroupEventOnDialogEnd",
					"EventName": {
						"Value": "802510305_OpenRaid"
					}
				},
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"OnSuccess": [
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
				}
			]
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; 802510305_OpenRaid)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 40103,
	"OnCancel": [],
	"OnEnter": []
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; TriggerPerformance)
:{{tx}}
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 151 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 151 f.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' (Trailblazer), you're back? Who are these two?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're Luka's fans.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 152.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' Ooh, Luka's fans! Luka, your fans are here to see you!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 153.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' Hang on... What's this! I&mdash;It's a ghost! To think Luka has fans from realms that transcend mortality!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 122.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Good thing I'm already used to such reactions.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 113.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Hello Luka... I'm Huohuo, and this here is Mr. Tail. We're your fans...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 341.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Ah, my fans... Sorry to have disappointed you.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 154.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' ...Luka's really down in the dumps now, and he can't lift his spirits up for anything. I ordered a couple pounds of grilled meat for him so he might have a feast to cheer him up. But he just sat there all moody and devoured the lot.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} At least his appetite hasn't changed.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 342.ogg}} '''Luka:''' No matter how bad my mood is, high-quality protein is never to blame.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You ate it all?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 123.ogg}} '''Tail:''' This must be the fabled manifestation of "eating with a vengeance."
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 114 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 114 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Actually, Mr. Luka, we're healers invited by (Trailblazer) to help you with your depressive emotions and hallucinations.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 124.ogg}} '''Tail:''' There is no "we." I'm the only one here who's powerful enough to perform such a difficult task!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 343.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Everyone, I've already withdrawn from the tournament. Please stop wasting your time and money on someone as useless as me.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 125.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Gah, I can't take it. The depression he's radiating is making even me uncomfortable. Hurry up and lemme at him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm counting on you, Mr. Tail.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 126.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I'm really going to start charging money next time!
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Just a minute.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 127.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Stop wasting time! Hurry up!
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; EndPerformance)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Wait for Tail to "change Luka's heart"{{subst:void|<!--802511304-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Tail)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 128.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I'm going to start, that good?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm counting on you, Mr. Tail.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 129.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I'm really going to start charging money next time!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 346.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Uh? This... Mr. Tail? What are you doing so close to me?
:;(Screen fades to black)
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 347.ogg}} '''Luka:''' C&mdash;Cold! I was shivering for a second there...
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Just a minute.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 130.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Stop wasting time! Hurry up!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; 802510305_OpenRaid)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 40103,
	"OnCancel": [],
	"OnEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Escort Huohuo and Tail out{{subst:void|<!--802511306-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Luka finally put himself together with Mr. Tail's help!<br />Now Huohuo and Tail need to leave. See them out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Carmella)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 392.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Goodbye! Please come see my match again next time! I won't disappoint you, after all the help you've given me!

;(Talk to Luka)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 392.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Goodbye! Please come see my match again next time! I won't disappoint you, after all the help you've given me!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 387 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 387 f.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Miss Carmella, Coach (Trailblazer), I'm sorry. I shouldn't have given up so easily.
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 155.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' Luka, what's with you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You got it all figured out?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's changed his mind...
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 388.ogg}} '''Luka:''' I've decided to participate in the popularity revival repechage and return to the Wardance's stage!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 156.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' That's great! Luka, you've finally come around!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 115.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' That's fantastic. I was sad seeing you so depressed just now.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's good that you've snapped out of it!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 389.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Yes, thank you, all of you. I'll never back down from a fight ever again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now go do ten sets of pull-ups to warm up!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 390.ogg}} '''Luka:''' You're such a brutal coach!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 157.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' But, what happened just now... Luka just came to his senses after that green flash of light? This treatment is a little too... effective, isn't it?
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 391.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Maybe it's because I've seen too many bizarre things after arriving on the Luofu. But after witnessing Mr. Tail's capability, I'm actually surprised that I'm not very surprised at all.
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 154.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Hey! Who're you calling a bizarre thing!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu camera 158.ogg}} '''Carmella:''' Speaking of which, doesn't the popularity revival repechage rely on popularity votes? Is Mr. Luka qualified to join the repechage?
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 116.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Let's see... Let's see...
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 117.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I&mdash;I&mdash;I&mdash;I found it! Luka! The list! The repechage! He's in it!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 155 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 155 f.ogg}} '''Tail:''' (Trailblazer), looks like you're going to be busy. A pity! I'll have to temporarily shelve my plan to have Huohuo get pummeled.
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 118.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Mis! Ter! Tail!
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 156.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I'm out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll see them off.
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 392.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Goodbye! Please come see my match again next time! I won't disappoint you, after all the help you've given me!
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Carmella)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 392.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Goodbye! Please come see my match again next time! I won't disappoint you, after all the help you've given me!

;(Talk to Luka)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu luka 392.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Goodbye! Please come see my match again next time! I won't disappoint you, after all the help you've given me!

;(Unused &mdash; TriggerPerformance)
:{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 157.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Okay, this is far enough. Go back and take care of your business.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 119 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 119 f.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' Ooo-er... It's suffocating trying to keep a secret. (Trailblazer), I have to spill the beans. Mr. Tail actually came to look for you to...
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 158.ogg}} '''Tail:''' You dare!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huohuo, don't be afraid to speak your mind
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I knew Tail missed me.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu huohuo 120.ogg}} '''Huohuo:''' I'm sorry, Mr. Tail! In truth, Mr. Tail really likes watching Luka's fights.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 159.ogg}} '''Tail:''' You rascal! How are you even a Judge when you can't even keep a secret! Agh forget it! I'll deal with you when we get back.
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 160.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Anyway, you heard it. You better be a good coach and make sure that kid wins a few matches in style, got it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't let you down.
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 161.ogg}} '''Tail:''' Good... I'm counting on you then!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're teaching me how to do my job?
:::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 162.ogg}} '''Tail:''' I'm trying to be serious with you!
::{{A|VO side2 yanwu tail 163.ogg}} '''Tail:''' We're leaving. See you some other time.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Walk around a bit{{subst:void|<!--802511312-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|The tense and exciting match draws to a temporary close. It's time to have a quick breather... But with Luka eliminated, you don't really have the desire to "rest."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Barren Land Birthed a Brave Soul
|zhs  = 古来僻壤生豪勇
|zht  = 古來僻壤生豪勇
|ja   = 古来、辺境には豪勇の士が生まれ落ちる
|ko   = 예로부터 용자는 벽촌에서 나니
|es   = Almas guerreras de tierras áridas de otro mundo
|fr   = La bravoure naît des terres arides
|ru   = Отважная душа из дальнего мира
|th   = แดนร้างถิ่นกำเนิดผู้กล้า
|vi   = Xưa Nay Đất Hoang Sinh Dũng Khí
|de   = Mutige Seele der kargen Außenwelt
|id   = Pemberani dari Tempat Terpencil
|pt   = Da Terra Estéril Nasceu uma Alma Corajosa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
