<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2020507
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Vita Infinita (Companion Mission Chapter)
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Total Recall]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = March 7th; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Passenger Cabin]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Passenger Cabin
|prev          = Total Recall
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Vita Infinita (Companion Mission Chapter)|Vita Infinita]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Obtain {{Item|March 7th's "Origin"|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to March 7th)
:{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 251.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, the "me" in the Light Cone looks kinda cute, don't you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Sure.
:::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 252.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hee-hee, just telling it like I see it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cuter than the real you.
:::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 253.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hmph, don't believe you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not as cute as the real you.
:::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 254.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Obviously! How could "Light Cone me" be cuter than actual me?
:{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 244.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Huh, I just found this in my pocket... How did it get there?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is it?
::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 245.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Looks like a Light Cone. Didn't that weird voice in the Matrix say something about a parting gift? I guess this is it.
::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 246.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' My "origin," huh... I don't know why, but the voice sounded friendly to me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I trust your intuition.
:::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 247.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Well, guess I'll keep it then!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know about that...
:::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 248.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' *sigh* You're too cautious. A gift is a gift &mdash; it's rude not to take it!
::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 249.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Jumping through all those hoops in the Matrix was pretty exhausting, but this little gift makes me feel like it was worth it.
::{{A|VO side2 fx1 mar7th 250.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' I'll have to find time to thank Miss Fu Xuan properly. I really owe her one.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
