<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Dragon Returns Home#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2020602
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Dragon Returns Home.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Vita Infinita (Companion Mission Chapter)
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Angry Voice; Bailu; Dan Heng; Huanxi; Jing Yuan; Kind Female Voice; Old Voice; Trailblazer; Twisted Voice
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Scalegorge Waterscape]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Scalegorge Waterscape
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*500; Stellar Jade*100; Traveler's Guide*3; Lost Crystal*3; Lifeless Blade*6; "Samudrartha"*1 { text = "Samudrartha" }; Credit*40,000
}}
'''''The Dragon Returns Home''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Vita Infinita (Companion Mission Chapter)|Vita Infinita]].

==Steps==
# Head to the Roots of the Arbor and repair its seal
# Leave the Scalegorge Waterscape using Mirage Echolocation
# Meet with Huanxi and leave the Scalegorge Waterscape
# Speak with Bailu and complete the sealing

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 101.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' *sigh* So slow. I've been waiting for you here for aaaages.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Everyone on the way here wanted to chat with Dan Heng.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 102 f.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Hello there, (Trailblazer). Long time no see &mdash; what are you doing here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We met an assassin on the way over.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 huanxi 134.ogg}} '''Huanxi:''' We were met by an assassin on the way over, Miss.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 103.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' An assassin!? Are you okay? Are you injured?
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Roots of the Arbor and repair its seal{{subst:void|<!--202060202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|It is the duty of the Luofu Vidyadhara to repair the Ambrosial Arbor's seal. The high elder of the Luofu Vidyadhara and the one who possesses the power of the previous high elder must shoulder this duty together before the roots of the arbor.<br />Dan Heng said he wishes to return his power to the Luofu high elder, but such powers cannot simply be borrowed or returned on a whim.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 112.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...Wowwww, what a magnificent sight! Is that the Ambrosial Arbor?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 133.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Yes. Forming a seal and using their power to curb the spread of the Arbor's roots is an important task entrusted to the Luofu's high elder.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 113.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' News to me. The elders must be well aware that I'm not qualified for this position.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 114.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Which begs the question... why did Dan Feng choose me all those years ago?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 134.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' That's exactly what I've come to Scalegorge Waterscape to find out.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 135.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Among the Vidyadhara, the high elder is the existence closest to the Permanence.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 136.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' According to historical records, the high elder succession involves a secret ritual known as the Transmutation Arcanum, as well as a treasure known as dragon heart. Once succession is complete, the former high elder undergoes a hatching rebirth, while the new high elder begins to display draconic features.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 137.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' However, Dan Feng's ritual failed, and his powers remained within me... And yet for some reason, it also created you.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 115.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' So in medical terms &mdash; he messed up the prescription... and brought suffering down on himself and just about everyone else in the process.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 138.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I want to use this opportunity to repair the Ambrosial Arbor's seal and see if I can help recall our memories...
----
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Shun the tree's growth,
::the residual plague.
::Water of the ancient sea,
::upon the High Elder's command,
::subdue...
::...the eternal roots.
::Strange...
::This is different from the breaking of the seal.
::Why is there no reaction?
::What's wrong? Not going to plan, huh...
::Shun the tree's growth, the residual plague.
::Shun the tree's growth, the residual plague.
::Water of the ancient sea,
::upon the High Elder's command,
::subdue the eternal roots.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
:{{tx}}
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetStageItemState",
	"ItemList": [
		{
			"BlockAlias": "02_Effect",
			"PrefabAlias": "Dragon_Effect_00"
		}
	],
	"EnableState": true
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 121.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Whew, that's fun. Dan Heng, teach me another trick. Let's see if I can remember anything else.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 147 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 147 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Wait, (Trailblazer). Can you feel it? There's someone coming!
----
:<!--0.3-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40232_F40232002_G10",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor5",
	"IsActive": true,
	"WaitBlendFinish": true,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "EaseInOut",
		"CustomCurveName": "Blend_FastToSlow",
		"BlendTime": 3,
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 148.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' You... Who are you?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40232_F40232002_G10",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor5",
	"IsActive": true,
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Ballistarius*2{ text = Furtive Assassin }; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1{ text = Furtive Assassin }; Mara-Struck Soldier*1{ text = Furtive Assassin }}}

;(Talk to Vidyadhara Mirage Echo)
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 101.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' Miss Bailu, what are you doing in my pharmacy? Don't tell me you've already heard about Sanctus Medicus... Have you come here to condemn me?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 136.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Seems like none of the Mirage Echoes realize that they've already been reborn...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 173.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' They are mere fragments stripped from the lives of the Vidyadhara.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 102.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' I have never believed in the High Elder! You are unworthy of the condemnation you spout!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 103.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' Especially you, Miss Bailu. You simply do not have the power of the High Elder &mdash; the power to summon the forces of nature... Why should I believe you are superior in any way to Master Dan Feng?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 104.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' The Preceptors, our people... they think that the High Elder is the Vidyadhara's only savior. Arrogant, illogical! Have you seen what Merciful Medicus can do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Restore the ability to reproduce.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 105.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' Precisely!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give people immortality.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 106.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' The Vidyadhara already have immortal bodies. What they should pray for is the ability to reproduce like the Xianzhou natives.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 107.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' Merciful Medicus will help us to grow our population and bear descendants. They can do what the High Elder cannot.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingH 108.ogg}} '''Twisted Voice:''' One day you will come to know that I was right.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 137.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' I never knew the Vidyadhara had believers in the Plagues Author among their ranks...
----

;(Talk to Bailu)
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 152.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' The Vidyadhara have neither parents nor family members. Once born, a teacher is assigned to instruct the young Vidyadhara in the art of cloudhymn, as well as various life skills.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 153.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...Dan Heng, did you have a teacher like that?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 179.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' If you're asking about Vidyadhara tradition, I'm afraid that's something I never had any experience of. I've always been a wanderer... I can never return to my homeland.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 180.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' In my fragmented dreams, I meet enemies on the battlefield... but in my travels, I meet many people who I can describe with the word "teacher."
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 154.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' As far back as I can remember, I've had the Preceptors and Alchemy Commission healers telling me what to do. "Cure diseases, save lives..." I don't know if that counts as "teaching..."
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 155.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' You know something? It feels like you're the teacher I've been waiting for. "Virtuous in the past life, master in the next life..." Perhaps we were friends or disciples in our previous incarnations.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 181.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' A friend or disciple of Dan Feng? Maybe.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 182.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Miss Bailu... at first I was worried that your title of high elder was in name only, and that an absence of true power would eventually put you in grave danger... It seems I was overthinking things &mdash; you have no shortage of true power.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 156.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' You mean the power to repair the seal? The power you taught me?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 183.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The Mirage Echoes of Scalegorge Waterscape mentioned that not only was Dan Feng a brave warrior &mdash; he could heal others with cloudhymn magic.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 184.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' What you have is the power of the high elder that belongs to you &mdash; the power of life that can reforge the Arbor's seal and the vitality of the eternal roots... It is a world away from my power of destruction.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 157.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' In that case, Dan Feng probably had a gentle side to him too, right?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 185.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Perhaps...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 158.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Hmm... We should head back to the Healer's Market, I have other things to do today. Let's go.
----

;(Talk to )
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 152.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' The Vidyadhara have neither parents nor family members. Once born, a teacher is assigned to instruct the young Vidyadhara in the art of cloudhymn, as well as various life skills.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 153.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...Dan Heng, did you have a teacher like that?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 179.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' If you're asking about Vidyadhara tradition, I'm afraid that's something I never had any experience of. I've always been a wanderer... I can never return to my homeland.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 180.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' In my fragmented dreams, I meet enemies on the battlefield... but in my travels, I meet many people who I can describe with the word "teacher."
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 154.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' As far back as I can remember, I've had the Preceptors and Alchemy Commission healers telling me what to do. "Cure diseases, save lives..." I don't know if that counts as "teaching..."
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 155.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' You know something? It feels like you're the teacher I've been waiting for. "Virtuous in the past life, master in the next life..." Perhaps we were friends or disciples in our previous incarnations.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 181.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' A friend or disciple of Dan Feng? Maybe.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 182.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Miss Bailu... at first I was worried that your title of high elder was in name only, and that an absence of true power would eventually put you in grave danger... It seems I was overthinking things &mdash; you have no shortage of true power.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 156.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' You mean the power to repair the seal? The power you taught me?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 183.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The Mirage Echoes of Scalegorge Waterscape mentioned that not only was Dan Feng a brave warrior &mdash; he could heal others with cloudhymn magic.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 184.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' What you have is the power of the high elder that belongs to you &mdash; the power of life that can reforge the Arbor's seal and the vitality of the eternal roots... It is a world away from my power of destruction.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 157.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' In that case, Dan Feng probably had a gentle side to him too, right?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 185.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Perhaps...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 158.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Hmm... We should head back to the Healer's Market, I have other things to do today. Let's go.
----
----
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 123.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' How did they manage to appear right next to us without a sound?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 150.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' They may have used a cloudhymn to create mist and provide a smokescreen. I'm afraid this ambush was probably lying in wait for us...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 151.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Seems like some people have had enough of my presence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it an assassin from the Alchemy Commission?
::<!--0.3-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 152.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...If so, why would they want to harm Bailu?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was the assassin sent by the Preceptors?
::<!--0.3-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 153.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' If I'm their target, why would they come after Bailu?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Should we retreat?
::<!--0.3-second delay-->
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 154.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' We don't know how many there are &mdash; let's get out of here. Go!
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Leave the Scalegorge Waterscape using Mirage Echolocation{{subst:void|<!--202060212-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|The Vidyadhara assassins used cloudhymn magic to conceal themselves and get close to you before attacking. As a seasoned warrior, Dan Heng is more than capable of handling himself, but Bailu is another deal, and will need your protection!<br />The Vidyadhara Mirage Echo offers active responses to both Dan Heng and Bailu. Listen to what they're saying and maybe it will help you all understand what happened all those years ago.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 124.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Look &mdash; look at that shadow... Could it be an assassin?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 155.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Don't worry &mdash; those things aren't hostile.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 101.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' This power... it rivals the tidal forces in Scalegorge Waterscape. Is that you, Dan Feng... Have you returned?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 157.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I'm afraid you have the wrong person.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this... a Vidyadhara ghost?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 158.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' These floating shadows are called Mirage Echoes. They are memories of past lives and echoes from the past that the Vidyadhara shed during their rebirth.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 126.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' The books say that these mirages only speak to people they can recognize, and the water on their bodies can be used as medicine!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 159.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Seems this mirage mistook me for Dan Feng.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 102.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' There's no mistake... This old man would recognize your voice anywhere. Hehe... Have you come to this sacred place to repent?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 103.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' The proud son of the Vidyadhara, hero of the High-Cloud Quintet, hehe... You fought with us your whole life &mdash; how far you have fallen...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 104.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' You availed yourself of the Transmutation Arcanum to summon that draconic abomination... and almost laid waste to Scalegorge Waterscape in the process!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 105.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' If your allies hadn't united to slay it, then the abomination would have destroyed the Ambrosial Arbor's seal. Tell me, did it sadden you to watch the abomination perish?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 106.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' As the high elder, you should have freed us from the plight of rebirth and set foot on a brand-new path... but instead you were seduced by your reputation and abandoned yourself... You counted Xianzhou natives and even short-life species among your friends...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 107.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' The upcoming trial is your final chance. Hand over the secrets of the Transmutation Arcanum now, and the Preceptors can help you keep your secret.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Transmutation Arcanum?
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 108.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' Isn't that draconic abomination you created proof of the Transmutation Arcanum's success?
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 160.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Hmm... I heard that Dan Feng craved the powers of our dragon ancestor, Long the Permanence, and created a monstrous dragon-like creature. That must be what he's referring to.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 161.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' And so the hero of the Xianzhou became its arch-villain.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Trial?
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 109.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' Our laws could have seen you executed &mdash; pity that the high elder succession could not be allowed to die with you.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 110.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' Caelorum Venti of the Yaoqing put forward a strong case for you, and the Ten-Lords Commission spared you from capital punishment. But the punishment of molting rebirth could not be avoided.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 162.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Elder, look around you. You've long since reincarnated. What remains here are just the mirages of the waters of the ancient sea.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingE 111.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' Impossible, I&mdash;I still live! The high elder succession will not be severed in this generation...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 127.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...I don't like this Mirage Echo.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 128.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' He thought that the Vidyadhara was superior to other races and that he was superior to other Vidyadhara... As if the Vidyadhara would never progress without their plans.
:<!--0.3-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 129.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' I guess Dan Feng probably never told them the secret of the Transmutation Arcanum...
:{{A|VO chapter2 1 danheng 101.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 163.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' We shouldn't linger here.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 164.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The assassins are using skilled cloudhymn magic to make themselves invisible... but their presence is all too real.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 165.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' These Mirage Echoes, on the other hand, are vestiges of the past. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|If we can center and transmit the echoes, we should be able to detect any assassins hidden beneath the surface of the water.}}
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 166.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Let's look for Mirage Echoes and send out pulses. Move carefully.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 101.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' Miss Bailu, you fled the Alchemy Commission yet again! How many times have I told you, our rules state that&mdash;
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 130.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Sorry, I'm sorry! I won't do it again!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 131.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...Wait, I remember that voice. That's the old chief alchemist. So she's... been reborn?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 102.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' Reborn? More excuses. Who brought you out this time. Is that... Master Dan Feng?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've got the wrong person.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 103.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' I don't think so. The appearance of the Luofu's High Elders have been similar through the ages, but there's no mistaking Master Dan Feng...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's not Dan Feng.
::{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 104.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' Why do you remain silent? Your Highness, you're still as cold and lonely as you ever were, like the eternal ice on the Fanghu.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 105.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' Bailu, return to the Forbidden Residence. I must speak with Master Dan Feng.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 132.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' O&mdash;Okay.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 133.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...W&mdash;Wait, no! You're just a Mirage Echo. Ugh, I got tricked again!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 106.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' Master Dan Feng, I finally understand your plan. That little girl is the key to the Transmutation Arcanum! This is a breakthrough for my research!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Your research?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The key?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 107.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' The Vidyadhara perform self-reincarnation, but we are unable to reproduce. Natural and artificial disasters inevitably reduce our population.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 108.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' If this continues, one day our noble draconic bloodline will perish, and the fated decree of The Permanence will be violated. For this very reason, I have spent my entire life researching ways to free the Vidyadhara from the cycle of reincarnation.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 109.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' I have been without success for a long, long time, thinking that this reincarnation had been nought but a waste. But now you have enlightened me!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 167.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Dan Feng... What did he do?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 110.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' Master Dan Feng, your changes to the Transmutation Arcanum created a draconic abomination that wreaked great destruction... but it also created a new life! This is the hope that will one day allow the Vidyadhara to reproduce!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Allow the Vidyadhara to reproduce once again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Created a new life?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 111.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' My understanding of reproduction was limited by ordinary notions &mdash; how constrained I was! Why should Vidyadhara reproduction remain trapped within the confines of our race...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 112.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' To unearth the potential might of Long's blood... and incorporate other races into the flesh of the dragon &mdash; isn't that the real meaning behind the Transmutation Arcanum?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingF 113.ogg}} '''Kind Female Voice:''' The Preceptors are too narrow-minded to see your talent. They want to install another High Elder. Foolish!
:<!--0.3-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 134.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...What does she mean by that?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 168.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The Transmutation Arcanum seems to contain a secret that allows the Vidyadhara to escape the cycle of reincarnation and return to normal reproduction... but the mechanism eludes me.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 169.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Let's go.
----
:<!--1-second delay-->
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 101.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' It's you, Master Dan Feng! Why did you disgrace yourself!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 102.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' You were my hero &mdash; I dreamed of being just like you &mdash; of joining the Cloud Knights... But you betrayed the hopes and dreams of the elders!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 170.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' This Mirage Echo... he must be a Cloud Knight who fought alongside Dan Feng all those years ago.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 103.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' How many of us perished in that disaster and could not be reincarnated? And I... My leg was torn off by that abomination... Oh, the pain...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 104.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' The doctors at the Alchemy Commission said I have to reincarnate as soon as possible to avoid affecting my immortal life... But my poor comrades have no chance of returning to the ancient sea.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 105.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' You once told us that we should cherish every life cycle, and that you would use cloudhymn magic to heal our wounds... But in the end, all you did was betray us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dan Heng, you don't have to listen to him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 171.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I must listen to him very carefully &mdash; we cannot afford to miss any information.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 106.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' I will never forgive you. The High Elder's power belongs to the Vidyadhara of the Luofu &mdash; you are unworthy. The Vidyadhara must not sever the High Elder succession tradition just because of you.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 chimingG 107.ogg}} '''Angry Voice:''' Hand it over!
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 135.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Dan Heng, is this the price we pay for bearing the power of the High Elder? Carrying the weight of all these expectations, all this hatred...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 danheng 172.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Before any of this transpires, you have enough time to prepare.
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"GroupID": 2,
	"GroupNpcID": 400003,
	"DestroyList": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet with Huanxi and leave the Scalegorge Waterscape{{subst:void|<!--202060215-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Your about to arrive at the Dragonvista Rain Hall next. If all goes as expected, those hidden assassins probably won't be able to attack as they please. Of course, the expected might still be followed by the unexpected.<br />Still, even if something happens, it's not a big deal. Dan Heng's always reliable. You can always count on Dan Heng.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 huanxi 138.ogg}} '''Huanxi:''' Miss Bailu? Are you okay? You were in there for such a long time...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 146 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 146 f.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Luckily, I had Dan Heng and (Trailblazer) to protect me all the way. If anyone's owed a thanks, it's them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This has been a very dangerous journey...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a good thing we managed to escape.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 huanxi 139.ogg}} '''Huanxi:''' I didn't expect those assassins to be so brazen and reckless, storming a sacred place like Scalegorge Waterscape and pursuing you... Rest assured, Miss Bailu. I'll report them to the elders and round them all up.
:{{tx}}
;(Enter battle)
::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*2{ text = Furtive Assassin }; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*2{ text = Furtive Assassin }}}
::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*3{ text = Furtive Assassin }; Mara-Struck Soldier*1{ text = Furtive Assassin }; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/-16.7% HP{ text = Furtive Assassin }}}
----
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 huanxi 147.ogg}} '''Huanxi:''' A pity, hehe... So close...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 jingyuan 124.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Did the Preceptors truly believe that nobody knew of their scheme?
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 jingyuan 125.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' They should return to their senses. Attacking the Dragon Lady only destroys what little prestige they have remaining.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 huanxi 148.ogg}} '''Huanxi:''' The whole thing was planned by me and me alone. Beware of false charges, General...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 jingyuan 126.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Save your breath. We'll know the truth once the Cloud Knights send you to the Ten-Lords Commission's Judges.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 huanxi 149.ogg}} '''Huanxi:''' Too late, Jing Yuan. I go no further...
:{{Black Screen|Huanxi exhales her last breath and collapses to the ground.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Hollowing_D",
	"SubMissionID": 202060216
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 149.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' I always felt useless in the eyes of the elders &mdash; a false dragon who failed to inherit the power of the High Elder...
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 150.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' ...and today I realized &mdash; they'll use any means of removing me.
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 jingyuan 127.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Not all of the Vidyadhara harbor evil intentions. If you feel uneasy, Dragon Lady, the Seat of Divine Foresight can arrange for you to stay elsewhere.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 bailu 151.ogg}} '''Bailu:''' Thank you, general. I'd like to talk more with Dan Heng first.
:{{A|VO side2 dh1 jingyuan 128.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Very well. I will await all of you at the ferry.
:{{Black Screen|Huanxi exhales her last breath and collapses to the ground.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Bailu and complete the sealing{{subst:void|<!--202060217-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|With even her personal maid revealed to be a spy planted to monitor her at the behest of another authority, who else can Bailu trust? She wants to talk more with Dan Heng. Perhaps her thoughts are in disarray, or maybe she has something new in mind...<br />Frankly, if it weren't for those assassins, they should have begun talking some time ago. Well, there's no time like the present, right?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Dragon Returns Home
|zhs  = 龙返其乡
|zht  = 龍返其鄉
|ja   = 龍、其の郷に帰りて
|ko   = 용의 귀향
|es   = El dragón vuelve a su hogar
|fr   = Le retour du dragon
|ru   = Возвращение дракона
|th   = มังกรคืนถิ่น
|vi   = Rồng Hồi Hương
|de   = Der Drache kehrt heim
|id   = Sang Naga Kembali
|pt   = O Dragão Retorna ao Lar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
