:'''Herta:''' "0％ complete &mdash; looks like it's stopped at the node after the core was disabled." Herta frowns. "Hello, Screwllum, do you read? Hurry up and fix this."
:'''Screwllum:''' "The Unknowable Domain's turbulence is interfering with your current landing area &mdash; there is no way to lock in on the exact time period." Screwllum's voice is nonchalantly transmitted. "Suggestion: Perform complete backtrack on the Simulated Universe's records, returning to the Scepter's most complete moment, and connect to the core."
:'''Herta:''' "Do whatever is required. Just get it started."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A star hurtles towards you all. You recognize its melancholy hue &mdash; Rubert II's cenotaph, Patavia frantically carving her formula on the tombstone, iron flakes and bloodstains etched into her palms.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The rampaging ship sails upstream along the deluge of time. You traverse the dust-mired Cosmic Library, the crowds on the ground congregating like ants, screaming "Return knowledge to knowledge!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Backtrack.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The blazing ray penetrates layers of rusted metal, tens of millions of Meniks standing there, frigid commands erupting from the throats of organic throats: "Activate Anti-Organic Equation extrapolation."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Continue backtracking.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Time rewinds, shrouding you all with scholars' attires. At the Futurological Congress, the roiling voices of a thronging crowd accompanied by scholars jostling with one another and pushing past you. Patavia is talking to someone, her face covered in a mild smile, "The future? Heh, the future."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Continue backtracking!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Why in such haste to advance forth, my friends?" Time freezes in that instant as if the crowd moving in reverse hears a commanding voice. Patavia becomes an immobile statue of ice and the woman beside her &mdash; the woman who should have been an entity composed of false data &mdash; turns her gaze to you.
:'''???:''' "Herta, it's time to stop this little game that you and your friends have concocted to peek at past secrets. How about a dance with me before I sever it with my scalpel?" She takes off her scholars' uniform, her candy-colored gown sashaying, and her face unclear.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Detected..." The communication breaks off and the Simulated Universe's backtracking progress suddenly collapses.
:'''???:''' "I can feel someone prying into my {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|steps}}." The woman takes out a scalpel, places it in her palm, and starts polishing it. "So I am preparing a gift in return &mdash; a game of cat and mouse."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Illegal login detected. Firewall interception failed. Unknowable Domain permissions changed. All requests blocked, verifying visitor request...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Identity verification complete. Genius Society #4...
:'''Herta:''' "What're you standing there for, (Trailblazer)? Run!"
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "Welcome to the Knowable Domain, the experimental environment that I meticulously created."