:'''Simulated Universe:''' Imagine a butterfly, an insignificant butterfly flitting its wings.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In an Isthmian Confederation competition, it was struck by a competitor's bat. The powder from its wings triggered a respiration allergy in the competitor, causing him to sneeze non-stop. Later, that competitor passed on a trifling cold virus to his president whom he was visiting.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The headache and fever brought about by the cold caused the decision tree to boldly tilt towards the "aggression" quadrant by two percent. Eventually, the president signed an order to declare war on their neighboring confederation, resulting in countless deaths.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The president's private physician received news that her lover was killed in the war. She used a scalpel to slice open the president's now-recovered throat, and despairingly disposed of the murder weapon from a high vantage point.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The passing killer picked up this murder weapon that fell from the sky &mdash; this specimen needle capable of nailing a butterfly that could whip up storms &mdash; and tightly gripped it in her hand.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This killer regards geniuses as targets, her scalpel closing in on your necks. And now, three shelters lie before you. To avoid capture, where will the struggling prey flee to?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Neutron Star Fortress - probability of survival: 99.99％.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' When a butterfly flaps its wings, the particles on its scaled wings conjure a reaction in just the right amounts. It falls into a micro-wormhole that randomly forms, blooming from a coincidence within a neutron star, tearing apart a perfectly sealed residence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Iron Prison - probability of survival: 57.02％.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' When a butterfly flaps its wings, the particles on its scaled wings conjure a reaction in just the right amounts. It drifts into the safety net, accidentally disrupting some internal signal within the temperature control maintenance system, sending the space inside the prison into a sea of fire.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Crystal Hotel - probability of survival: 8.58％.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' When a butterfly flaps its wings, the particles on its scaled wings conjure a reaction in just the right amounts. Its drifting, downward descent acts in perfect tandem with gravity, more and more dust wrapping around it, till it becomes a rolling rock that crushes the hotel.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "In the Knowable Domain, probability and coincidences bear no meaning." Polka calmly foretells. "You will welcome a play of comedy, and then one of tragedy."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The turbulent data hinders the Simulated Universe's extrapolation on the Scepter system &mdash; {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|you are unable to reconnect to the Scepter.}}