:'''Simulated Universe:''' There was once a belief to view the world as a meticulous clockwork piece, where if information about every atom is grasped, then all movements' trajectories could be predicted. Simply put, the future is already determined by the past. While this concept is no more than words spoken in a fool's dream, a more intuitive frame of reference exists in the universe beyond &mdash; The concept of "Instant" as extrapolated by Nous.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "I received an invitation with Rubert's resurrection as its seal." The voice keeps its distance but is easily capable of ending you at any moment. "...with the fifth genius joining your laughable project as bait."
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "So, I am here. But 'tis not to join you all..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The death of one person becomes the spark for the Emperor's War. The oversight of one variable means the Anti-Organic Virus pushed the Scholars' Strife to the brink of destruction. The change in one particle causes an explosion that obliterates an inspiration to change the world. As long as an infinitesimal variable is added, the future would become vastly different, the face of the universe becomes radically altered, and the stars turn into a chaotic soup in the great cauldron of creation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' If unknown knowledge outside the circle threatens to disrupt the ascertained future, then such knowledge should never appear again. Before the future model can be guided into the unknown, a genius stands in the darkness, pushing down the first domino &mdash; a domino set forged from the bones of geniuses.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "I come to kill the myriad of chaotic possibilities you will bring."
:'''Herta:''' "We have speculated over a thousand reasons regarding the Lord of Silence's relentless hunt for geniuses... Envy? Power? Or the plundering of knowledge? This is the only reason we hadn't considered &mdash; Extinguishing chaotic possibilities? Your criminal motive is truly unique."
:'''Herta:''' "You murder of geniuses in an attempt to stem the growth of cosmic knowledge... Is it just so you can turn the entire universe into your own Knowable Domain?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You mean... those accidents that Herta encountered...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You mean... the one behind the Scholars' Strife as well?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Lord of Silence does not speak. She does not deign to respond to your accusations.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' When a butterfly beats its wings, even if worlds hundreds of light years away are destroyed because of this, the butterfly would not know any better because it is just beating its wings. Correcting deviating variables in an experiment and avoiding interference from unknown information &mdash; this is what every scholar would do.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is just sophistry!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is just irresponsible!
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "If a thought experiment is used to confine the universe in a circle, one would be considered a sinner. Then, how are we to judge THEM, how anchors 'Instants' onto the universe and locks all wisdom into 'Erudition'?" She is not inquiring. She merely talks to herself.
:'''Herta:''' "Are you... executing THEIR orders?! No, this does not match THEIR divine trait of seeking knowledge."
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "Have you ever considered that 'Perfect Calculation' is also a form of seeking knowledge? You should be very clear that no one can defy THEIR calculations."
:'''Herta:''' "If I connect to all the Scepters that Rubert II left behind and start to think, just like how that Patavia... How she created a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Knowledge Singularity}}? What I'm saying is, if THEY are going to confine the universe within the fetters of perfection as you claim, why would the emperor have been allowed to create those 'Celestial-Body Neurons' used for thought... Did those Scepters allow him to step beyond the circle of knowledge?"
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "..." Is she contemplating Herta's question? Or is she merely thinking about how to kill you all in the most entertaining way?
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "Good question. You're sharper than the rest of the victims." The murky-faced woman's voice sounds sorrowful. "Human thoughts are processed within our tiny brains, while divine thoughts are on a scale where the birth and implosion of stars are mere sparks on THEIR neurons... And the conclusion of THEIR thoughts is nothing less than the outcome of us geniuses' battles to the death."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Geniuses. Thought synapses that the Erudition extends into reality. The physical manifestation and phenomenon of Aeonic thought.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "THEY used 'Instants' to declare a perfect model of the future, and you are a butterfly specimen that escaped from its needle. You flap your wings and roil up the chaos and the unknown &mdash; this will prematurely lead the universe to Finality."
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "I won't allow it. I will stake you down with nails, one by one, inside this Knowable Domain." She sighs, as if lamenting the fragile beauty of a butterfly about to be turned into a specimen.
:'''Herta:''' "A bold statement. You do know that we were the ones who sent out the invite, don't you?"
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "I see it. I see THEIR extrapolations." Polka's tone is chilling. "An 'Instant,' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|an 'Instant' where geniuses shall struggle}} has arrived. Herta, Stephen Lloyd, Ruan Mei, Screwllum... and you, a little bug who stumbled into a web. Struggle with all your might!" She turns her shattered face towards you. Your instincts send your entire body into a hair-standing frenzy &mdash; She is smiling.