:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Emperor's cenotaph, the end of self-coronation. Unfortunately, others came earlier than you. That flash of struggle, suspended in that instant of hope's decimation &mdash; Will become the butterfly's most beautiful moment.
:'''Herta:''' "You sure have a twisted sense of what you find interesting."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' With that same solitary wave was the research topic, two geniuses obtained equally correct but completely divergent theories &mdash; One of them said the universe isn't a clockwork toy, that the future is forever in an unknown pendency. And the other one said...
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "The universe is an exquisitely precise clock. Now, the 'Instant' where the geniuses stop struggling is about to arrive." Polka polishes her scalpel, slowly sauntering towards you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Over? Hic, I haven't even charged out of the universe!" A shattered gondola crashes into the sea of flowers and a masked clown stumbles out of it. The knight from afar extols resoundingly: "A stance of utter beauty! Life that is being stimulated intends to assault the truth!"
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've already told you umpteenth times! I'm not fictional!" A History Fictionologist yells out angrily beside him.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "..." The Lord of Silence responds with silence. You cannot ascertain if that divine-esque silence stems from confusion, or a simmering, seething rage.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' An iron giant hundreds of meters tall crushes the Simulated Universe's skybox, each step sending shockwaves across the ground. Through the loudspeaker, the Architects bellow: "The false bastion is a trial meted unto me by the Amber Lord!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You guys on a team building exercise?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another master has appeared?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' From countless corners, data erupts like torrential rain and howling winds: The chime of the Omen Vanguards, the sorrowful wails of the Mourning Actors, and the scorching heat from The Cremators' flamethrowers &mdash; these were just compliant lines of code within this universe, but at this moment, they all surge forth.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Simulated Universe descends into madness. This chaos isn't caused by coding errors, but a carefully orchestrated plan by the geniuses. Call, copy, call, copy... The cosmic scene deploys all its resources, trying to force the approaching "Omniscient Killer" off the stage with chaos. Everything seems to scream, "There's no place for you here, Polka!"
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "A trap prepared just for me...?" The candy-colored killer grips the storm by its throat, using her scalpel to slice, stab, and cut... The code is shattered into pieces. With each movement, her gaze freezes everything in sight into a rigid iron panel, restoring order to the chaos.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "Now, what other tricks do you have up your sleeve?" Polka faces you with a relaxed posture. Although you cannot penetrate the facial recognition filter that's hiding her features, her muffled scoff seems to betray her mood.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "In my presence, the sequence of poker cards is not random, and the outcome of a coin flip has been predetermined. Whether it's storm or waves, all chaos shall move according to my instructions."
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' She starts laughing. "Hoo... Haha... Hoohoohahaha?" What's so funny about this? There is doubt in her laughter, confusing you as well.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Anxiety and fear are burned away by a sudden gust of joyous wind. Exhilaration, madness, and unparalleled delight grip your senses. A crisp and thunderous sound rings through the sky of the Simulated Universe.
:'''Aha:''' {{Size|36|"Aha!"}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You burst into laughter, and soon everyone present, every line of code, and all things begin laughing.
:'''Aha:''' "Akivili, what trouble did you get yourself into this time?" The source of madness in the guise of a cluster of masks appears and gives you a bow. "Take a look at this place. Everything is locked in its path, and it's eerily silent. Honestly, the stars should all burst into laughter, because whether it's this false universe or the real one, they're both just poorly executed jokes."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aha, I really missed you!
::'''Aha:''' "I missed you too, so much that I've lost my head!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who let this ghastly thing out?
::'''Aha:''' "A little yellow duckling once told me, 'go out and touch some grass, which is good for your health.'"
:'''Screwllum:''' "Logic: The solitary waves theory is the extrapolation fundamental of the Simulated Universe. Once the system's extent of instability hits its limit, all motions become unpredictable." You hear his gears churning. "I've rewritten the system's tendencies, revealing the truth of the world to them. I've introduced a chaotic butterfly into Madam Polka's model."
:'''Herta:''' "Nicely done, Screwllum! This is my first time hearing such pleasing words from this fella."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Aha declares, the universe is like a madman's jest &mdash; chaotic, irrational, and beyond comprehension.}} The Knowable Domain will henceforth be known as the Unknowable Domain.
:'''Aha:''' THEY rested from all the work of creating that THEY had done, and said...
:'''Aha:''' {{Size|36|"Let there be laughter."}}