:'''Simulated Universe:''' The universe rapidly expands in the midst of the chaos, like how a clown blows up balloons at a children's birthday party. Whether it's you or Polka, the distance between you both stretches endlessly. You watch Herta walk into the core, all of the Scepters in the universe in complete resonance, reuniting into one neural system.
:'''Herta:''' "The goal of the Lord of Silence is to stop us from leaving the Circle of Knowledge. Then, with her appearance, does it mean we are currently at the edge of the circle?"
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "You'll be like all the other geniuses, forever unable to know the answer." Polka remains unfazed, tidying her candy-colored robe, like how a butterfly flutters its wings, unleashing the final cyclone upon the universe. Is the future certain or chaotic? The conundrum of the Scholars' Strife plays out once again between the two.
:'''Herta:''' "We'll have a lot in common to talk about, no?" Herta smiles. "Polka, would you like to join us?"
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "I refuse. We both are certain that the hypothesis in our mind is the only correct one, and that certainty will not waver."
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' The woman looks skyward, her invisible gaze like an insect pin that stakes down butterflies, pinning down a certain outcome in the Simulated Universe without the shadow of a doubt &mdash; The Scepters scattered among the sky begin to malfunction and extinguish.
:'''Herta:''' "And that is how we became geniuses."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can the both of you show me some concern?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The wind is too loud, and I can't hear you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Polka swings the scalpel. The mad laughter resonating across the cosmos, along with the forced interference that squeezed at the computational power, causes her data model to teeter on the verge of collapse. For both her and Herta, this will be their final move.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In the tempestuous cosmic winds, the battle between the two geniuses comes to an immediate end.
:'''Herta:''' "The Scepters... It's all over! I haven't even gotten the chance to ask my question... like Patavia did!" She stomps her foot in rage.
:'''Polka Kakamond:''' "You've given me a spectacular performance, and I will grant you the rest of your life as my tip." The woman adjusts her candy-colored robe as if the position of each crease on the fabric is of utmost importance. "Farewell, little one. Count your lucky stars that you're still within the Circle of Knowledge."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The universe stops its expansion, and that candy-colored figure dissolves into emptiness, leaving a profound silence hanging over you and Herta. After a moment of hesitation, you decide to break the silence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This simulated extrapolation failed?
::'''Herta:''' "Of course not! We've successfully invited the fifth genius to collaborate on the Simulated Universe project &mdash; but she declined. Knowing the answer is enough."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We've defeated Polka?
::'''Herta:''' "...A real killer of geniuses indeed. With just one appearance, she nearly brought the entire project to a grinding halt."
::'''Herta:''' "Luckily, it was not entirely in vain. We've successfully invited the fifth genius to collaborate on the Simulated Universe project &mdash; but she declined. *sigh* Knowing this answer is enough."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Herta? Are you okay?
::'''Herta:''' "..." You temporarily believe that her puppet has stopped working.
::'''Herta:''' "...A real killer of geniuses indeed. With just one appearance, she nearly brought the entire project to a grinding halt."
::'''Herta:''' "Luckily, it was not entirely in vain. We've successfully invited the fifth genius to collaborate on the Simulated Universe project &mdash; but she declined. *sigh* Knowing this answer is enough."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Polka has left. You relax. Your lives are safe.
:'''Herta:''' "I really want to rip off that facial recognition filter and post her picture on the most obvious spot on the main page of the Interastral Peace Network." The doll stretches lazily, a habit probably from when she was human.
:'''Herta:''' "Let's go, (Trailblazer). The extrapolation has ended."