:'''Screwllum:''' As the Unknowable Domain poses a certain threat, logic: I must provide an extrapolation target for this domain... in other words, information regarding the "Scholars' Strife," to increase the success rate of the rescue mission.
:'''Screwllum:''' The {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Scepter system}}, inorganic neuron clusters and celestial-level computational interference devices created by Emperor Rubert II, are widely distributed across various quadrants in the imperial domain to complete the observations, extrapolations, and interference orders passed on by him.
:'''Screwllum:''' After the Second Emperor's War, numerous intact Scepter units were handed over to the Intelligentsia Guild by the IPC for research.
:'''Screwllum:''' However, the active Interstellar Energy War, as well as the animosity and disagreements between the various schools, turned what was originally an academic exchange into a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Scholars' Strife}} with the Scepter system at the center.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is your objective this time?
::'''Screwllum:''' Rectified statement: It is Madam Herta's objective. Madam Herta has always hoped to amplify the total knowledge throughout the universe. As for her personal research, it originates from {{Rubi|a conundrum|solitary waves theory}} left over from the era of the "Scholars' Strife."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You lot wish to research the Scepters?
::'''Screwllum:''' Madam Herta may have another objective. Madam Herta has always hoped to amplify the total knowledge throughout the universe. As for her personal research, it originates from {{Rubi|a conundrum|solitary waves theory}} left over from the era of the "Scholars' Strife."
:'''Screwllum:''' It could be said that this extrapolation is a return to the beginning, back to the "origin." However, she has unexpectedly become trapped at this "origin."
:'''Screwllum:''' I hope that this knowledge will assist in your search.