:'''Simulated Universe:''' At the brink of the Simulated Universe, you finally catch sight of Herta's familiar purple silhouette. The genius puppet (one of them) is currently standing on the boundary between two time periods, trying to peel off the unintelligible information of the Unknowable Domain.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You loudly call out to her, but it is not until you are right in front of her that she realizes that the Simulated Universe has gained another living being.
:'''Herta:''' What are you doing here? This place is not for testing. Go and entertain yourself in some other domains.
:'''Screwllum:''' Madam Herta, you have been out of contact with the outside world for 34 universal hours. I specifically requested that (Trailblazer) come to find you.
:'''Herta:''' ...34 universal hours?
:'''Herta:''' It seems that not only does the Unknowable Domain interfere with external observation, but it also affects your sense of time.
:'''Herta:''' Though it looks like unobservable nonsense code from outside, everything is completely normal inside. This cannot be a programming error. It is some kind of... "impurity."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Herta ignores you and Screwllum and casts her gaze back towards the data flow before her. Quickly, you realize that it is not that she is trapped in the Unknowable Domain. She simply... forgot to come back.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Alright, this is classic Herta.
:'''Herta:''' Do you know about the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Circle of Knowledge?}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Herta asks from nowhere. Unlike before, she doesn't seem as frank and forthright. She is immersed in the confusion of some conundrum before her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I learned about it in a past life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't understand a word.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can make one up.
:'''Screwllum:''' Comparing one's own knowledge to a circle, the greater your knowledge, the larger your circle, and the more unknowns lay outside your circle. Appraisal: A very astute metaphor.
:'''Herta:''' Since I began my search for knowledge, whenever the knowledge inside my brain reached a certain level and was about to break through the known circle into the world of the unknown, I would encounter some kind of obstacle.
:'''Herta:''' Mechanical failure, data corruption, even threats to personal safety... All sorts of unlikely events would occur that would push all of my research progress back to zero.
:'''Herta:''' It's like there was a pair of invisible hands constantly preventing me from leaving the circle of the known, creating a continuous Unknowable Domain.
:'''Screwllum:''' Logic: You seem to be applying a subjective quality to these objective obstacles. Allow me to remind you, subjectivity is the enemy of research.
:'''Herta:''' To some, it may be subjective conjecture. To a genius, it is a flash of inspiration. My intuition is telling me that this bottleneck of knowledge that we encounter in the Simulated Universe is stopping us from gaining certain knowledge and unearthing a certain period of history...
:'''Screwllum:''' Deduction: Perhaps "Mythus" of Enigmata cast their gaze over the Simulated Universe? I have 3,215 further deductions. Which would you like to hear?
:'''Herta:''' That sounds more like subjective conjecture to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's talk about this outside.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm out of here.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Herta falls into a moment of uncharacteristic silence. She stands perfectly still and stares into the depths of the Unknowable Domain. It's as if something is waiting there for her. Like a puzzle that calls for a genius to solve it.
:'''Herta:''' Forget it. I can always come back.