<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Life is Like a Vegetable (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24901
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_30.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 127
}}
'''Life is Like a Vegetable (I)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Punish and vanquish evil
|result_1 = Chase the exposed Sanctus Medicus disciple and obtain 2 random Blessing(s) after victory

|choice_2 = Protect peace
|result_2 = Help the Artisanship Commission to fix the out-of-control ingenium and obtain 2 random Curio(s) after victory

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter a restaurant on Planet Adina. An old-fashioned sign in dazzling colors slowly rotates while informing patrons that dogs and Fools are not allowed entry. A tailless goldfish sits on a plate, its protruding fish eyes rotating as it chooses a taste experience that suits you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Gourmet cooking grants a sampling of life. A banquet of Xianzhou flavors is more worthy of your tongue's consideration than a showing of immersia." The goldfish makes a strange gurgling sound in its throat.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You catch the sweet smell of appetizers wafting in the private room, carrying three parts tender youth, three parts lingering spices, and four parts plant fiber that's still warm.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As you put the appetizer mixed with the past into your mouth, it soaks into your taste buds. The stimulation on the tip of your tongue overlaps with your senses. You are donned in standard armor as you take a step forward to embrace your calling as a Cloud Knight.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Punish and vanquish evil &mdash; Chase the exposed Sanctus Medicus disciple and obtain 2 random Blessing(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Fully vigilant, you raise your lance toward the demons and abominations sowing chaos in the world.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Protect peace &mdash; Help the Artisanship Commission to fix the out-of-control ingenium and obtain 2 random Curio(s) after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Fully patient, you maintain order and stability for the craftsmen on-site.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Life is Like a Vegetable (I)
|zhs  = 人生如菜（其一）
|zht  = 人生如菜（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|人生|じんせい}}は{{Rubi|料理|りょうり}}の{{Rubi|如|ごと}}く（その1）
|ko   = 인생은 채소와 같다 (1)
|es   = La vida es como la verdura (I)
|fr   = La vie est comme un légume (I)
|ru   = Жизнь как пища I
|th   = ชีวิตดั่งพืชผัก (1)
|vi   = Nhân Sinh Như Rau Cải (I)
|de   = Das Leben ist wie Gemüse (I)
|id   = Hidup Bagai Sayur (1)
|pt   = A Vida É Como um Legume (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}