<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Architect Scribe#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Preservation*3
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = If a character attacks and inflicts Freeze on an enemy target, then all allies gain a Shield equal to {{Color|h|25%}} of their respective Max HP, lasting for {{Color|h|3}} turn(s). Every enemy target Frozen during this attack will increase the obtained Shield Effect by {{Color|h|5%}} of their respective Max HP.
|mentions = The Architects
}}
'''Architect Scribe''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You catch the scent of book pages. "May the flowers in Alpani never wilt." That's your mother reciting one of Adrian's fables to you. The Architects lifted their silver shields high to defend the land, crushing the sins of the flames of Antimatter.<br /><br />But where have they gone? A flower blossoms deep in your brain, wherein you traverse the desolate city of Trodar, brave through the trenches in Sybilch, and climb the ruins of the war. In Alpani, they are in full bloom, nourished by forgetfulness.<br /><br />You pick up a blood-stained medal and record a stranger's name. The perished warriors are engraved in stones, and their shattered armor is sent back to their faraway homeland by boat. Then, you move on to the next world, following the footsteps of the Architects to uncover another legend.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Architect Scribe
|zhs  = 筑城史官
|zht  = 築城史官
|ja   = {{Rubi|建創史官|けんそうしかん}}
|ko   = 축성 사관
|es   = Escriba arquitect{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Archiviste architecte
|ru   = Писарь-Архитектор
|th   = บันทึกประวัติศาสตร์ของผู้สร้าง
|vi   = Quan Sử Học Kiến Tạo
|de   = Architektenhistoriker
|id   = Architect Scribe
|pt   = Escrivão Arquiteto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}