<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Armed Archaeologist Team#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Remembrance*3
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = After an enemy target becomes Frozen, increase the Ultimate DMG they receive by {{Color|h|60%}}. This effect will last for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s) after Freeze is dispelled.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Armed Archaeologist Team''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|How to unearth the past from the sand? The three-horned Bor Leviathians have faded into the sea formed from melted mountain ranges. The one-eyed cannibal polyps have vanished in the glow of colony ships. The scanner meticulously takes in every bone and imprint, leaving nothing behind. They build in tattered fragments, waiting for you to sort them out.<br /><br />The stones contain the records of the past, and you see a sea of flowers within the granular fruits. The Dauniets eat the fruits and scatter them to the other end of the continent during their migratory flight. Web-like towers erected on the edges of the continent evolve into golden plants that grow in the crevices of the soil. Then, the heatwave comes, followed by the algal bloom that brings the ancient cycle to an end.<br /><br />You gather the carbonized past and narrate the secrets of bygone days in the present.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Armed Archaeologist Team
|zhs  = 武装考古队
|zht  = 武裝考古隊
|ja   = {{Rubi|武装考古学|ぶそうこうこがく}}チーム
|ko   = 무장 고고학팀
|es   = Equipo de Arqueólogos Armados
|fr   = Équipe d'Archéologues armés
|ru   = Отряд Вооружённых археологов
|th   = ทีมนักโบราณคดีติดอาวุธ
|vi   = Đội Khảo Cổ Vũ Trang
|de   = Team der Bewaffneten Archäologen
|id   = Armed Archaeologist Team
|pt   = Equipe de Arqueólogos Armados
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}