<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Balloon Merchant#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*3
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = Increases the Follow-up ATK DMG dealt by characters by {{Color|h|50%}}. After launching a Follow-up ATK, there is a {{Color|h|100%}} fixed chance to recover 1 Skill Point.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Balloon Merchant''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Happiness is like balloons that rise before you and explode in the sky, showering down ribbons. People say once you have tried something fun once, you will get sick of it. You don't put forth an argument, knowing that the children will keep passing the balloons around.<br /><br />A clown locked to the stage can only entertain the audience present at the show with jokes, but you can receive applause from both ends of the universe by distributing balloons on the streets. A young man from Bathia makes funny faces while imitating your dance moves. A young lady from Ollie shares your story under a tree and covers her mouth as she giggles.<br /><br />If a fun idea is used by ten million people, it makes a great idea. You are the seller of the balloons of happiness, showing up at places in need of laughter.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Balloon Merchant
|zhs  = 气球商
|zht  = 氣球商
|ja   = {{Rubi|風船商人|ふうせんしょうにん}}
|ko   = 풍선 상인
|es   = Mercader de globos
|fr   = Marchand de ballons
|ru   = Торговец воздушными шарами
|th   = คนขายลูกโป่ง
|vi   = Người Bán Bong Bóng
|de   = Ballonhändler
|id   = Balloon Merchant
|pt   = Comerciante de Balões
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}