<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Battlefield Magician#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*3
|path2    = Preservation*2
|effect   = After characters attack, receives a Shield equal to {{Color|h|3%}} of the character's Max HP for every instance of {{Trait|Aftertaste}} DMG dealt in this attack. The Shield cannot exceed {{Color|h|36%}} of the character's Max HP and lasts for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Battlefield Magician''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Just what is truly breathtaking magic? At the climax of the Interstellar Energy War, a screen was used to conceal the fleet's main force and transport them to the flank the enemy. In this crucial moment of life and death, they and the flagship crashed into a shrinking black hole only to unleash a surprise assault on the other side. There is no room for failure with such tricks, and each deceit can only be used once. Each trick connects to the fates of tens of thousands of lives.<br /><br />This is a universe-level performance that only the most outstanding magicians may perform alongside each other. You use a screen to hide the traces of the army's advancement and misdirect the assault to elsewhere. Or, perhaps you disguise an overflowing imaginary field as debris from an explosion to fool your enemy into reducing their forces. You are a liar among liars, using the tricks you amassed over a lifetime to ensure a chance for survival for your forces.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Battlefield Magician
|zhs  = 战场魔术师
|zht  = 戰場魔術師
|ja   = {{Rubi|戦場|せんじょう}}の{{Rubi|魔術師|まじゅつし}}
|ko   = 전장 마술사
|es   = Mago de batalla
|fr   = Magicien du champ de bataille
|ru   = Боевой волшебник
|th   = นักมายากลบนสมรภูมิ
|vi   = Nhà Ảo Thuật Chiến Trường
|de   = Kampfmagier
|id   = Battlefield Magician
|pt   = Mago do Campo de Batalha
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}