<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Candy Knight#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*3
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = The {{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|60000003}} DMG dealt by characters can ignore Weakness Type and reduce {{Color|h|2.5}} Toughness from enemy targets. In a single attack, this effect can be triggered against each enemy target up to {{Color|h|7}} time(s).
|mentions = Pepeshi
}}
'''Candy Knight''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The joyful Candy Knight strides through the soda ocean, slashes the tail of the Noodle Dragon, and finally meets the Cookie Devil face to face. Then, a terrifying hand descends from the sky, capturing and throwing them all into your mouth. The Pepeshis listening to the story pout discontentedly, finding the outlandish ending meaningless.<br /><br />You distribute the remaining candies to the children, and their sulking faces immediately break into smiles. There is no point in finding meaning since everyone is Candy Knight on the table who will be eaten one day. But, before that happens, you need to wear a hundred wrappers of different flavors, enjoy bungee jumping in a gravity well, and sing in the wind of diamonds. The universe is vast and absurd beyond reckoning, and only happiness belongs to you.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Candy Knight
|zhs  = 糖果骑士
|zht  = 糖果騎士
|ja   = キャンディナイト
|ko   = 사탕 기사
|es   = Caballer{{MC|f=a|m=o}} de los dulces
|fr   = Chevalier des sucreries
|ru   = Леденцовый рыцарь
|th   = อัศวินลูกกวาด
|vi   = Kỵ Sĩ Kẹo Ngọt
|de   = Bonbon-Ritter
|id   = Candy Knight
|pt   = Cavaleiro de Doces
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}