<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Candelagraph Inspector#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Erudition*3
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = When characters use their Ultimate, for each {{Color|h|10}} Energy consumed, increases ATK by {{Color|h|4%}} and Effect Hit Rate by {{Color|h|2%}}. This effect can stack up to {{Color|h|20}} times, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). Each time an Ultimate is used, it will be considered as having consumed at least {{Color|h|80}} Energy.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Candelagraph Inspector''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|How do you discern the right or wrong of words? Through impeccable logic, concise statements, non-fluffy wordplay, and the callbacks to memoria. The realm of History Fictionology is not the only one that plays at the manipulation of history. Hidden agendas, scandals, the butchery of civilization, and forgeries &mdash; not only do they distort the past, but also alter the very present.<br /><br />The coroner of time meticulously follows the trails of fabrication. You dissect its remnants, a torrent of memoria oozing from the slices, revealing evidence under the scrutinizing lens. The detective then reaches a conclusion: The cause of death is a coup d'état, orchestrated through a deal, with semantic manipulation as the murder weapon and the preservation of Isthmian Confederation's legitimacy as the motive.<br /><br />History is intertwined, yet riddled with gaps. Through all the irrationalities, the true ending will emerge like a hidden gem.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Candelagraph Inspector
|zhs  = 烛墨校验员
|zht  = 燭墨校驗員
|ja   = {{Rubi|燭炭|しょくたん}}の{{Rubi|点検者|てんけんしゃ}}
|ko   = 캔들 점검자
|es   = Inspector candelógrafo
|fr   = Inspecteur candélagraphe
|ru   = Смотритель учения свечей
|th   = ผู้ตรวจสอบสิ่งพิมพ์
|vi   = Người Kiểm Tra Candelagraphos
|de   = Candelagraph-Kontrolleur
|id   = Candelagraph Inspector
|pt   = Inspetor de Candelgraphos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}