<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Creation Vocalist#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Elation*3
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = After characters use their Ultimate, then after their next attack, deals {{Color|h|2}} instance(s) of "{{Extra Effect|Aftertaste|60000003}}" DMG to the attacked target, with each instance equal to {{Color|h|150%}} of the character's ATK.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Creation Vocalist''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|What's the most fun thing in the universe? Listen closely. Within the black hole lies a birdcage, and the throat of a pigeon conceals poetry. What could be more intriguing than the mystery of the birth of the velvety silicon crystals? The remnants of a galactic supercluster explosion, the dust and heat swirling in cosmic winds, mingling with a scattering of serendipitous rhymes.<br /><br />You gather those silent comedies, with their natural irregularities and imperfections, and compose them into songs for the stage. You sing of a single seed germinating within the black hole, a miracle of life emerging from the moment of celestial vaporization. You sing of the sea of ice that birthed civilizations, where the currents of a shared magnetic field resonate beautifully within the frozen expanse. You lead people to watch this unfolding drama, and when the song of knowledge awakens all eyes to beauty, the universe will dance beneath the gaze of every being.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Creation Vocalist
|zhs  = 造物歌唱家
|zht  = 造物歌唱家
|ja   = {{Rubi|造物|ぞうぶつ}}シンガー
|ko   = 창조물 가수
|es   = Vocalista de la creación
|fr   = Vocaliste de la création
|ru   = Вокалист созидания
|th   = นักร้องผู้สรรค์สร้าง
|vi   = Ca Sĩ Tạo Vật
|de   = Schöpfungssänger
|id   = Creation Vocalist
|pt   = Vocalista da Criação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}