<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Departing Wanderer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = The Hunt*3
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = Increases characters' Basic ATK and Skill CRIT DMG dealt by {{Color|h|100%}}. The excess "{{Trait|Critical Boost}}" stacks will be regained at the start of the character's turn.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Departing Wanderer''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|It takes constant vigilance to stave off evil. Beneath the canopy of stars, treachery and evil lurk in every corner, while justice is limited in reach. How can a body of flesh and blood withstand the onslaught of interstellar pirates? How can a metal skeleton overthrow a crumbling interstellar empire? If we seek to cleanse the universe, we must rise beyond the confines of individuality.<br /><br />The incubator replicated infinitely "you," clad in armor, etching in memories. You march toward the infinite stars in your name. You'll arrive at the scene of Silverheart's crime, calling for reinforcements after bullets tear through you. You'll step into ravaged edge worlds, slaying huge monsters by sheer force of numbers, like a swarm of ants killing an elephant. You will die countless times. You have already died countless time. But new wanderers will always rise from the nest, and continue the hunt.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Departing Wanderer
|zhs  = 离巢浪人
|zht  = 離巢浪人
|ja   = {{Rubi|巣離|すばな}}れの{{Rubi|浮浪者|ふろうしゃ}}
|ko   = 둥지를 떠난 낭인
|es   = Caminante descarriado
|fr   = Vagabond errant
|ru   = Заблудший странник
|th   = ผู้ร่อนเร่ออกจากรัง
|vi   = Kẻ Lang Thang Lưu Lạc
|de   = Umherstreifender Wanderer
|id   = Departing Wanderer
|pt   = Andarilho Errante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}