<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Doctors of Chaos#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*3
|path2    = Abundance*2
|effect   = Increases DoT dealt by characters by {{Color|h|50%}}. When enemy targets enter battle, they become afflicted with the "Observed" state and receive Fire DoT equal to {{Color|h|300%}} of the total Max HP of all allies at the start of the turn.
|mentions = Doctors of Chaos
}}
'''Doctors of Chaos''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|"Nihility" is a relentless disease embedded within "existence," gnawing at consciousness, life, and the very fabric of the universe. The gloomy abyss consumes the bodies of self-annihilators, while the fog of self-doubt pulls civilization into black holes. How profoundly tragic THEIR being is, and how diminutive you are in comparison!<br /><br />You will mend the flaws THEY left behind, filling the hollow chambers of the human heart with jigsaw pieces of meaning. You will hold those who wander in a delicate trance, using clouds and potions to calm the world's aching void. You will catch every soul about to jump into the whirlpool and soothe every spirit fallen into annihilation. At last, you will prove the existence of the self and show that everything holds meaning.<br /><br />One day, you will stand face to face with that dark celestial body and heal the god who "exists" within this world.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Doctors of Chaos
|zhs  = 混沌医师
|zht  = 混沌醫師
|ja   = {{Rubi|混沌医師|こんとんいし}}
|ko   = 혼돈의 의사
|es   = Doctores del Caos
|fr   = Docteurs du chaos
|ru   = Доктора Хаоса
|th   = หมอแห่งความโกลาหล
|vi   = Bác Sĩ Hỗn Độn
|de   = Doktoren des Chaos
|id   = Doctors of Chaos
|pt   = Doutores do Caos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}