<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreamweaver#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Preservation*3
|path2    = Elation*2
|effect   = When a character launches Follow-up ATK, deals {{Trait|Quake}} DMG equal to {{Color|h|360%}} of the character's current Shield Effect to the attacked target(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Dreamweaver''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|With a single clap of your hands, skyscrapers spring forth, towering to shelter the world. In the blink of an eye, birds take flight amidst the winds, and flowers burst into bloom upon dead trees. You knead the beautiful dream in your palm, molding it like play dough as it starts to metamorphose effortlessly, until the waves of imagination crash upon the shore, and time halts, capturing the narrative in its most captivating frame. In this instant, startling dreams and memes are banished, while peace and tranquility hold their place forevermore. In this instant, the twelve hours shimmer in the night sky, while the vibrant festival illuminates the darkness with revelry that lasts till dawn.<br /><br />You've created a world brimming with life, which prospers in joy and safeguards the smiles within people's dreams. The stars serenade, and a soft rainfall ensues. There you stand amidst the melody, without an umbrella, basking in the ethereal violet hue of the morning glow.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dreamweaver
|zhs  = 筑梦师
|zht  = 築夢師
|ja   = ドリームメーカー
|ko   = 꿈 건축가
|es   = Soñador
|fr   = Tisserêve
|ru   = Грёзотворец
|th   = นักสร้างฝัน
|vi   = Kiến Trúc Sư Xây Mộng
|de   = Traumwerker
|id   = Dreamweaver
|pt   = Tece-Sonhos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}