<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Firesmith#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*3
|path2    = Erudition*2
|effect   = Ultimate DMG dealt by characters increases by {{Color|h|60%}}. Every 1% of HP a character loses will Charge {{Trait|Brain in a Vat}} by {{Color|h|0.5%}}.
|mentions = Firesmith Clan
}}
'''Firesmith''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The fire is quenched to forge a divine army, and lava is splashing everywhere from the Warforge. After starting a fire in the forge, you slam down the heavy hammer, using just the right amount of delicate violence to repeatedly strike amidst agony. With a greenish-blue flame, you incinerate arrogant Antimatter beings until harden and sharpen into destructive weapons for the Legion.<br /><br />The old prison is broken into pieces. Dragging the marred body, you sever the chains covering your being and infuse the skills passed down through generations into the Warforge. No knowledge in this world exists to maintain peace. The slave masters long for wars, and the warlords enjoy blood. So, they hire craftsmen to forge knives and swords. The inherent purpose of such skills is to bring the universe to destruction!<br /><br />As you lift the quenching hammer, the air of death wafts toward the entire world along with the toxic gas from the Warforge.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Firesmith
|zhs  = 火匠
|zht  = 火匠
|ja   = {{Rubi|火匠|かしょう}}
|ko   = 화장(火匠)
|es   = Forjado{{MC|f=ra|m=r}}
|fr   = Forgefeu
|ru   = Кузнец огня
|th   = ช่างแห่งเปลวเพลิง
|vi   = Thợ Rèn Lửa
|de   = Feuerschmied
|id   = Firesmith
|pt   = Artesão de Fogo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}