<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Gravedigger#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*3
|path2    = Remembrance*2
|effect   = After characters Break enemy targets, there is a {{Color|h|120%}} base chance to afflict it with Freeze, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). If this enemy target is already Frozen, then additionally deal 1 instance of Break DMG equal to {{Color|h|200%}} of the Break DMG that would have been dealt this time.
|mentions = Nanook
}}
'''Gravedigger''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The shouts of people echo through the plaza as they smash the white crystal statue and view the scholar who found the cure to the plague as a traitor. They charge into the libraries, burning all records of the past, and erasing the achievements of heroes from history. You know how to guide an annihilation. Once people have completely forgotten all of their past civilization and spat on the foundations of themselves, the withered society that remains will naturally welcome THEIR descent without needing on The Blemished One's troops.<br /><br />You dig up their graves and ridicule the foul-smelling history books. They could never compare to the fashionable charm of a spaceship or the endless fun that the Interastral Network has to offer. So, they set forth digging up their own tombs. No longer do they have a place to bury themselves when dead. Today, they forget yesterday. Tomorrow, they shall murder who they are today.<br /><br />Such a beautiful scene, strangling the life from an entire civilization with your own two hands.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Gravedigger
|zhs  = 掘墓人
|zht  = 掘墓人
|ja   = {{Rubi|墓暴|はかあば}}き
|ko   = 파묘인
|es   = Sepulturero
|fr   = Fossoyeur
|ru   = Могильщик
|th   = ผู้ขุดสุสาน
|vi   = Kẻ Đào Mộ
|de   = Totengräber
|id   = Gravedigger
|pt   = Coveiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}