<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Kolchis#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Erudition*3
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = For every 1 Skill Point consumed by a character, increases their Ultimate DMG dealt by {{Color|h|65%}}, up to a max of {{Color|h|130%}} and lasting until after using their Ultimate.
|mentions = Kolchis
}}
'''Kolchis''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You once ruled over a miraculous dynasty with history and civilization. In the face of the looming Ice Age, they were soon abandoned. You led your clansmen to disintegrate, to have your bodies regress, and to revert to the primitive algal form before hiding in the humid underground royal tomb. Survival trumped all, even if it meant losing form, consciousness, and ability to speak. As long as one could survive &mdash; even the lowest and most humiliating change should be allowed.<br /><br />A turning point soon came when extraterrestrial visitors found your traces. As they pronounce "this is delicious," they carry you from the subterranean place to different places in the universe on their tongues, esophagi, and stomachs. Spores are scattered across new worlds. The lost wisdom is reawakened in the rivers and forests. You cheer, beginning an invasion without violence.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Kolchis
|zhs  = 科尔奇人
|zht  = 科爾奇人
|ja   = コルキス{{Rubi|人|じん}}
|ko   = 콜치인
|es   = Kolchian{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Kolchis
|ru   = Колчи
|th   = ชาว Kolchis
|vi   = Kolchis
|de   = Kolchis
|id   = Kolchis
|pt   = Kolchis
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}