<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Night Watch#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*3
|path2    = Preservation*2
|effect   = When the enemy target enters battle, they are inflicted with the Bleed effect. While Bleeding, they will take Physical DoT equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of their Max HP at the start of their turn. This DMG cannot exceed {{Color|h|650%}} of all allies' total Shield Effect.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Night Watch''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|When Wintersweet-II turned into a black hole due to gravitational collapse, drawing numerous onlookers, you suddenly had the urge to open the protective barrier of the sightseeing ship and take a leap toward the event horizon of intertwining light and darkness. Death is always tempting &mdash; it is like a carnivorous plant with the brightest colors in the forest that lures the lost insects yet cut off their path.<br /><br />Where should life lead? You have no clue, but you are certain death is not the answer. You listen to each sorrowful tale, seeing them seep into the crevices in the cosmos, making the hopeless journey seem insurmountable. Even so, you still yearn to be a guardian at the edge of the black hole. You want to stop the children who intend to plunge into nihility and tell them, "The future lies in the other direction."}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Night Watch
|zhs  = 守夜人
|zht  = 守夜人
|ja   = ナイトウォッチ
|ko   = 밤의 파수꾼
|es   = Guardia nocturn{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Garde de nuit
|ru   = Ночная стража
|th   = ผู้พิทักษ์ยามวิกาล
|vi   = Người Gác Đêm
|de   = Nachtwache
|id   = Night Watch
|pt   = Vigia Noturno
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}