<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pacifist Worker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Propagation*3
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = Every time characters consume Skill Points or have Skill Points overflow, there is a {{Color|h|150%}} base chance to inflict a random debuff on random enemy targets, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s). The random debuffs include: Decrease DMG dealt by {{Color|h|15%}}, decrease Effect RES by {{Color|h|20%}}, or decrease Effect Hit Rate by {{Color|h|30%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Pacifist Worker''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|One mistake, a mutation over countless transfers of genetic information, has allowed the Sting within its egg case to obtain what is, in a sense, a perfect body. You secrete mucus, anchor your body to the reef, and casually filter the sand in the waters around you. As the sunlight penetrates the water's surface, it activates your dormant cells and they provide your body with endless energy. You are left with no need for nutrition and no need to move.<br /><br />Your offspring litter the ocean floor, but they pose no harm to the ecology. A passing jawfish gouges up a nearby shell in its teeth, but you remain unmoved, only casually enjoying the positivity offered by a completely self-sustaining existence. An armored mollusk nibbles half of your body away, but you remain unmoved. Your body will grow back slowly, and all you need to do is enjoy the sunshine.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pacifist Worker
|zhs  = 无争蠧役
|zht  = 無爭蠧役
|ja   = {{Rubi|平和|へいわ}}を{{Rubi|望|のぞ}}む{{Rubi|虫卒|ちゅうそつ}}
|ko   = 평화주의 곤충 병사
|es   = Obrero pacifista
|fr   = Employé pacifiste
|ru   = Мирный работник
|th   = แมลงรักสงบ
|vi   = Kẻ Phục Dịch Không Tranh Đoạt
|de   = Drohne des Friedens
|id   = Pacifist Worker
|pt   = Trabalhador Pacifista
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}