<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Peculiar Physician#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Abundance*3
|path2    = Elation*2
|effect   = Increases maximum limit of "{{Trait|Dewdrop}}" by {{Color|h|50%}}. After characters launch Follow-up ATKs, restores HP equal to {{Color|h|10%}} of Max HP to the character with the lowest current HP percentage.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Peculiar Physician''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|It is often said that only through living can we truly experience joy. Cheeks are the fertile soil for smiles, toes are the tickles of the waves, and arms are the warmth of an embrace. A smile is both the cost of healing and the reward of life itself.<br /><br />You coil the branches, crafting a heart from the joy of unrestrained drinking, one that eternally slurps at fresh blood. You seek out skin and flesh, nurturing the palm that will surely applaud when the final curtain falls. The prosthetics of the incapacitated always dance to the rhythm of the music, while the throats of the voiceless twist into sneers at the presumptuous words of politicians. In the places where you have healed, laughter erupts uncontrollably &mdash; arms, hearts, skin, and even cells reveling in laughter. In the end, even the faces of the terrified cannot help but break into smiles.<br /><br />You have journeyed across a thousand stars to bring equal joy to life.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Peculiar Physician
|zhs  = 奇谈怪医
|zht  = 奇談怪醫
|ja   = {{Rubi|奇談怪医|きだんいし}}
|ko   = 기이한 의사
|es   = Sanación peculiar
|fr   = Médecin étrange
|ru   = Любопытный лекарь
|th   = หมอสุดพิศวง
|vi   = Chuyện Về Bác Sĩ Kỳ Dị
|de   = Merkwürdiger Mediziner
|id   = Peculiar Physician
|pt   = Médico Peculiar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}