<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Phantom Larva#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Propagation*3
|path2    = Preservation*2
|effect   = Increases Basic ATK and Skill DMG dealt by characters by {{Color|h|60%}}. When "{{Extra Effect|Spores|60000017}}" burst, the DMG dealt increases by {{Color|h|100%}} of the total Collective Shield effect.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Phantom Larva''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Hunger gnaws at you, and tremors ripple through your neural ganglia. As you prepare to abandon your hiding place in the asteroid belt and pounce on the prey ahead, a surge of higher-authority signaling abruptly overtakes your primal urge. Frustrated, you rub your mouthpiece against the rock, saliva eroding small craters into its surface. Then you begin to hyperventilate, and the light source in your abdomen, a beacon to lure your prey, begins to glow ominously.<br /><br />Lethal injuries rain down upon you &mdash; your wings sublimated, chelicerae shattered on impact. In a desperate bid for survival, you flee deeper into the asteroid belt, where more and more prey are lured in. You know that death awaits you, a brutal dissection into countless pieces. Yet, you also know that your kin lurking in the shadows are no longer concerned by exuding heat. The prey hunting you is about to plummet to the bottom of the food chain.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Phantom Larva
|zhs  = 幻螟残嗣
|zht  = 幻螟殘嗣
|ja   = {{Rubi|幻螟|げんめい}}の{{Rubi|遺児|いじ}}
|ko   = 잔존하는 허상의 자손
|es   = Vestigios de fantasmas
|fr   = Larve spectrale
|ru   = Призрачный след
|th   = เศษซากแมลงลวง
|vi   = Tàn Dư Ma Ảo
|de   = Überreste des Phantoms
|id   = Phantom Larva
|pt   = Remanescente Fantasma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}