<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Planetary Purifier#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Preservation*3
|path2    = Abundance*2
|effect   = Increases the Shield Effect gained by characters by {{Color|h|30%}}. After losing the Shield, restores HP equal to {{Color|h|25%}} of their Max HP.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Planetary Purifier''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|On Natural Day No. 10,238, the Kuvida Nebula's pollution has yet to clear. You sit atop the glass mountain. Before the leaked energy melted and evaporated, this was once the corner of a desert. Your modified body creaks and hums as you slowly adjust its readings. It then begins to absorb the remaining radioactive particles from the air and organize them into blazing, colorful crystals.<br /><br />On Natural Day No. 27,349, the pollution of the third planet of the Kuvida Nebula has still yet to clear. You planted a seed that has still yet to bloom. They mock you, saying that your efforts are pointless and that your home planet is now no more than a giant graveyard, doomed to never see life again. You turn the soil and apply a potion that accelerates the decay process. You walk every inch of this land in silence until the day that life returns to this planet.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Planetary Purifier
|zhs  = 行星净化工
|zht  = 行星淨化工
|ja   = {{Rubi|惑星清掃員|わくせいせいそういん}}
|ko   = 행성 정화공
|es   = Purificador planetario
|fr   = Purificateur planétaire
|ru   = Планетарный очиститель
|th   = ผู้ชำระล้างดวงดาว
|vi   = Người Thanh Tẩy Hành Tinh
|de   = Planetensäuberer
|id   = Planetary Purifier
|pt   = Purificador Planetário
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}