<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Purifier#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Remembrance*3
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = When enemy target's current HP is greater than {{Color|h|60%}} of Max HP, their duration of being Frozen increases by 1 turn. DMG received by Frozen enemy targets increases by {{Color|h|30%}}.
|mentions = Antimatter Legion; Yaoshi
}}
'''Purifier''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|A child, stunned by the sight of the Antimatter Legion's battle, loses his mind forever. An old man, enchanted by the miracles of Yaoshi, sets out on a relentless quest for immortality. Consciousness births pain, and memory begets sorrow. If there is anything that gives rise to the suffering of reality, it is the tainted past of sapient minds.<br /><br />You erase the memory of happiness, so that no one may ever feel the sting of pain. You shatter the memory of prosperity, so that decay is never known again. Passing by planet after planet steeped in sorrow, you silence their cries. You obliterate the disappointed yesterdays, so that they may become weightless. The second-purest thing in this world is the newborn child, untouched by knowledge. But the first are the stones by the river, for they exist beyond the reach of cognition.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Purifier
|zhs  = 洁净者
|zht  = 潔淨者
|ja   = {{Rubi|浄化者|じょうかしゃ}}
|ko   = 정화자
|es   = Purificador
|fr   = Purificateur
|ru   = Очиститель
|th   = ผู้ชะล้าง
|vi   = Người Làm Sạch
|de   = Reinigender
|id   = Purifier
|pt   = Purificador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}