<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pyromaniac#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Destruction*3
|path2    = Abundance*2
|effect   = Each stack of {{Extra Effect|Grit|60000005}} increases the character's Max HP by {{Color|h|6%}}, but Maximum Restorable HP will be reduced to {{Color|h|80%}} of the additional Max HP.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Pyromaniac''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Fleets belonging to neither side of the battle charge to the frontline, ravaging the stars violently with unstoppable violence. The increase of entropy is inevitable, so you are willing to hasten the foreseeable annihilation. After the fire devours the forest, all things come to life from the ashes. If an ossified tree does not decay, the new shoots under the shade can hardly grow.<br /><br />If you extinguish the stars, they will bury the hatchet, or they won't be able to survive in the cold and silence of the eternal night. If you conjure up a tsunami, they will break through the circular pull of gravity, seeking momentary respite. The inertia in their genes hampers the advancement of civilization, and a comfortable life will drown them in a well with depleted resources. The only way to cure this stubborn ailment is destruction.<br /><br />The great savior lights a fire in the forest, THEIR form resembling a demon.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pyromaniac
|zhs  = 纵火士
|zht  = 縱火士
|ja   = {{Rubi|放火士|ほうかし}}
|ko   = 방화사
|es   = Piróman{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Pyromane
|ru   = Пироман
|th   = ผู้จุดเพลิงบรรลัย
|vi   = Kẻ Cuồng Phóng Hỏa
|de   = Pyromane
|id   = Pyromaniac
|pt   = Piromaníaco
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}