<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Rescuer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*3
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = When enemy targets take Toughness-Reducing DMG during an attack, they have a {{Color|h|100%}} base chance of being afflicted with Burn and receiving Fire DMG equal to {{Color|h|120%}} {{Extra Effect|base DMG|61000500}} at the start of their turn for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Rescuer''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You see that your every move is being predicted with flawless precision. You understand that everything you do is no more than a fixed trajectory. The silhouette of Nihility envelops you. You may struggle or accept it, but they will all eventually annihilate in a pre-written storybook.<br /><br />Will you accept this? All you have to do is forget, and spend the rest of your life in uncaring bliss. No! You must fight back! You must raise a battle cry! You must raise the flag of rebellion against this tragic universe and save the people from the prewritten conclusion. Massacre. Destruction. You point the mouth of the cannon at the ones you love the most. No hesitation. No suffering. Just close your eyes for a second and you can help them escape this world where life is worse than death. However, you must still bear the torture of staying alive, as there are many more that wait for Destruction's salvation.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Rescuer
|zhs  = 救难者
|zht  = 救難者
|ja   = {{Rubi|救助者|きゅうじょしゃ}}
|ko   = 구조자
|es   = Salvador
|fr   = Sauveur
|ru   = Спасатель
|th   = ผู้กอบกู้
|vi   = Người Cứu Nạn
|de   = Retter
|id   = Rescuer
|pt   = Livrador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}