<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Scholar of Candles#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Remembrance*3
|path2    = Preservation*2
|effect   = Increases Character's CRIT DMG by {{Color|h|50%}}. When a character takes fatal DMG, their HP will become 1, and they will obtain a Shield equal to {{Color|h|100%}} of their Max HP before entering a Freeze state that cannot be dispelled, lasting for {{Color|h|1}} turn(s). While in this state, their HP cannot be restored, and the team can trigger this effect {{Color|h|3}} time(s) at most. Before the triggers are completely consumed, increase characters' CRIT DMG by {{Color|h|50%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Scholar of Candles''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|In the cramped library, you slowly leaf through the book, but the pages have been devoured by worms. The million defenders of the Battle of Yolanda happen to be ravaged by the bookworms. In that case, how could they withstand the onslaught of the True Sting? Furiously, you turn to the next chapter and find, much to your chagrin, that Nevado's death is falsely written. The chapter claims that he is still alive, and he is merely hiding in the shadows of a small asteroid belt.<br /><br />That is outright absurd! You've decided to fix these memories, filling up the gaps by seeking the truth in the sepia past. Then, you will cut away the twisted and fabricated chapters to set the records straight. Finally, you mend the wounds of the tattered book and wait until the bleeding stops before you smooth the pages and put it back in the library and archives.<br /><br />You are the repairman of history who fills in the missing holes and purges the tainted past.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Scholar of Candles
|zhs  = 烛墨学者
|zht  = 燭墨學者
|ja   = {{Rubi|燭炭学者|しょくたんがくしゃ}}
|ko   = 캔들 학자
|es   = Erudit{{MC|f=a|m=o}} candelógraf{{MC|f=a|m=o}}
|fr   = Érudit à la chandelle
|ru   = Учёный свечей
|th   = นักวิชาการแห่งลำเทียน
|vi   = Học Giả Candelagraphos
|de   = Candelagraphos
|id   = Scholar of Candles
|pt   = Acadêmico de Velas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}