<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sin Thirster#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Nihility*3
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = Characters' DoT can cause CRIT Hit. When dealing DoT, CRIT DMG cannot exceed {{Color|h|100%}}.
|mentions = Sin Thirster
}}
'''Sin Thirster''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|When they send you the target's information, they only watch you from afar and dread to come closer. Hailed as a moving dagger, you are assigned to eliminate enemies efficiently with no sense of self. You suppress your presence, avoiding the sight of both humans and machines. You complete the assignment swiftly, as it is a walk in the park for you. You try to recall the target's expression &mdash; shock and fear. A vicious assassin might find pleasure in this, but you see your own end within.<br /><br />Once all enemies have been eradicated, the assassin will no longer be needed. You should not have chosen this path from the beginning. Under Freya's ensanguined suppression, no one has lent you a helping hand, and the fallen detective has never given you a choice. When your employer's servants knock on your door, you get up as usual and head toward the exit to accept the fact that you are already dead.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sin Thirster
|zhs  = 血罪灵
|zht  = 血罪靈
|ja   = {{Rubi|血罪霊|けつざいれい}}
|ko   = 혈죄령
|es   = Espíritu de Venganza
|fr   = Adorateur de péchés
|ru   = Жаждущий кары
|th   = วิญญาณกระหายบาป
|vi   = Huyết Tội Linh Hồn
|de   = Sündendurstiger
|id   = Sin Thirster
|pt   = Sedento por Pecado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}