<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Star-Picker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Erudition*3
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = When characters use Ultimate, gains {{Color|h|3}} stack(s) of {{Extra Effect|Grit|60000005}} and increases SPD by {{Color|h|25%}} and ATK by {{Color|h|20%}}, lasting for {{Color|h|2}} turn(s).
|mentions = 
}}
'''Star-Picker''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You need to create a special laboratory with thirteen sources of gravity, organized by mass. Through repeated pressurization and stretching, a singularity will be created in the subspace and the riddle of the changing properties of compressed Imaginary energy will be solved according to data collected from the core.<br /><br />As you pluck the star of Mahaka, you see that its mass is fixed precisely at the median. Now, countless billions of inhabitants will freeze in eternal night. You strip the great black hole of Taranon, which continues to devour stars along the way as you drag it behind you. This nearly-expired black hole is an irreplaceable catalyst for your experiment. Finally, you lock on to the planet before you as a negligible wave of cries pours out from its body. Fortunately, they all fall silent very soon.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Star-Picker
|zhs  = 摘星客
|zht  = 摘星客
|ja   = {{Rubi|星摘|ほしつ}}み{{Rubi|人|びと}}
|ko   = 별을 따는 사람
|es   = Buscaestrellas
|fr   = Collecteur d'étoiles
|ru   = Собиратель звёзд
|th   = ผู้คัดเลือกดวงดาว
|vi   = Khách Hái Sao Trời
|de   = Sternpicker
|id   = Star-Picker
|pt   = Coletor de Estrelas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}