<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Starcrusher Worker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Propagation*3
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = The characters' Basic ATK DMG increases by {{Color|h|80%}}. When a character uses a Basic ATK and their HP percentage is larger than or equal to {{Color|h|50%}}, consumes HP equal to {{Color|h|5%}} of their Max HP and additionally recovers 1 Skill Point.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Starcrusher Worker''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Does an unceasing urge to destroy everything in sight exist? Although all enemies have been eradicated, yet the anger surging within the metabolic cavity as you wriggle your body still have nowhere to be released. However, the carapace of the food has already ruptured, meaning it can no longer resist. The body capable of spewing flames is brutally torn apart for your offspring to feast on. The star has long fallen, becoming prey in the collapsing gravitational field, and you still remember how delicious it was.<br /><br />Death! Please bring about more deaths! The call from the Starcrusher Swarm King rumbles in your exposed brain matter. You see a new world, complete and beautiful, with its atmosphere uncorrupted by insect venom. Living beings are waiting to be disintegrated by the death ray. You spread your wings and set off to the next feast with your companions.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Starcrusher Worker
|zhs  = 碎星蠧役
|zht  = 碎星蠧役
|ja   = {{Rubi|星|ほし}}を{{Rubi|砕|くだ}}く{{Rubi|虫卒|ちゅうそつ}}
|ko   = 쇄성의 곤충 병사
|es   = Obrer{{MC|f=a|m=o}} trituraestrellas
|fr   = Ravageur d'étoiles
|ru   = Разрушающий звёзды работник
|th   = แมลงหายนะเสี้ยวดารา
|vi   = Kẻ Phục Dịch Ánh Sao Vụn Vỡ
|de   = Drohne des Sternenbrechers
|id   = Starcrusher Worker
|pt   = Trabalhador Esmaga-Estrelas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}