<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Symbiote#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Abundance*3
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = Increases character's HP restoration by {{Color|h|35%}}. After providing healing to allies, there is a {{Color|h|50%}} fixed chance to recover 1 Skill Point. This effect can trigger 1 time per character action.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Symbiote''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|Another newborn breaks free from its cocoon. You can feel an itch and a gnawing pain under your skin. It nibbles away the subcutaneous tissue that gets in its way. The mixture of its gel-like secretions and the pus from the wounds solidifies on the inner walls of the nest, becoming the breeding ground of an immortal corpus.<br /><br />It wriggles slowly to shift its body to another direction. Just like countless of its peers, it pierces through the final layer of skin and worms its way out of its host. When you stroke it, feeling pleased for its birth, the milky-white larva lifts its head, bites your fingertip instinctively, and swallows the flesh and blood you feed it.<br /><br />What a familial feeling of pain! The soul snatch bees that fill your body numb your nerves with their venom, and their collective biting resembles an elegant concerto. You let out a maniacal laugh to celebrate your wonderful immortality.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Symbiote
|zhs  = 共生体
|zht  = 共生體
|ja   = {{Rubi|共生体|きょうせいたい}}
|ko   = 공생체
|es   = Simbionte
|fr   = Organisme symbiotique
|ru   = Симбионт
|th   = ผนึกร่าง
|vi   = Thể Cộng Sinh
|de   = Symbiose
|id   = Symbiote
|pt   = Simbionte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}