<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tomb Keeper#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Preservation*3
|path2    = Nihility*2
|effect   = Characters' Effect RES increases by {{Color|h|25%}} and "{{Trait|Quake}}" DMG dealt increases by {{Color|h|50%}}. When resisting the inflicted debuffs, deals "{{Trait|Quake}}" DMG equal to {{Color|h|400%}} of the current Shield Effect to the target. This DMG cannot defeat the enemy target.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Tomb Keeper''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|A cluster of silver frigates glides through the infinite darkness, their holographic cabins illuminated by the pale earth beneath your feet. That place contains a collection of defunct computers, and cities long paralyzed lie smothered in moss and grass. You have no idea what secrets are buried beneath the rubble, only that it remains your duty to guard it.<br /><br />The rebels of the clan depart in foul words, venturing into the vast expanse of interstellar space. You yearn to leave as well, but the accusing eyes of your kin weigh heavily on you. You cannot betray your education, your family, or the primitive logic etched into your brain chip. Instead, you relinquish your physical form, merging your cerebral neurons with the fleet, just as the kindred who created you once did.<br /><br />You will guard the dead city for eternity, yet you no longer question for whom you protect this tomb.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tomb Keeper
|zhs  = 守陵人
|zht  = 守陵人
|ja   = {{Rubi|墓守|はかもり}}
|ko   = 묘지기
|es   = Guardián de tumbas
|fr   = Gardien des tombes
|ru   = Хранитель гробницы
|th   = ผู้พิทักษ์สุสาน
|vi   = Người Giữ Lăng
|de   = Hüter des Mausoleums
|id   = Tomb Keeper
|pt   = Coveiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}