<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tree of Discard#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Abundance*3
|path2    = Propagation*2
|effect   = Increases characters' Outgoing Healing by {{Color|h|30%}}. After providing healing to an allied target, inflicts {{Color|h|2}} {{Trait|Spores|Spore(s)}} to a random enemy target.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Tree of Discard''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|The leaves climb upward, eclipsing the sky and bathing in the light of the stars. As the branches are weighed down by gravity, a beam of sunlight descends through the gap onto the new sprouts below, allowing them to stretch out their bodies. As the excess nutrients are passed through the filtering vines to the entangled roots below, you accept their mood in relief. They want to grow even taller, all the way up close to the sun.<br /><br />The new shoots take root within your body to absorb even more vitality. As your branches wither and yellow and your leaves decompose, they provide the new life with fresh nutrients. How much taller does it have to grow? Your trunk is filled with intricate root systems. Within your corpse, they will rise even higher and climb to the star before them. Then, these roots will ensnare that ball of flame and swallow it.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tree of Discard
|zhs  = 负子树
|zht  = 負子樹
|ja   = {{Rubi|子守樹|こもりじゅ}}
|ko   = 자식을 업은 나무
|es   = Árbol del abandono
|fr   = Arbre du débarras
|ru   = Древо отказа
|th   = ต้นไม้เชิงลบ
|vi   = Cây Vứt Bỏ
|de   = Baum des Verderbens
|id   = Tree of Discard
|pt   = Árvore do Descarte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}