<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Unsinkable#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Preservation*3
|path2    = Destruction*2
|effect   = The Shield Effect a character receives increases by {{Color|h|20%}}, for every 1% of HP that is different between the character's Max HP and current HP, the Shield Effect additionally increases by {{Color|h|0.8%}}.
|mentions = 
}}
'''Unsinkable''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equatoins|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You had a beautiful dream in which you and your friends raised your glasses under three suns, toasting to the great peace! The dome hovering in the sky envelops the planet, shielding it from intense light and heat. It is the masterpiece you designed, and you witness with your own eyes how it crumbles at daybreak.<br /><br />Collapse, screams, bursts of gamma rays from the supernova. Your eyes, hands, and every single cell in your body wail in agony. The villains set the atmosphere on fire, reducing the tower that has stood for 290 Amber Eras to ashes. Deadly microbes are dancing on the ice crystals of Ring of Smya, and you vow to make them suffer tenfold.<br /><br />You sketch the outline of the colossal ship that has ignited the galaxy. The bombs incinerate all viciousness under the night sky. Before everything you cherish turns to ruins, you inflict the necessary devastation upon the enemy.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Unsinkable
|zhs  = 不沉巨舰
|zht  = 不沉巨艦
|ja   = {{Rubi|沈|しず}}まぬ{{Rubi|巨艦|きょかん}}
|ko   = 가라앉지 않는 거함
|es   = Nave insumergible
|fr   = Insubmersible
|ru   = Непотопляемый
|th   = เรือที่ไม่มีวันจม
|vi   = Tàu Không Chìm
|de   = Unsinkbares Schiff
|id   = Unsinkable
|pt   = Inafundável
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}