<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wingweaver#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Removed|Equation}}
{{Equation Infobox
|period   = The Human Comedy
|rarity   = 1
|path1    = Abundance*3
|path2    = The Hunt*2
|effect   = When an enemy target is defeated, increase the Charging Efficiency of "{{Extra Effect|Dewdrop|60000013}}" by {{Color|h|20%}} up to a maximum of {{Color|h|4}} stack(s). Also restores HP for all allies equal to {{Color|h|50%}} of their respective Max HP.
|mentions = Wingweaver
}}
'''Wingweaver''' was a 1-star [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy/Equations|Equation]] in [[Divergent Universe: The Human Comedy]].

==Story==
{{Description|You enjoy flying in the sky, with your great wings flapping in the wind. Bullets from enemies once pierced through your wings, but they quickly recovered with the THEIR mark. The winged messenger seeks shelter in enormous trees, sending the mortal weak ones to the cloud kingdom and bringing miracles of Abundance to the suffering human world.<br /><br />When you swoop down from the "branches," you are surrounded by a furor of air exploding, filled with the Residents of Dirt's scream. Those humble creatures should bow to you instead of putting up foolish resistance. You seize your prey and drag him into the clouds, relishing in the thrill as he wiggles in fear. He should thank you for enslaving him. The screams wane over the distance until he is reduced to paste.<br /><br />You are the Cloudlords that dictate the fate of mortal beings on the ground.}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wingweaver
|zhs  = 造翼者
|zht  = 造翼者
|ja   = {{Rubi|造翼者|ぞうよくしゃ}}
|ko   = 날개를 짜는 자
|es   = Tejealas
|fr   = Texalitis
|ru   = Вьюнокрылый
|th   = ปีกเนรมิต
|vi   = Thợ Dệt Cánh
|de   = Flügelschwinger
|id   = Wingweaver
|pt   = Tece-Asa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}