<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Kremnos, Cleanse Thy Rusted Blood (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1040110
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Kremnos, Cleanse Thy Rusted Blood (II).png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Heroic Saga of Flame-Chase
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Kremnos, Cleanse Thy Rusted Blood (II)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Castorice; Dan Heng; Mem; Mydei; Phainon; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = A Witch's Scientific Repose
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,200; Stellar Jade*150; Shadow of Remembrance*1; Lost Crystal*12; Celestial Ambrosia*240; Undying Glory (Disk)*1 { text = ''Undying Glory'' }; Credit*160,000
}}
'''''Kremnos, Cleanse Thy Rusted Blood (II)''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Heroic Saga of Flame-Chase]].

==Steps==
# Time for a decisive battle with Nikador!
# Return to the private bath chamber and rest

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Time for a decisive battle with Nikador!{{subst:void|<!--104011008-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location="Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos|The battle with Nikador ends with the Chrysos Heirs' victory. We return to Okhema to rest and recover. Together, we will witness the return of the Titan's Coreflame and the start of the Coreflame's trial.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{tx}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Master&mdash;
::&mdash;Now.
::No longer must one wield a sword...
::From here on, the world shall no longer know "strife."
;(Cutscene ends)
----
----
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 104.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' It's finally over.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 105.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}}'s Coreflame...
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 castorice 103.ogg}} '''Castorice:''' Time passes quickly. It's been a long time since the last Titan fell...
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 castorice 104.ogg}} '''Castorice:''' Now that the {{Rubi|Lance of Fury|Strife Titan}} is no more, we Chrysos Heirs are one step closer to the genesis as foretold in the prophecy.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mydeimos 104.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' The silence here is stifling... This city feels so unfamiliar now that its Titan is gone.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 106.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' You've exchanged thousands of blows with them... Your ears are probably just not used to this peace and quiet.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mydeimos 105.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...Hmph. What's next?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 castorice 105.ogg}} '''Castorice:''' I have an agreement with the Titan... The Chrysos Heirs will take away their Coreflame and use it to start a bright blaze that'll illuminate our path onward.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 107.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' You... spoke with {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}}?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They were protecting the world from something.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mydeimos 106.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' What did they say? Please, I need to know...
::There was something out there that sent them into madness.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There was something out there that sent them into madness.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mydeimos 107.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Something out there? Please, I need to know what it is...
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 castorice 106.ogg}} '''Castorice:''' Not now, Lord Mydei. I'll tell you everything once we return to Okhema.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the private bath chamber and rest{{subst:void|<!--104011001-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{tx}}
----
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 102.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' It's so peaceful, as if nothing even happened.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're protected by two demigods, after all.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are others carrying the burden for them.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 103.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The people of Amphoreus must have extraordinary spirits to be able to enjoy their lives even in such troubled times.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 124.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' ...They have Aglaea and Tribbie to thank for that. It is because of their protection that the citizens are able to enjoy peace.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 125.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Where did Mydei go?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 104.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' He was exhausted, so he already went back to rest.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 126.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Our victory might not have been possible without your help. I'm sure you've heard enough words of gratitude, but it's only right that I&mdash;
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 127.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' ...Right, it would be the first time I thanked you. So, thank you for your help, uh... Miss Mem?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's next for us?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 128.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Aglaea will gather us at the Vortex of Genesis this time tomorrow, where we'll perform a ritual to surrender the Coreflame.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 129.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' She only mentioned the Chrysos Heirs, but if I invite you two... I'm sure she'll welcome your presence.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 105.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Is there anything we should know about this ritual?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 130.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' From what Aglaea said, no one can predict what's going to happen, because each Titan's divine authority is unique. That's why I hope both of you can be there tomorrow. It'll bolster my confidence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aww, Phainon buddy, we've got your back.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 131.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Hahaha, that's settled then.
::Oh, we charge a fee for appearances!
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 132.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Uh, that can be on Aglaea's tab. She's also known as the Goldweaver. Doesn't that name alone sound wealthy?
::Sure, as long as we don't oversleep.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, we charge a fee for appearances!
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 132.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Uh, that can be on Aglaea's tab. She's also known as the Goldweaver. Doesn't that name alone sound wealthy?
::Sure, as long as we don't oversleep.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure, as long as we don't oversleep.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 133.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' Hahaha, I'll be sure to send someone to wake you up then.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 phainon 134.ogg}} '''Phainon:''' The night's all yours, but get some rest before tomorrow's ritual. I should also take this time to sort out my thoughts... I'll see you soon, my friends.
:You and Dan Heng watch Phainon leave the bath...
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 106 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Did you pick up on that, (Trailblazer)? He seems troubled.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, I did.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pick up on what?
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 107.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' You should start observing people's body language and their microexpressions. You can learn a lot from them.
::How can you tell?
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 108.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' From his body language and... microexpressions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can you tell?
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 108.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' From his body language and... microexpressions.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 109.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I guess it's understandable, seeing how he's about to experience something extraordinary. The Titans may only be the local gods of Amphoreus, but a mortal ascending to something else altogether... sounds like a lot to take in.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We have a lot to think about too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} About time we consider ourselves, too.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 110.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...You're right. So much happened in so short a time that we haven't had the time to consider our own predicament.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 111.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Our car's scrap, we've lost contact with the Crew, and everything beyond the sky is taboo here...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm gonna lose my login streak.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 112.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' It's a pity we can't send March a message, so she can help you finish your dailies.
::Should've brought games we could play offline...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Should've brought games we could play offline...
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 113.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...I do have some old-timey games with me, but I doubt you'd be interested.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 danheng 114.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Once Phainon's ascension ritual is over, we should start working out these problems of ours.
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:Exhaustion envelops you... At this moment, no god of Amphoreus could pull your gaze away from this lounge chair.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 104.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Aww, are you sleepy? I can see your eyelids growing heavy~
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 105.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Go to sleep then, if you're tired. Snoozy snooze... But isn't it always daytime in this city? How do you fall asleep like this...?
:Wait... Something seems off...
:...Did you notice?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 106.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Eep! I'll get embarrassed if you keep staring at me like that.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 107.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Are there... knots in my fur? Is it my ears? No, they seem fine. Look, I can even flap them!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...You can say more than single words now!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow, so you can speak in full sentences!
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 108.ogg}} '''Mem:''' ...Hmm? You're right! I am speaking in full sentences now!
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 109.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Wowie! It feels amazing being able to speak fluently! But... why do I speak in such a proper, un-cutesy manner now? I mean, referring to myself in standard first person and all.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe it gives you more personality.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 110.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Personality...? Hmph, you're always saying things I don't understand!
::Why aren't your words enunciated?
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 111.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Right!? You noticed too? Hmph, no fair!
::Ew, phooey!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why aren't your words enunciated?
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 111.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Right!? You noticed too? Hmph, no fair!
::Ew, phooey!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ew, phooey!
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 112.ogg}} '''Mem:''' I didn't ask to be like this! No judging!
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 113.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Hmph, never mind, since I'm the forgiving type. Besides, now that I'm a bit more used to it... I don't sound as bad?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait, who are you really?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, can you tell me about yourself now?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 114.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Huh... I don't remember a thing about myself. Ugh, my head hurts.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 115.ogg}} '''Mem:''' I have a gut feeling, though! As long as we continue to collect the fragments of memories scattered across Amphoreus, we'll be rewarded with something really, really good.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 116.ogg}} '''Mem:''' How should I put it... Bah, anyway! I just know that this world is very important to me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry to burst your bubble, but I'm the protagonist here.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 117.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Then I'll be the protagonist's bestest sidekick, heehee! So give me more screen time, alright?
::So, once again, it's all down to one {{MC|m=guy|f=gal}} and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} dog.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 118.ogg}} '''Mem:''' I'm not a dog! Or a pet! I am...
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 119.ogg}} '''Mem:''' ...Uh, what am I? A&mdash;Anyhow, I'm an important character for sure!
::We're an ensemble cast.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, once again, it's all down to one {{MC|m=guy|f=gal}} and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} dog.
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 118.ogg}} '''Mem:''' I'm not a dog! Or a pet! I am...
::{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 119.ogg}} '''Mem:''' ...Uh, what am I? A&mdash;Anyhow, I'm an important character for sure!
::We're an ensemble cast.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're an ensemble cast.
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 120.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Then I'll be the protagonist's bestest sidekick, heehee! So give me more screen time, alright?
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 121.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Hnngh... I think I'm getting sleepy. The light feels so nice and warm. Even my fur's toasty warm. I can fall asleep any...
:{{A|VO chapter4 9 mem 122.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Zzz... Zzz...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll take a break too...
:I'll take a break too...
:{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; TarotBook_SignFinish)


:{{DIcon|undefined}} Return to dream



:{{DIcon|undefined}} Return to dream



:{{DIcon|undefined}} Return to dream



:{{DIcon|undefined}} Return to dream


;(Unused &mdash; TarotBook_Exit)

----
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Kremnos, Cleanse Thy Rusted Blood (II)
|zhs  = 悬锋啊，请涤去你的血锈•下
|zht  = 懸鋒啊，請滌去你的血鏽•下
|ja   = クレムノスよ、錆びた血を拭え・下
|ko   = 크렘노스여, 그대의 녹슨 피를 씻어내라•하
|es   = Kremnos, limpia tu sangre oxidada&nbsp;II
|fr   = Acrokopis, purifie ton sacrifice (II)
|ru   = О Кремнос, смой ржавчину крови II
|th   = Kremnos เอ๋ย จงชะล้างโลหิตสนิมของตน (II)
|vi   = Kremnos, Xin Hãy Gột Rửa Gỉ Máu Của Ngươi (II)
|de   = O Kremnos, bereinige dein rostiges Blut (Teil 2)
|id   = Kremnos, Bersihkan Darahmu yang Berkarat 2
|pt   = Kremnos, Purifica Teu Sangue Enferrujado (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
