<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Night Veil, Shroud the Silent Past#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1040107
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Night Veil, Shroud the Silent Past.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Heroic Saga of Flame-Chase
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = (Trailblazer)?; Kafka; Mem; Oronyx; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Memorealm Express]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Memorealm Express
|prev          = 
|next          = Kremnos, Cleanse Thy Rusted Blood (I)
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*1,000; Stellar Jade*130; Traveler's Guide*8; Refined Aether*8; Victory In a Blink*1 { text = Victory In a Blink }; Celestial Ambrosia*200; Credit*100,000
}}
'''''Night Veil, Shroud the Silent Past''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Heroic Saga of Flame-Chase]].

==Steps==
# Investigate the first "Non-Existent Memory"
# Investigate the second "Non-Existent Memory"
# Head to the Parlor Car
# Speak with the Stellaron Hunters in the Non-Existent Memory
# Assist the Stellaron Hunters
# Choose a Stellaron Hunter in the memory to bid goodbye

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Investigate the first "Non-Existent Memory"{{subst:void|<!--104010701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Memorealm Express|According to (Trailblazer), Oronyx showed {{MC|f=her|m=him}} the Stellaron Hunters... It was a memory that should not exist, yet it seems so vivid and realistic.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 109 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 109 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Is that... me?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 110 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' There's also Himeko and Dan Heng... What memory is this?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the second "Non-Existent Memory"{{subst:void|<!--104010703-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Listen)
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 kafka 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 kafka 101 f.ogg}} '''Kafka:''' Do you have any dietary restrictions, (Trailblazer)?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 118 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 118 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer)?:''' I'll eat anything.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 kafka 102.ogg}} '''Kafka:''' You really aren't picky about food.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
	"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
		"IsLocalPlayer": true,
		"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
		"AreaName": {
			"Value": "LevelArea_P40402_F40402002_G4"
		},
		"AnchorName": {
			"Value": "Anchor2"
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40402_F40402002_G4",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor1",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"CustomCurveName": "BlendCut11"
	}
}</pre>
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 119 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 119 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Another set of nonexistent memories... This time, Sam's also here.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 120 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 120 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Getting to know myself from a different perspective... feels a little strange.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40402_F40402002_G4",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor1",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Custom",
		"CustomCurveName": "BlendCut11",
		"BlendTime": 2
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Parlor Car{{subst:void|<!--104010713-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Memorealm Express

:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 121 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (It's the first time that the Express has felt so unfamiliar...)
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 122 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 122 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I want to take a look in the Parlor Car...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the Stellaron Hunters in the Non-Existent Memory{{subst:void|<!--104010704-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assist the Stellaron Hunters{{subst:void|<!--104010709-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TransitEnvProfile",
	"Path": {
		"Value": "Stages/Outputs/Chapter00/EnviroProfile/Chap00_INT_Train_01.enviroProfile.asset"
	}
}</pre>
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 player 125 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 player 125 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' I don't understand... What's the point of all of this?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 137.ogg}} '''???:''' Happiness... sealed away...
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 138.ogg}} '''???:''' Mother... Are you still there?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 139.ogg}} '''???:''' Are you watching?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Titan?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Oronyx?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I can understand what you're saying now?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 140.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' Memories flowing in reverse... Pounding.
:{{tx}}
----
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Sky father... are you watching?
::...Mem?
;(Cutscene ends)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TransitEnvProfile",
	"Path": {
		"Value": "Stages/Outputs/Chapter00/EnviroProfile/Chap00_INT_Train_01_Varient1.enviroProfile.asset"
	}
}</pre>
----
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 110.ogg}} '''???:''' ...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What just happened!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did I unlock a new Path just like that!?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 111.ogg}} '''???:''' You are? I am... Who?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 112.ogg}} '''???:''' Gaze, watching. Outside, cold.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 113.ogg}} '''???:''' You... warm. Me like, warmth.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All of this does not make sense...
::All of this does not make sense...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can anyone explain this to me?
::Can anyone explain this to me?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 114.ogg}} '''???:''' Confusion... Same. Answer, unknown.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 142.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' I've finally found it... Precious memory. At long last... I've caught THEIR gaze.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 143 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 143 f.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' Accompany {{MC|m=him,|f=her,}} {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Mem}}...
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 144 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 144 f.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} will make the memories of this world complete once again... {{MC|m=He|f=She}} will find... Mother...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is your name "Mem"?
:::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 115.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Name? Mine? Don't remember.
:::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 116.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mem... Address. Temporarily.
:::Who is... Mother?
:::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 117.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mother? Who? Don't remember.
:::Is your name "Mem"?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is... Mother?
:::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 117.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mother? Who? Don't remember.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is your name "Mem"?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 118.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Name? Mine? Don't remember.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 119.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mem... Address. For now.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 120.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Travel, like. With you, together?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 121.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Memory... collected. Piece together, complete.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nikador's weakness...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Can you help us find it?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 122.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Ador... Nik? Titan?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 123.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Need, memories. Help... I can.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then come with me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} As long as you're able to help.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 145.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' Shadow in the memory...
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 146.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' They... are your companions?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, they are my companions.
:::Yes, they are my companions.
:::I also can't say for sure...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I also can't say for sure...
:::I also can't say for sure...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, they are enemies.
:::No, they are enemies.
:::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 124.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Bad people. Troublesome. Help, needed.
:::{{tx}}
::No, they are enemies.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 124.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Bad people. Troublesome. Help, needed.
::{{tx}}
:Can anyone explain this to me?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 114.ogg}} '''???:''' Confusion... Same. Answer, unknown.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 142.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' I've finally found it... Precious memory. At long last... I've caught THEIR gaze.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 143 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 143 f.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' Accompany {{MC|m=him,|f=her,}} {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Mem}}...
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 144 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 144 f.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} will make the memories of this world complete once again... {{MC|m=He|f=She}} will find... Mother...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is your name "Mem"?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 115.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Name? Mine? Don't remember.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 116.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mem... Address. Temporarily.
::Who is... Mother?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 117.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mother? Who? Don't remember.
::Is your name "Mem"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is... Mother?
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 117.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mother? Who? Don't remember.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is your name "Mem"?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 118.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Name? Mine? Don't remember.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 119.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mem... Address. For now.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 120.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Travel, like. With you, together?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 121.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Memory... collected. Piece together, complete.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nikador's weakness...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Can you help us find it?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 122.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Ador... Nik? Titan?
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 123.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Need, memories. Help... I can.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then come with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As long as you're able to help.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 145.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' Shadow in the memory...
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 olonyx 146.ogg}} '''Oronyx:''' They... are your companions?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, they are my companions.
::Yes, they are my companions.
::I also can't say for sure...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I also can't say for sure...
::I also can't say for sure...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, they are enemies.
::No, they are enemies.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 124.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Bad people. Troublesome. Help, needed.
::{{tx}}
:No, they are enemies.
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 124.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Bad people. Troublesome. Help, needed.
:{{tx}}
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Memorealm Express|update|In this nonexistent memory, (Trailblazer) actually received a glance from Fuli, the Aeon of Remembrance. A marvelous creature appeared next to {{MC|f=her|m=him}}, perhaps a gift from Oronyx. (Trailblazer) seems a little... despondent, but thankfully {{MC|f=she|m=he}} quickly regained composure.}}
:{{tx}}
:<!--1-second delay-->
;(Enter battle)
::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
----
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 127.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Victory, victory!
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 128.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Mighty, companions!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Stellaron Hunters... disappeared.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 129.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Disappear, temporarily.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to leave this place.
::{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 131.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Leave... It's, time.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Firefly...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kafka...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait...
:{{A|VO chapter4 7 mem 133.ogg}} '''Mem:''' Farewell. Time, there is.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Choose a Stellaron Hunter in the memory to bid goodbye{{subst:void|<!--104010712-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Firefly)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' There is very little time left to stay in this memory... Do you want to leave the chance of bidding goodbye to Firefly?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bid Firefly goodbye.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Need time to think about it.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 22
}</pre>

;(Talk to Kafka)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' There is very little time left to stay in this memory... Do you want to leave the chance of bidding goodbye to Kafka?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bid Kafka goodbye.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Need time to think about it.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 11
}</pre>

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Night Veil, Shroud the Silent Past
|zhs  = 夜帷啊，轻遮那静默过往
|zht  = 夜帷啊，輕遮那靜默過往
|ja   = 夜の帷よ、静かな過去を遮れ
|ko   = 밤의 장막이여, 침묵의 과거를 가려라
|es   = Velo de la noche, envuelve el silencioso pasado
|fr   = Voile de la nuit, cache le passé endormi
|ru   = О занавес ночи, скрой безмолвное прошлое
|th   = ม่านราตรีเอ๋ย จงปกคลุมอดีตแสนสงัด
|vi   = Màn Đêm, Nhẹ Nhàng Che Đi Quá Khứ Tĩnh Lặng
|de   = O Vorhang der Nacht, verschleiere die stille Vergangenheit
|id   = Tirai Malam, Menyelubungi Masa Lalu yang Sunyi
|pt   = Véu Noturno, Encubra o Passado Silencioso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
