{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Jim Hulk and Jim Hall
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Jim Hulk and Jim Hall''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are in a sprawling wasteland, and your vision is obscured by abandoned containers. Thick smoke permeates the air, and scrapped robots are dismantled into broken parts. The words "IPC" are printed on their torsos as their heads rest next to their feet, no longer sentient.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A rustling comes from the pile of trash behind you. You sense someone's eyes on you. As you turn around, you notice a robot hiding behind a box.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You approach the robot and find that it is incapacitated with its cables snapped.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "We were hailed as the Amber Lord's Support Team. Taravan Keane created us, used us, and ultimately abandoned us." The robot shows you the items it is trying its best to keep safe.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Jim Hulk stopped functioning 371,029 seconds ago. Jim Hall is about to stop functioning in 74,158 seconds and can no longer keep my brother's items. Please help me. Bring one of these out of here."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Preserve Jim Hulk's remains.|Obtain Curio: Tonic of Efficacious Chaos. Receive 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).}}
::;(Obtain 1 random Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Tonic of Efficacious Chaos|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Tonic_of_Efficacious_Chaos}})
::;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Pay the price... Continue its operation.|All characters lose HP equal to 20% of their current HP, and obtain 2 random Blessing of Abundance.}}
:;(All allies lose 20% of their current HP)
::;(Obtain a random 1-3 star Blessing of Abundance)
::;(Obtain a random 1-3 star Blessing of Abundance)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Jim Hulk's collection. &mdash; Obtain a 1-2 star Blessing.
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Walk away. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 杰姆·哈克与杰姆·哈尔
|zht   = 傑姆•哈克與傑姆•哈爾
|ja    = ジェム・ハックとジェム・ハウル
|ko    = 짐•헐크와 짐•할
|es    = Jim Hulk y Jim Hall
|fr    = Jim Hulk et Jim Hall
|ru    = Джим Халк и Джим Холл
|th    = Jim Hulk และ Jim Hall
|vi    = Jim Hulk Và Jim Hall
|de    = Jim Hulk und Jim Hall
|id    = Jim Hulk dan Jim Hall
|pt    = Jim Hulk e Jim Hall
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
