{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Let's Exchange Gifts
|image         = Random Event Trade.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Let's Exchange Gifts''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Express of the Nameless makes a stop at Budley with an abundance of gifts in its rear carriage. A traveler wearing a felt hat is leaning against the front of the carriage. His clothes are tattered and his boots mud-stained.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' He approaches and waves at you. "Akivili had an adventure with us under the guise of a civilian. We exchanged a lot of fun experiences during the journey."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Exchange your memories.|Discard a 3-star Blessing and obtain three random 2-star Blessings.}}
:;(Discard a 3-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Throw out your story! Then loot the "Fun Experiences" from the car.|Discard 1 Blessing of The Hunt and Enhance up to 4 random Blessing(s) of The Hunt.}}
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing of The Hunt)
:;(Enhance 4 random 1-3 star Blessings of The Hunt)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Blessing Reforge &mdash; Discard a 3-star Blessing, and obtain a 3-star Blessing.
:;(Discard a 3-star Blessing in exchange for a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Blessing Exchange &mdash; Discard a 1-2 star Blessing, and obtain a 1-3 star Blessing.
:;(Discard a 1-3 star Blessing in exchange for a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave &mdash; You're not interested.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Let's Exchange Gifts
|zhs  = 来交换礼物吧
|zht  = 來交換禮物吧
|ja   = プレゼントを{{Rubi|交換|こうかん}}しようよ
|ko   = 선물 교환하자
|es   = ¡Intercambiemos regalos!
|fr   = Échange de cadeaux
|ru   = Обмен подарками
|th   = มาแลกของขวัญกันเถอะ
|vi   = Đến Đổi Quà Nào
|de   = Gabentausch
|id   = Ayo Tukaran Hadiah
|pt   = Vamos Trocar Presentes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
