<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/???#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 108
|image     = NPC ??? Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = ???
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===My dearest outworlder friend,...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''???:''' My dearest outworlder friend, I am the esteemed Vidyadhara High Elder. I was wounded by abominations and have been in dormancy for a thousand years. I only awakened very recently and plan to restore the glory of the Vidyadhara lineage. Unfortunately, I have lost all worldly possessions, and currently find myself in financial shortfall. So, I was hoping you could lend me 50,000 credits. Once I return to the Xianzhou, I'll pay you back tenfold and even let you choose anything you desire from our precious Vidyadhara treasures.
:{Choice} Which High Elder are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' There are so many High Elders on the Xianzhou. Who exactly are you? Tell me your name, and maybe it's someone I know.
::'''???:''' Well, I'd rather not reveal my identity to avoid drawing unwanted attention. After all, I'm not on the Xianzhou.
::{Choice} Come on! Just tell me if you need money!
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Come on, why be a stranger? Just tell me if you need money! We're best buddies, aren't we?
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why using a sockpuppet? Just log in to your main account, and we can talk.
:::'''???:''' But this is my main account.
::{Choice} Don't worry. I'll ask you in person.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're not on the Xianzhou? Wait a sec. I think I know who you are. Hang on. I'm coming to say hi
:::'''???:''' ???
:{Choice} 50,000 credits won't be enough.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Come on, what are you even thinking? Do you really believe 50,000 credits would be enough to socialize with the right people to restore glory for the entire Vidyadhara race!?
::'''???:''' ???
::'''???:''' Huh?
}}
----

===If you really want...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''???:''' If you really want to help, transfer 50,000 credits first.
:{Choice} [Transfer] 50,000 credits.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' {{Color|fire|[Pending Receipt]}} 50,000 Credits
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Transfer failed.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Transfer cancelled.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ?
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}