<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/???#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 35
|image     = NPC ??? Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = ???
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===That's WAY TOO MUCH!!!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''???:''' That's WAY TOO MUCH!!!
:'''???:''' Are you for real?
:{Choice} Who are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who are you? How did you get my number?
:{Choice} Are you the tea seller?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Could you be the tea-selling foxian lady Daiqing?
:'''???:''' Sorry, I overreacted. You were scammed. The Foxian Beauty Daiqing account is a cyber fraud, and I'm that account's alt...
:'''???:''' I didn't think you would send that much money over. My conscience can't handle it. I wanna return the money to you
:'''???:''' Plus, you wouldn't want to lose that much money, right?
:{Choice} So let's meet
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sure, I'd like to meet up
:{Choice} I think you're scared
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Your conscience? I don't think so. I think you're scared. The amount involved exceeded your expectation, right?
::'''???:''' You're not wrong, but u wouldn't want to be scammed either. So I'll return your money. Win-win
:{Choice} It's just a tiny amount
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's just a tiny amount of money, don't worry about it
::'''???:''' Easy for you to say, but ur money hasn't actually been credited into my acct, and it's now being flagged 4 investigation by the IPC safe credit agency
::'''???:''' I don't understand rich dudes like you. You're so rich. Why don't you go and buy some real tea leaves?
:'''???:''' I'm regretting everything. I'll return all the money 2 u
:'''???:''' Save this account in ur contacts as Qingster. I'll contact u when you're at Cloudford.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}