<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/???#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 65
|image     = NPC ??? Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = ???
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Ace Cycrane Catcher/(Trailblazer)), were...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''???:''' (Ace Cycrane Catcher/(Trailblazer)), were you the one who found all the cycranes?
:{Choice} That's me
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's me. I'm the one
:{Choice} You got the wrong person
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You got the wrong person. I dunno anything abt (Ace Cycrane Catcher/(Trailblazer))
::'''???:''' Don't worry, I didn't. I checked Heron Express' backend data
::'''???:''' However, you can continue to pretend you're not (Ace Cycrane Catcher/(Trailblazer))
::'''???:''' Just pretend I'm texting myself
:'''???:''' I'm the one who implemented the sentience program in the cycranes
:'''???:''' I received a parcel. The sender is... probably you. But from the content of the mail, it might be written by Heron Express themselves
:'''???:''' Sorry for causing trouble
:{Choice} Why
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why did you make the cycranes sentient?
:{Choice} You refused to make contact
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's because of your reluctance to contact them that they asked me to contact you
::'''???:''' ...That's cuz they wanted to visit, that or meet somewhere
::'''???:''' I haven't been out of my home for centuries
:'''???:''' You ask me why I make the cycranes sentient... maybe you focused on the wrong thing
:'''???:''' I have been a homebody for centuries and haven't talked face-to-face with anyone the entire time
:'''???:''' I thought it's too hard to talk to people, but I keep seeing these cycranes daily
:'''???:''' So I thought, maybe I can start talking to these cycranes, and move on to talking with people in the future
:{Choice} The point is to converse
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So the sentience is not the point. The point is to have a conversation
:{Choice} So, you are a recluse
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, you are a recluse who suddenly wants to speak with someone, which is why you did it
:'''???:''' That's right. Having sentient cycranes with different personalities is all to mimic real-life conversations
:'''???:''' I can do my job online, receive my salary online, and there are parcel and food delivery services. I just have to take out the trash regularly, and I don't even need to meet anybody
:'''???:''' Honestly, not having to meet anybody makes me feel safe
:{Choice} You still can't leave your house
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, are you still unable to meet people face-to-face or go outside?
::'''???:''' Yes
::'''???:''' I thought I could talk to cycranes, but I guess I overestimated myself. I'm too nervous
:{Choice} Centuries? Seem exaggerated
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Not meeting people for centuries. Unbelievable
::'''???:''' Reaaly? I didn't really realize it had been so long
::'''???:''' I didn't just do nothing for the past few centuries. I started trying to talk to cycranes
:'''???:''' ...I've had some really traumatic experiences in the past. It's just too much for me
:'''???:''' But it's not like I'm trying to swear off communication altogether. My texts are pretty normal, isn't it
:'''???:''' Hahahaha
:'''???:''' Sorry, this might not be funny
:{Choice} Live the best you can
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Everyone has their own challenges to overcome. Even if you can't leave your home right now, you can still live the best you can
::'''???:''' Thank you, I will do my best
::'''???:''' I'm setting a goal. I will strive to "speak with cycranes"
::'''???:''' I may need some more time. Maybe I will finally be able to head out in a few centuries?
:{Choice} Messaging is good enough
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't force yourself. It's good enough that you are messaging people
::'''???:''' Thank you. You really know how to comfort people
::'''???:''' I've been careful not to overdo it. Wanting to practice how to converse is something I've been working on
::'''???:''' And speaking with cycranes is my current goal
:'''???:''' I will apologize to Heron Express
:'''???:''' Also, I've sent you some gifts. I didn't know your address, so I sent them all to Ziqiao
:'''???:''' Thank you
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}