<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Arfey#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 158
|image     = NPC Arfey Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Arfey
|signature = 
|faction   = Penacony
}}

==Mission-Specific==
==={{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager, are you back yet?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Arfey:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager, are you back yet?
:'''Arfey:''' I can't hold it in any longer.
:{Choice} ?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What happened?
:{Choice} I'm not back yet
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why don't you tell me what's happening first?
:'''Arfey:''' Well, here's what happened.
:'''Arfey:''' The band ran into a few problems during practice.
:'''Arfey:''' Rappa's training methods are... very atypical.
:{Choice} That's not what I heard
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Wait
:'''(Trailblazer):''' She said that training was going well in the group chat
:'''Arfey:''' Well, maybe this is "going well" from her perspective.
:'''Arfey:''' But...
:'''Arfey:''' I'll keep observing for now. Sorry to bother.
}}
----

==={{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager.===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Arfey:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager.
:'''Arfey:''' When you're looking for inspiration for your music, can you bring me along?
:{Choice} ???
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Aren't you quitting the band?
:{Choice} What's with the change of heart?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Of course
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's just that you're starting to feel a little distant
:{Choice} Remember to bundle up
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That place is freaking cold
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Bring more clothes
:'''Arfey:''' *sigh* Rappa has constantly emphasized to me that working together with you will be rewarding.
:'''Arfey:''' If it's just assessing music, it should be okay.
:'''Arfey:''' We'll talk when we meet.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}