<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Billboard Investigator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 141
|image     = NPC Billboard Investigator Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Billboard Investigator
|signature = 
|faction   = Penacony
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Friend, the case is closed.===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Friend, the case is closed.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Go on.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Love to hear it.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' The Ruff Tape was the killer, not the victim.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' He lured the boss with the excuse of giving him the evidence and killed him.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' With the loud music, the witnesses all assumed the tape was the victim.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Of course, aside from the sounds they play, all the tapes in Penacony look the same.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Finally, he put his boss's tape inside himself, stealing the other's sound and identity before fleeing the scene.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' The key clue was that the tape inside his body had been fixed before.
:{Choice} What about the boss' secret?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Even in the end, I have no clue what his boss had on him.
::'''Billboard Investigator:''' Ah, don't think about that stuff.
:{Choice} That's one vicious tape.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' They're supposed to be cassette tapes. How could they be so cruel?
::'''Billboard Investigator:''' That's why we're needed.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' It was all thanks to your help this time, otherwise the truth would've been lost forever.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Looking forward to working with you again in the future.
}}
----

===Sorry, I didn't find...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Sorry, I didn't find the killer in the end.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' There just weren't enough clues at the scene. I plan to investigate the victim's whereabouts leading up to their deaths.
:{Choice} I'll wait for your good news.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' When you crack the case, call me first so we can celebrate together.
::'''Billboard Investigator:''' Alright, it's a deal, then.
:{Choice} Stay safe.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The criminal is a vicious one. Be careful when conducting your investigation.
::'''Billboard Investigator:''' I will. Thanks for the concern.
}}
----

===Thanks for the advice, friend.===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Thanks for the advice, friend.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Never experienced a lightness and joy like this in my life.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What happened? Did I miss an episode?
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' It's only after what you said that I realized you were right. I really don't have the talent to be a detective.
:{Choice} What are you saying?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What are you trying to say?
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' I'm done with this detective stuff, friend.
:'''Billboard Investigator:''' Farewell, I'm going on vacation at the Blue Hour.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ???
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}