<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Chengjie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 54
|image     = NPC Chengjie Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Chengjie
|signature = Dreamchaser
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Hi, (Trailblazer). I got...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Chengjie:''' Hi, (Trailblazer). I got your contact details from Miss Qingque
:'''Chengjie:''' I'm trying to decipher my master's plans. By the Reignbow, I feel like I'm overflowing with inspiration!
:'''Chengjie:''' I want to talk to someone about my ideas. Do you have the time?
:{Choice} I won't understand it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I won't be able to understand what you say...
::'''Chengjie:''' Hehehe, I just want someone to chat with. Just treat it as listening to a new friend's rants.
::{Choice} I charge a lot!
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' I charge a lot for counseling!
::{Choice} The user you have messaged is currently unavailable
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' The user you have messaged is currently unavailable
:{Choice} Have you tried Qingque?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Have you talked to Qingque about your inspirations?
::'''Chengjie:''' I have. She said she's too busy and doesn't have time, and asked me to find you
::{Choice} Qingque "being busy"
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Qingque and "being busy" are like fire and ice
:::'''Chengjie:''' What does that mean? Is that some new proverb?
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Fire and ice are so unrelated, they're practically incompatible
::{Choice} I'm very busy too
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Um, I actually don't have time either
:::'''Chengjie:''' But Miss Qingque said you're in Xianzhou as a tourist, and must have plenty of free time. She also said the secret faction you belong to loves to help people. Why else would you help the general and save us at the Artisanship Commission?
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' What did I do to offend Qingque?
:'''Chengjie:''' Please, I'm begging you, (Trailblazer)
:'''Chengjie:''' I really need someone to supervise me. I'll definitely pay you for it!
;{Accepted Mission: A Teacher and a Friend: Interlude}
}}
----

===Ahhh, (Trailblazer), I want...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Chengjie:''' Ahhh, (Trailblazer), I want to talk to you about something...
:'''Chengjie:''' I feel like I'm losing motivation.
:{Choice} You're finished with the skiff?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is your starskiff design almost done?
::'''Chengjie:''' No. There's a lot more to go
::'''Chengjie:''' Ahhh, but whenever I think about how much work still needs to be done, I feel it'd be ages before I fulfill my master's dream
::'''Chengjie:''' I'm so useless. I still can't practice on my own after more than a century...
:{Choice} I'm like your supervisor
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Honestly, it feels like I'm supervising your work
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What kind of invention needs an external supervisor?
::'''Chengjie:''' Sorry. I'm so useless. I still can't practice on my own after more than a century...
:'''Chengjie:''' Say, (Trailblazer), can you come and scold me face-to-face?
:'''Chengjie:''' The "cheer up" emotes Miss Qingque sends just aren't enough. They're not hitting the right spot...
:'''Chengjie:''' If you can scold me really hard &mdash; make me feel shame and motivation from the depths of my soul &mdash; then I can finish my master's work!
:{Choice} Never heard of a request like that...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You've got weird preferences. I've never heard of a request like that
::'''Chengjie:''' Please! Master Ryan used to scold me to cheer me up, too. His scolding always managed to kick me back into action!
::'''Chengjie:''' ...For just one day, though
:{Choice} Would just a few angry words be enough?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If a few angry words are enough to motivate people into fulfilling their dreams, then the universe would be full of accomplished daydreams by now
::'''Chengjie:''' You don't think that'd be enough? Then, maybe apply an appropriate amount of corporal punishment, too?
::'''Chengjie:''' I heard from Master Gongshu that you used only a stick to beat back the monsters. Maybe you can do the same to me... but you'd need to control your strength.
;{Accepted Mission: A Teacher and a Friend: Interlude}
}}
----

===I'm sorry. I was...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Chengjie:''' I'm sorry. I was the one who begged you to start all this, but now I'm also the one thinking of quitting...
:{Choice} What a waste of my time...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I finally understand why you still can't practice on your own after two hundred years in the Artisanship Commission
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's my mistake to waste time on someone like you
::'''Chengjie:''' ...I'm sorry, (Trailblazer)
:{Choice} Please keep up...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't be sorry. It's always difficult to accomplish anything of value
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Giving up is something that's happening in this universe every second... the people who bear the pain and see things to completion are the most amazing of us all
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Thank you, (Trailblazer), for your enduring patience.
:{Choice} Take a step back. Don't push yourself
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You really don't need to push yourself like this
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What would completing one skiff accomplish? I understand it might mean something special to you, but if we step back...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Everything humans do is meaningless. Give it a few more centuries, and who is going to remember the shame and hard work of a single apprentice in the Artisanship Commission?
::'''Chengjie:''' ...I
::'''Chengjie:''' ...I will remember those things
:'''Chengjie:''' I will finish the remaining work. Please come and see it when I'm done... just wait for my good news
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), do you still...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Chengjie:''' (Trailblazer), do you still remember when we watched the starskiffs go to and fro at Starskiff Haven?
:'''Chengjie:''' Back then, I thought I could rely on my momentary impulsiveness to complete the starskiff design. "An average apprentice fulfilled his dead master's wishes" ...Wouldn't that be a good story?
:{Choice} But it didn't work out
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If that's how it turned out, then it'd be a good story. But it didn't work out
:{Choice} That's too idealistic
::'''(Trailblazer):''' How can an average apprentice fulfill their master's wishes so easily? That's too idealistic
::'''Chengjie:''' Yeah...
:'''Chengjie:''' Oh right, you've helped me so much, and I haven't thanked you properly yet
:'''Chengjie:''' Could you please come to Starskiff Haven? I'll wait for you on the bridge where we watched starskiffs together
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}