<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Clock Studios Customer Service#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 146
|image     = NPC Clock Studios Customer Service Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Clock Studios Customer Service
|signature = 
|faction   = Penacony
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Dear visitor, according to...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Dear visitor, according to the Bloodhound Family, Clock Studios Theme Park is currently undergoing a security check, so the main gate is temporarily closed.
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' However, to satisfy our customers, we will continue providing the amusement program, "''Clockie's Extras'' Filming Experience," where you can enjoy fun games and learn about the creation of the animations ''Hamster Ball Knight'' and ''Brother Hanu''.
:{Choice} Didn't you just say the park is closed?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Didn't you just say the park is closed?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why can we still participate in the program?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' As you may be aware, Clock Studios was not founded by The Family.
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' We will operate based on our Chairman, the Watchmaker's, philosophy. We won't compromise our own interests for The Family.
:{Choice} Why are you recommending this program?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why do you recommend this?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it because the other programs aren't fun enough?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Because this is our flagship program and has been the highest-rated one at the park for years.
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' But of course, there are other reasons, but let's not get into that right now.
:{Choice} I'd like to try something else.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm not interested.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I want to play something else.
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' You are free to choose, of course. However, please be aware that if you encounter an accident in another program, Clock Studios Theme Park will not be held responsible.
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' For your information, you can create your own animation in this program, and if your work is good enough, it might even get officially released in theaters!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' As a reminder to you, the ownership and intellectual property rights of the animation you produce using Clock Studios' facilities, along with related rights and interests, belong to Clock Studios. Clock Studios has the right to retain and dispose of the content, and any revenue generated from the content will belong to Clock Studios.
:{Choice} Why do these terms sound so weird...?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' These terms sound weird.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is this some kind of scam?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Please don't worry. These are merely measures for copyright protection.
:{Choice} Trying to make me work for free?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, everything I create belongs to you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is this idea to help your animation team slack off?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Sorry for the confusion. While we are delighted to share our animations with guests, we need to protect our studio's intellectual property.
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' If your animation gets officially released in theaters, you'll get a 1.5-second shout-out in the credits.
:{Choice} I don't understand a word.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Too long. Didn't understand a thing.
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Sorry, but compared to copyright protection terms elsewhere in the universe, like those of Interastral Peace Entertainment, our terms are already quite concise and clear. Their interactive projects often require tens of thousands of words to be displayed before playing.
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' If you are interested, please find a yellow-haired Pepeshi employee at the park entrance, and he will guide you through the program.
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Please remember the password for Dreamville. "Hmhm! Charrrrrrge!"
:{Choice} Wuh?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ?
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Your friend "Clock Studios Customer Service" is offline.
;{Accepted Mission: Zero-Pay Director}
}}
----

===Dear valued guest, we've...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Dear valued guest, we've been informed that you've completed a significant portion of the film production experience here at Clock Studios. We sincerely appreciate your support!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' If you wish to continue experiencing the filming of animations, you can go to Sequel Mode any time
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Have gun!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Sorry for the typo, have fun!
}}
----

===Dear valued guest, congratulations...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Dear valued guest, congratulations on achieving excellent results in the Clockie's Extras filming experience!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' The film you previously shot received rave reviews in major theaters, bringing considerable profits to the Clockie Crew
:{Choice} You're welcome
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're welcome
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I make good film not for glory
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' You're too noble!
:{Choice} Where's my cut?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Considerable profits, you say?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Where's my cut?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Sorry, according to the terms of service of the park, you are not entitled to any related earnings.
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Haven't you received plenty of little gifts from us already?
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Back to the topic, thanks to your meticulously crafted creation, our attractions have been attracting more attention than ever!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Now, Clock Studios has fully upgraded this project
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' We have more varied shooting techniques, richer story content, and more thrilling action sequences waiting for you to experience!
:{Choice} A new game?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' A new game?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Hah! It'll be more exciting than games! We can teach you to be a great director~
:{Choice} Got bored
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I got bored
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are there others?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Let's give it a try, I promise it's completely different from what it was before!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' If you're interested, come take a look. The Studio's filming equipment is available for you to use anytime!
;{Accepted Mission: Zero-Pay Director (Continued)}
}}
----

===Dear valued guest, I...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Dear valued guest, I saw the film that you shot. It was splendid!
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Thanks to you, we were able to deliver the samples to the investors on time. You truly are the savior of the Clockie crew!
:{Choice} That's right, I am!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's right, I am indeed the savior!
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Thank you so much!
:{Choice} Of course, you made me work for free!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, am I just being your unpaid labor!?
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' My good {{MC|m=sir|f=miss}}, did you just drop me a message? The signal here is getting a bit weak, I didn't receive anything
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Anyways, after watching your film, the investors decided to increase the project's budget. You can expect to experience more exciting films here in the future!
:{Choice} Great!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Great! I'll play hard
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Haha, you'll love it
:{Choice} Making me work for free again?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Making me work for free again
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Give an inch and they'll take a mile
::'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' Oh no, no, it's really not unpaid work, you'll love it
:'''Clock Studios Customer Service:''' I won't take much more of your time. Keep it up, my future auteur!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}