<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Cyrene#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 200
|image     = NPC Cyrene Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Cyrene
|signature = Eternity lives in every moment
|faction   = Amphoreus
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Searching for signal...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Searching for signal...
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Signal connection unstable
:'''Cyrene:''' Hey there! Miss me?
:{Choice} Yeah, kinda. Come back soon!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yeah, kinda. Where are you
:{Choice} Don't be silly!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't be silly, we're not saying goodbye forever!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Where are you? When will you come back?
:{Choice} Where are you hiding?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Our mission is complete
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Where are you hiding? When will you come back?
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Message failed to send.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The user you're trying to reach is currently out of the service area. Please try again later.
:'''Cyrene:''' Looking for little old me? Bet you're wondering where I've disappeared to, huh?
:'''Cyrene:''' Well, the trick is... a little bit of magic~
:'''Cyrene:''' I worked some fairy magic to leave this message in Aedes Elysiae before taking off
:'''Cyrene:''' I won't be back for a bit, and I'd hate for you to feel all alone without me~
:'''Cyrene:''' But don't worry! Our memories are still here, scattered all around Aedes Elysiae
:'''Cyrene:''' Oh! And I left you a letter too. Go check the Sacrament Courtyard!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}