<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Dahao#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 42
|image     = NPC Dahao Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Dahao
|signature = Walk slower, don't leave your soul behind.
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), is this your...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dahao:''' (Trailblazer), is this your number? I am Official Dahao from the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery.<br />As you are aware, there's been some... minor issues on the Luofu recently. Anyways, I was hoping you could help me with something
:{Choice} But I'm not from Xianzhou
::'''(Trailblazer):''' But I'm not from Xianzhou. I shouldn't interfere with official business
::'''Dahao:''' That's even better!
:{Choice} Could I actually manage to help you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm just an Outworlder. I might not be able to help...
::'''Dahao:''' That's even better!
:{Choice} I'm busy
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm busy
::'''Dahao:''' Really?
::'''Dahao:''' Sorry. You might have misunderstood. I meant if you can take some time out of your busy schedule to help us, the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery would be very grateful and will provide appropriate rewards
:'''Dahao:''' Please don't spread the following information.<br />After the incident, the general and the master diviner drew up a list, and want the Sky-Faring Commission and us to check all the people who traveled at certain times to certain locations. They suspect someone smuggled "contraband" onto the Luofu...
:'''Dahao:''' The Commissions checked everything against the records and didn't find anyone suspicious, so we're here to ask your assistance...
:{Choice} You think I'm suspicious?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You think I'm suspicious?
::'''Dahao:''' No, that's not what I mean
:{Choice} How do I fit in here?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Um... Okay? So what do you want me to do?
:'''Dahao:''' The Xianzhou Alliance is not a part of the Interastral Peace Corporation's commercial sphere and does not share much information with the IPC. For one, we are not linked with their law enforcement system... If a criminal wanted by the IPC sneaked onto a Xianzhou ship, we would have no means of immediately detecting them
:'''Dahao:''' It takes time and effort to send a formal request to the IPC to check, so the general advised us to seek help from the Astral Express Crew to filter the list for any suspicious persons
:'''Dahao:''' If you can, please bring a few companions with you to help us go through the data.
;{Accepted Mission: A Knight Stranger}
}}
----

===Hello (Trailblazer), my apologies...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dahao:''' Hello (Trailblazer), my apologies for the disturbance. I have something else requiring your assistance
:{Choice} Something the matter?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it?
:'''Dahao:''' Remember the time you defeated the Mara-struck at the plaza and heroically saved the Dragon Lady?
:{Choice} I remember.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's true. It was nothing, really
:{Choice} I can't quite remember
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I can't quite remember. Is there a problem? Or... are you planning to reward citizens who do good deeds?
::'''Dahao:''' No no no, don't worry. We haven't forgotten your good deeds
::'''Dahao:''' As for the Dragon Lady, I have a request, so I'd like to meet up with you to talk about it
:{Choice} Dragon lady?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Dragon Lady who?
::'''Dahao:''' Looks like you've done so many good deeds, you've forgotten about it
::'''Dahao:''' But honestly, no one who has seen the Dragon Lady would forget her strange looks with her horns and a tail
::'''Dahao:''' *sigh* it's difficult to explain this. It'd be easier to talk to you in person
:'''Dahao:''' Could you please take some time to visit the Realm-Keeping Commission? I'll tell you the details in person
;{Accepted Mission: Evanesce Like the Morning Dew}
}}
----

===You there, (Trailblazer)?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dahao:''' You there, (Trailblazer)?
:'''Dahao:''' Are you able to cooperate with us for a bit? Care to come by the Artisanship Commission?
:{Choice} What's the matter?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What happened?
::'''Dahao:''' To make a long story short, the Artisanship Commission received a sword yesterday from General Huaiyan. Today, when they checked in, the sword had vanished.
:{Choice} Something happened to the sword?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Did something happen to the sword?
::'''Dahao:''' Whoa. I didn't even say anything. How'd you know?
::'''Dahao:''' That's correct. The Artisanship Commission said they received a sword yesterday from General Huaiyan. Today, when we checked in, the sword had vanished.
:'''Dahao:''' Anyway, the Realm-Keeping Commission is officially conducting an investigation and is interrogating the relevant individuals.
:{Choice} Do you suspect me?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, I'm a suspect?
::'''Dahao:''' C'mon, {{MC|f=young lady|m=my lad}}, it's just a routine questioning.
::'''Dahao:''' But you did attend the sword-gifting ceremony yesterday at the Palace of Astrum. And some craftsmen said they saw you at the Artisanship Commission.
:{Choice} I told them to be careful
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I even told Master Gongshu yesterday to keep careful watch on the sword. Does he know about the current situation?
::'''Dahao:''' Yeah. He reported this case.
:'''Dahao:''' Anyway, anyone who attended yesterday's ceremony and lacks a clear alibi will be considered a suspect.
:'''Dahao:''' The craftsmen also mentioned a young girl who broke into the Artisanship Commission with a sword in hand. She bears the bulk of the suspicion.
:'''Dahao:''' Alright. Enough chatter. I'll see you at the Artisanship Commission.
}}
----

==Daily==
===Hello, (Trailblazer).===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Dahao:''' Hello, (Trailblazer).
:{Choice} Hey.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Hey, Mr. Dahao!
:{Choice} Is there a new mission?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' How do you do? Are there new missions at the Realm-Keeping Commission?
::'''Dahao:''' You and the members of the Express crew have been a great help with the many tasks previously entrusted to you. We are deeply grateful for your assistance.
:'''Dahao:''' I am reaching out this time to update you, Mr. Yang, and Miss March on some follow-up situations.
:'''Dahao:''' Do you remember the previous invitation for you and a few others to come to the Realm-Keeping Commission to identify suspicious individuals?
:{Choice} I remember.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You mean that time when March played detective, making wild guesses about one traveling merchant's background and whereabouts, but couldn't nail down a single solid answer?
::'''Dahao:''' Yep, that's the one. Officer Jingyan even praised Miss March for her keen observation and unorthodox thinking during that incident. She mentioned that Miss March seemed like a natural for our line of work.
:{Choice} I don't remember.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't remember...
::'''Dahao:''' It seems you may be too preoccupied elsewhere. I still remember how Miss March deduced the whereabouts of an outworlder back then.
::'''Dahao:''' Officer Jingyan even praised Miss March for her keen observation and unorthodox thinking during that incident. She mentioned that Miss March seemed like a natural for our line of work.
:'''Dahao:''' Believe it or not, I received an official notice jointly issued by the Ten-Lords Commission and the Cloud Knights. That blond merchant, Luocha, is indeed an unlawful character who infiltrated the Xianzhou!
:'''Dahao:''' Miss March's deduction and Mr. Yang's intuition... have come true! The Express Crew truly is a group of hidden talents! Much admiration!
:{Choice} We do have talents aplenty!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' We do have talents aplenty!
:{Choice} I don't believe you.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...and they got it right?
::'''Dahao:''' Don't knock it, the official seal and signatures are all there. This is as real as they come.
:{Choice} So what did that man do?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So what did that man do?
:'''Dahao:''' I can't go into the specifics as it's still part of Xianzhou's internal affairs.
:'''Dahao:''' But, given our tight relationship, I can spill a bit of the beans for you. The official document states that he was arrested on charges of "identity fraud and smuggling of dangerous bio-merchandise, among other crimes." The use of the expression "among other" is quite intriguing.
:'''Dahao:''' Of course, I have received the directive from the Realm-Keeping Commission's general affairs office, requesting to commend and express gratitude to enthusiastic guests such as yourselves.
:'''Dahao:''' I would like to express my own gratitude to you all, and deliver to you your well-earned remuneration.
:'''Dahao:''' In that case, if there are tasks involving apprehending fugitives or pursuing criminals in the future, I hope you and the Express Crew can continue to make full use of your intuition!
:'''Dahao:''' Stay safe, I shall take my leave!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}