<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Dan Shu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 66
|image     = NPC Dan Shu Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Dan Shu
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), I have a...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dan Shu:''' (Trailblazer), I have a preliminary understanding of the Draught of Draconic Surge's pharmacology
:'''Dan Shu:''' But... you're still busy with the troubles on the Xianzhou, right?
:{Choice} Right now?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' At a time like this?
:{Choice} I'm busy
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Something happened at the Artisanship Commission
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The Ambrosial Arbor is growing everywhere. There was even a deer...
:'''Dan Shu:''' No worries. Come find me when you're free
:'''Dan Shu:''' I shall be waiting for you at the Synwood Pavilion
;{Accepted Mission: Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified}
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), have you some time?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dan Shu:''' (Trailblazer), have you some time?
:'''Dan Shu:''' There are some issues with which I should like your expertise, can you drop by the Synwood Pavilion for a spell?
:{Choice} Wait, I'm coming over
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Wait, I'm coming over
:{Choice} Now?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Now?
:'''Dan Shu:''' At your earliest convenience would be best
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), I have prepared...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dan Shu:''' (Trailblazer), I have prepared the present of which I have mentioned
:'''Dan Shu:''' Come over to the Synwood Pavilion, I wish to entrust you with it in person
:{Choice} Coming
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Wait, I'm coming over
:{Choice} Not a good time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Now is not a good time
:'''Dan Shu:''' Do not worry, I will be there awaiting your presence
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}