<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Delivery Person#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 151
|image     = NPC Delivery Person Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Delivery Person
|signature = 
|faction   = Penacony
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===I hope this is...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Delivery Person:''' I hope this is the right number.
:'''Delivery Person:''' Hello, are you (Trailblazer)?
:{Choice} Yes, that's me.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yes, that's me. Did you need something?
:{Choice} ...Who am I speaking to?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Uh, it's the right number. I'm (Trailblazer). Who am I speaking to?
:'''Delivery Person:''' Hello. This is your delivery person. You have a package that's been delivered to (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand) logistics hub
:{Choice} Haven't ordered anything online
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What package?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's strange. I haven't ordered anything online recently.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Do you know what's inside?
::'''Delivery Person:''' The package is sealed. To protect your privacy, I'm not able to check the contents
::'''Delivery Person:''' You should open it up yourself
:{Choice} Who's the sender?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who could be sending me a gift?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is the name of the sender?
::'''Delivery Person:''' Hold on, let me have a look
::'''Delivery Person:''' It says the sender is a "Mr. Aventurine"
:'''Delivery Person:''' The first mate volunteered to take it to the Captain's Quarters for you
:'''Delivery Person:''' Thanks for coming over, please sign for your delivery
:'''Delivery Person:''' Before you sign, please check that the package is not damaged. If anything is missing, or if there are problems with product quality, please contact me at any time. If there are no other issues, please give me a five-star rating. Thank you very much!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}