<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Dr. Dig#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 2
|image     = NPC Dr. Dig Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Dr. Dig
|signature = Scott Business, we serve champions!
|faction   = Jarilo-VI
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Outsider! I finally got...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dr. Dig:''' Outsider! I finally got your contact! I have something to tell you: Boss Scott has been talking every day about how we need to try some business models. He's quite worked up about this... If you have time, can you chat with him? I'm telling you, you can make a ton of money!
:{Choice} Who the heck are you...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who the heck are you...
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Hello? Forgot about me already? Host of the Fight Club, Cold Dragon Young? Does that ring a bell?
:{Choice} Sure, I'll go see him now
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sure, I'll go see him now
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Ha, nice! I knew you were the right person to ask
:{Choice} Who is Scott? Never heard of him
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who is Scott? Never heard of him
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Hey, don't be like that. Boss Scott is the most powerful man in the Underworld. Loads of people want to be his friend
:'''Dr. Dig:''' Anyway, go talk to Boss Scott when you have time, I guarantee it's gonna be a good deal for you. Don't forget to patronize the club when you make your fortune!
;{Accepted Mission: Ring and Stage I}
}}
----

===Hey, (Trailblazer)! Got a...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dr. Dig:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Got a minute for some matches?
:'''Dr. Dig:''' The Fight Club is gearing up for an awesome Martial Exhibition. All amazing fighters like you are welcome!
:{Choice} What's a "Martial Exhibition"?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What's this "Martial Exhibition" all about?
:{Choice} Like fake fighting or something?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Exhibition? Does that mean it's like fake fighting or something?
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Oh, come on! It's nothing like that!
:'''Dr. Dig:''' A Martial Exhibition is built around a different kind of match where the focus is more on the overall entertainment value rather than the actual outcome. The Fight Club organizes several of these matches each year.
:'''Dr. Dig:''' Unlike regular matches, fighters get to showcase their unique style of "martialism" in each bout.
:'''Dr. Dig:''' It's hard to put into words, but once you step into that ring, you'll get it!
:'''Dr. Dig:''' If you're interested, just head over to the Fight Club and sign up.
;{Accepted Mission: Martialist Fighters}
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}