<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Emily#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 48
|image     = NPC Emily Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Emily
|signature = Do good deeds, say good words, have a good heart!
|faction   = Herta Space Station
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===H&mdash;Help me! I'm so...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Emily:''' H&mdash;Help me! I'm so nervous... *sniffle* There's a new researcher at the Dept of Insight, I can't talk to her
:'''Emily:''' Lemme think... is it like this? "Hi, (Trailblazer), whatcha having for dinner?"
:{Choice} Having some snacks
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Having some snacks
::'''Emily:''' Snacks? What kind, I wanna see.
:{Choice} Too lazy to eat
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So tired, I think I'm gonna skip dinner
::'''Emily:''' You're so lazy, don't starve yourself
:{Choice} Did you make me your practice partner?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' This sounds familiar... Hey, did you make me your small-talk practice partner?
::'''Emily:''' Hee-hee, you found out
:'''Emily:''' Um... I just needed the practice. I just feel I'm not used to it... not used to chatting with people like this
:'''Emily:''' You didn't know, but I summoned so much courage just to talk to the people in my dept
:'''Emily:''' Turns out they were so surprised by me, it's funny! Thank goodness everything went well in the end. Either way... thanks a bunch, master of words!
}}
----

===Master (Trailblazer), need urgent help!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Emily:''' Master (Trailblazer), need urgent help!
:'''Emily:''' I want to talk to people from the Department of Implement Arts. Do you think it would sound natural to say...
:'''Emily:''' Hey, have you had your dinner? What do you feel like having for dinner?
:{Choice} Some simple fried rice
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm planning to have some simple fried rice on the space station
:{Choice} Don't feel like eating, no appetite
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't feel like eating, no appetite
:'''Emily:''' Oh, really?
:{Choice} Really, what's next?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Wow, really? What's next?
::'''Emily:''' And then... Wait, hey! Don't take my line!
:{Choice} Did you forget your line again?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...What did I tell you to do? Did you forget your line again?
::'''Emily:''' Oh, I can't help it, I... I'm too nervous!
:'''Emily:''' There are so many things to learn today. I'm still trying to digest
:'''Emily:''' And then I will make my move! Honestly, I'm not super confident about this, but after texting you, I feel much better... Thanks!
}}
----

===There are so many...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Emily:''' There are so many people! Feels like the entire space station is here.
:'''Emily:''' The people from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics... The topic they were talking about is completely in line with my research plans! Aaaah what do I do, they have so many people I don't even know how to join the conversation!
:'''Emily:''' I just do this, right? Hey hey, (Trailblazer), how's it going? Have you had dinner yet? I haven't eaten. What are you having? Let me have a look!
:{Choice} I haven't eaten!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I haven't eaten!
:{Choice} I don't know what to eat.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't know what to eat
:'''Emily:''' Oh, really? I thought you would just send me a picture to show off... What a surprise!
:'''Emily:''' What time is it now, why aren't you eating yet?
:{Choice} I'm having choice overload
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm having choice overload
::'''Emily:''' Uh-huh, I know what you mean
:{Choice} Not hungry, skipping dinner
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm not hungry, I think I'll skip dinner
::'''Emily:''' Mm, okay, up to you if you don't want to eat
:'''Emily:''' How's that? Everything you taught me, I mastered!
:{Choice} I think you're ready
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's everything I can teach, I think you're ready
:{Choice} You have much more to learn!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Conversing is a form of knowledge. You have much more to learn
:'''Emily:''' What? Really? Wow... why?
:'''Emily:''' Haha, I'll stop joking around. I want to thank you for teaching me those sentences. I can now mingle with the other staff members
:'''Emily:''' Honestly, I've never had that many friend requests before... It's all because of you, so thank you!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}