<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Evoccultic Disciple#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 179
|image     = NPC Evoccultic Disciple Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Evoccultic Disciple
|signature = Life will find its own exit
|faction   = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===This message is automatically...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} This message is automatically sent by the system
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' If you see this message on the teleslate, then congratulations: You have cleared the initial test for the enigmatic Ceremony I named "Golden Scapegoat." You might be already used to the various mysterious phenomena you have encountered in Amphoreus. Just like the test you just completed. That thing appeared during the Era Bellica period. It was seen as an ill omen and caused many uproars in the world. But as time went on, people gradually learned to ignore it.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' But if you're like me and wish to discover what secrets lay beneath these goat masks, whether there are powers beyond the Titans dominating our world, and what this world's secrets are according to Evoccultism's teachings... Then, I recommend that you study the "Golden Scapegoat" alongside me and uncover these grand mysteries lost to the people of this world.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' When you pass more challenges, you can find out how to contact me through the teleslate.
:{Choice} I like this game. Contact me.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The goat head is pretty interesting. Don't keep me in suspense. Let's meet up.
:{Choice} Anonymous ads, everywhere!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't waste your data. I'm not your target audience
:{Choice} ...Evoccultism?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is Evoccultism? A kind of biological evolution?
:{{DIcon|Warning}} This message is automatically sent by the system
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' When you pass more challenges, you can find out how to contact me through the teleslate.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' Tsk. I don't actually want to repeat everything, but this cursed teleslate is too limited in function. (Well, maybe I just don't know how to use it?) I can't manage to make it automatically message me when you finish the challenge.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' So, I set a variable first. (Please forgive me, it cannot be 1, but I promise it's not bigger than 5.) When you finish your challenges at a few different spots, your teleslate will receive my personal information. This way, you can contact me in reality (if you wish).
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' Sigh, dear friend. It's a shame that these teleslates aren't as good as seances (a pity I cannot perform such a thing, as I am not a priest). Such troublesome matters cannot be blamed on me...
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' I hope we can uncover the secret behind the Golden Scapegoat!
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Reserved service has concluded. Transmission automatically concluded
;{Accepted Mission: Golden Scapegoat}
}}
----

===This message is automatically...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{{DIcon|Warning}} This message is automatically sent by the system
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' To those of a like mind as I: You have claimed 4 Golden Scapegoat tokens. This makes me believe that you, like me, have a unique interest in them.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' My name is Avilius (as you might have guessed). My personal abilities are limited, and so I am less than capable when it comes to discovering more secrets connected to the Golden Scapegoat. But you might be. Speaking clearly, I just so happen to know a tenured scholar in the Council of Elders. This senior academic helped me analyze some information relating to the Golden Scapegoat and also secretively installed this automatic transmission system in this goat head.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' It is said that the Golden Scapegoat system has a unique network strategy. Each time we complete a challenge, we will hear ancient murmurs with different meanings (though I can't tell them apart at all, the senior academic can indeed give different translations for each murmur). Of course, Evoccultism believes miracles are more likely to be naturally occurring instead of human-made. And so there might not be an architect sending us messages from eons past when it comes to the Golden Scapegoat.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' In fact, from the eyes of that senior, the Golden Scapegoat is more likely a fracture or a projection cast upon reality by some grand mystery. The rules behind it are the result of higher laws being compressed by reality.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' I think we're drifting off-topic. Anyway, no matter where you got those 4 tokens, the special functions designed in the teleslate by that academic are enough for you to hitch onto the system and let you receive the details I'm inputting here.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' As I've mentioned, my name is Avilius. If you ask the people around the Kephale Plaza, you will be able to find me.
:'''Evoccultic Disciple:''' You who share our ambitions &mdash; I shall anticipate your arrival there.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}