<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Geed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 148
|image     = NPC Geed Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Geed
|signature = 
|faction   = Herta Space Station
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===How's the progress?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Geed:''' How's the progress?
:'''Geed:''' Have you finished all the IPC's assignments
:{Choice} I've taken care of everything...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Yeah... I got all the special assignments that you mentioned done... Is there anything else?
:'''Geed:''' ?
:'''Geed:''' Wait. Let me refresh
:'''Geed:''' Pretty good, (Trailblazer). How'd you do it? I'm still looking at Boothill's details, but you managed to complete so many assignments on your own
:{Choice} It was a piece of cake.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Easy peasy. Nothing I couldn't handle
::'''Geed:''' ...As expected from someone who fought off the Doomsday Beast with their bare hands
:{Choice} I had plenty of help...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Well... I didn't do this alone either. I had lots of friends that helped
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yeah. I'm really grateful to them.
::'''Geed:''' I know. You've got some "big-shot" connections. Wen Shiqi told me so
::'''Geed:''' Even Madam Herta favors you. Ah, If I could only be as effective and influential as you someday
:'''Geed:''' Right, did you get your payment? If you ask me, you shouldn't risk your life for money. Just make enough to live comfortably
:'''Geed:''' You weren't injured, were you?
:{Choice} Nope, didn't even mess up my hair.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Of course not. It's no big deal... My hair didn't even get messed up. Wasn't anything
::'''Geed:''' That's impressive
:{Choice} I'm good. Don't you worry.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm plenty tough. Don't you worry
::'''Geed:''' That's good
:'''Geed:''' Alright. Enough chatter. The department is asking me to submit my report and the page is still blank
:'''Geed:''' You go home and get some rest. I'll let you know if something good like this happens again
}}
----

===WHOA!!!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Geed:''' WHOA!!!
:'''Geed:''' I just refreshed the assignments terminal, and they've all been completed!?
:{Choice} Yep, I'm an assignment master.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Of course they are. I am a master at taking assignments. These things are no challenge for me
::'''Geed:''' Take me with you on your next speedrun. I'm still a newbie
:{Choice} It's fake.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' No way, the terminal is obviously glitching
::'''Geed:''' ?
::'''Geed:''' ...Liar. I've checked, and they're all clearly completed
:'''Geed:''' I would expect no less from the space station's hero
:'''Geed:''' Oh yeah, the system says that all of your rewards have been sent out in real time. Make sure you check how much you've been paid and let me know if there is anything wrong
:'''Geed:''' I'll get brother Shiqi to make sure you're paid down to the last decimal
:{Choice} Just pocket change to me.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Ah, I can't even be bothered to check
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Those amounts are just pocket money to me, barely worth getting out of bed for
::'''Geed:''' ...
::'''Geed:''' Any money you don't need, you can give to me. I really need it. Thank you
:{Choice} Haha, okay.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Haha, thank you. I appreciate the sentiment
::'''Geed:''' No problem. It's only fair.
:'''Geed:''' I see you've been rushing around for days now. Get some good rest. I won't disturb you any longer
:'''Geed:''' Just keep on "trailblazing." I'll contact you again next time there is an opportunity!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}