<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Grumpy#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 52
|image     = NPC Grumpy Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Grumpy
|signature = My wish for today: Pass my probation period
|faction   = Herta Space Station
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), the hero who...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Grumpy:''' (Trailblazer), the hero who reverted the space station's crisis &mdash; is that you?
:{Choice} Yes, that's me.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yes, that's me.
::'''Grumpy:''' Awesome! It took me so long to get your number
:{Choice} I'm that famous?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm that famous?
::'''Grumpy:''' Totally! It took me so long to get your number
:'''Grumpy:''' Um, I have something I want your help with
:'''Grumpy:''' Could we please have a chat the next time you drop by the Herta Space Station?
:{Choice} Tell me what you want help with first
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Tell me what you want help with first
::'''Grumpy:''' It's hard to explain over text
::'''Grumpy:''' I'll tell you the general gist
:{Choice} People only think of me when there's trouble
::'''(Trailblazer):''' People only think of me when there's trouble
::'''Grumpy:''' Oh, don't be like that
::'''Grumpy:''' It won't be for free. I'll pay you
:'''Grumpy:''' I found a weird simulation program that needs to be tested by folks with lots of combat experience
:'''Grumpy:''' I can't think of anyone more fitting than you. Please. I'll be waiting at the space station's master control zone
;{Accepted Mission: Stellar Flare: Opening}
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}