<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Guangjin#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 92
|image     = NPC Guangjin Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Guangjin
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Hello (Trailblazer), I'm Guangjin,...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Guangjin:''' Hello (Trailblazer), I'm Guangjin, a Realm-Keeping Commission orderly for the Scalegorge Waterscape delve
:'''Guangjin:''' I've heard a lot about you from the Exalting Sanctum's Realm-Keeping Commission and got your contact details from them
:{Choice} Looking for me again?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You want me for something again?
::'''Guangjin:''' ...Yes. Looks like you've got plenty of experience of this and saw this coming.
:{Choice} Am I in trouble?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why is the Realm-Keeping Commission after me? Am I in trouble?
::'''Guangjin:''' Don't worry. I just have something for you
:'''Guangjin:''' Recently we got reports that some civilians have entered an unknown area and encountered monsters that can become invisible
:{Choice} It's Vidyadhara cloudhymn?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I know the cloudhymn magic of the Vidyadhara can conceal their form. That's not it, right?
:'''Guangjin:''' I didn't think you'd be so familiar with the Vidyadhara cloudhymn magic. That makes it much easier for me to explain what's going on
:'''Guangjin:''' I'm a Vidyadhara myself. What's happening here is similar to cloudhymn magic, but not completely identical
:'''Guangjin:''' It's hard to explain everything over text. Let's meet face-to-face
:'''Guangjin:''' Come whenever you have the time. I'll be at the Healer's Market in the Alchemy Commission
;{Accepted Mission: Wraiths of Mirage}
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}