<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Hex Club#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 63
|image     = NPC Hex Club Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Hex Club
|signature = Hexanexus, endless fun!
|faction   = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===The purpose of this...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Hex Club:''' The purpose of this questionnaire is to collect feedback about the Hexanexus' beta implementation. We hope you will be as honest with us as possible, and we have prepared some gifts for those with the most sincere answers.<br /><br />Your answers will not be revealed to any third party. Thank you for supporting the Hexanexus secret society!
:'''Hex Club:''' What is your gender?
:{Choice} Male
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Male
:{Choice} Female
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Female
:{Choice} Can't be defined by two genders
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I do not identify as either male or female
:'''Hex Club:''' What is your age?
:{Choice} 1–100 years old
::'''(Trailblazer):''' 1–100 years old
:{Choice} 101–500 years old
::'''(Trailblazer):''' 101–500 years old
:{Choice} Older than 500
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Older than 500
:'''Hex Club:''' Do you know what the Hexanexus is?
:{Choice} I know
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I know what the Hexanexus is
:{Choice} I dunno
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I do not know what the Hexanexus is
::'''Hex Club:''' The Hexanexus is what you have been playing with
:{Choice} Don't even recognize the first word
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Hexa... I don't even know how to say that word
::'''Hex Club:''' Hexanexus, as in a connective construct of six faces
:'''Hex Club:''' How did you come to know about the Hexanexus?
:{Choice} Saw it next to the road
::'''(Trailblazer):''' They were on the side of the road, and I saw them. That's how
:{Choice} Friend recommendation
::'''(Trailblazer):''' My friend recommended them to me
:{Choice} Official account
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I found out about the Hexanexus through the official account
::'''Hex Club:''' We... don't have an official account?
::{Choice} Might be a promotional account
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' It could be a promotional account trying to feed off your popularity
::{Choice} Might be a fake account
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' It could be a fake account. There might be an imposter
::'''Hex Club:''' If we were so popular, we wouldn't be setting up so many devices on the side of the road
:'''Hex Club:''' How difficult do you think our Hexanexus is?
:{Choice} Very hard
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Very difficult
:{Choice} Moderately hard
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Moderate difficulty
:{Choice} Very easy
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Very easy
:'''Hex Club:''' Do you have any other comments about our Hexanexus?
:{Choice} A masterpiece
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It is a masterpiece, a thing of geniuses
:{Choice} Interesting
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's intriguing. I don't have other comments
:{Choice} Waste of time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It is a waste of my precious time
:'''Hex Club:''' Thank you for participating in our questionnaire.<br />Please continue to support the Hexanexus!
}}
----

===Congratulations on completing all...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Hex Club:''' Congratulations on completing all Hexanexus in the beta!
:'''Hex Club:''' You completed all the Hexanexus stages. You must find the Hexanexus engaging!
:{Choice} Super fun
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Of course it's engaging. That's why I continued playing!
:{Choice} Too many goodies in the chest
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I wanted to stop, but the treasures you give are too enticing
:{Choice} Weren't you going to sue me?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If I don't continue, aren't you going to report me at the Realm-Keeping Commission? I'm scared
:'''Hex Club:''' If I may be honest with you, according to the Hex Club's prediction, a lot of people will fall in love and be obsessed with our Hexanexus
:'''Hex Club:''' But from the current statistics, only you have been able to complete all the challenges. The success rate is very low
:{Choice} What happened?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm the only one who completed all the stages? But your Hexanexus is so interesting. I don't believe you
::'''Hex Club:''' You're so nice
:{Choice} Go sue them at the Realm-Keeping Commission
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Aren't you proficient in blackmailing? You can always report them. I'm not the only one you blackmailed, am I?
::'''Hex Club:''' The Hex Club treats all friends who successfully retrieve the treasures in the same way
::'''Hex Club:''' Although, none of them had taken heed of the warning from the Hex Club
:{Choice} I'm the unluckiest loser ever
::'''(Trailblazer):''' WHAT!? So I'm the only one who spent so much time completing all the challenges? I've been such a fool
::'''Hex Club:''' It wasn't all that bad. We promised to give you the treasures as long as you keep playing
::'''Hex Club:''' And we did keep the promise. You took all the treasures from the challenge
:'''Hex Club:''' Anyway, we hope to have a meeting with you. The intent of this meeting is: 1. To award you the Lifetime Hex Club Membership, and 2. to explore in-depth about your user experience and get some feedback
:{Choice} Forget about titles
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Not really interested in the lifetime membership. Maybe skip that
::'''Hex Club:''' Aside from the title, we also prepared a reward for the first world clear of the game. Your loss if you miss it
:{Choice} I've answered the survey already
::'''(Trailblazer):''' But I already filled in the survey for you
::'''Hex Club:''' That survey didn't have enough variables. We can't use it as a reference
::'''Hex Club:''' We might as well talk to the target users face-to-face
:{Choice} Okay, where do we meet
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just tell me where are we meeting
:'''Hex Club:''' Beside the Hexanexus device in the Artisanship Commission delve. I will be waiting for you there. Please make sure to come
}}
----

===You have completed the...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Hex Club:''' You have completed the new round of the Hexanexus
:'''Hex Club:''' I guess not even our internal testers understood the Hexanexus as much as you did
:'''Hex Club:''' To be frank, the new Hexanexus garnered equal amounts of positive and negative attention
:'''Hex Club:''' One of the main issues was "The devices are too abrupt and lack reasonable marketing"
:{Choice} It's definitely abrupt!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It is pretty abrupt. Expecting people to just play with something on the side of the street is quite a reach
::'''Hex Club:''' You're right, but we didn't really have a choice
:{Choice} I can't polish this
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Your Hexanexus devices can't really be marketed
::'''Hex Club:''' Hey, let's not speak in absolutes. We can always try
:{Choice} Easy, I'll polish it for you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's easy. Even I can do it for you
::'''Hex Club:''' Oh, we wouldn't want to trouble you like this. We just wanted to hear the opinion of our invested users
:'''Hex Club:''' Our "storyteller" wants to give the Hexanexus an overarching theme in the marketing campaign. We have three general directions so far: Supernatural, cataclysmic, and anthropomorphic. Which one do you like best?
:{Choice} Ghost story survey
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Taking immersion into account, maybe you can try the supernatural route
::'''Hex Club:''' A mundane life in which extraordinary dangers lurk. Investigate the Hexanexus and explore the supernatural occurrences of the Xianzhou Luofu... Someone must walk toward the night in order to protect the dawn
:{Choice} Disaster-themed
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Considering your product's vast worldview, maybe try a cataclysmic theme
::'''Hex Club:''' In a certain planet, the Antimatter Legion has already become an irrepressible force. Only by investigating the Hexanexus can you obtain its power to fight Destruction with Destruction...
:{Choice} Anthropomorphize
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Considering how popular your product has gotten, maybe try to anthropomorphize it
::'''Hex Club:''' In this fictional city, people live harmoniously with their Hex Maiden. Through solving the Hexanexus, you can deepen the bonds between yourself and your Hex Maiden. What a good life that is
:'''Hex Club:''' I think that's a good one
:'''Hex Club:''' Thank you for your help. I will discuss your suggestions with the club members
:'''Hex Club:''' Anyhow, I'll go back and do some brainstorming, and we will see you again for the next version
}}
----

===Since you've already collected...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Hex Club:''' Since you've already collected a certain amount of Hex Passes, we would like to invite you to participate in a feedback questionnaire regarding any suggestions you have during the "Hexanexus: Remake" beta. We hope you will be as honest with us as possible.<br /><br />Your answers will not be revealed to any third party. Thank you for supporting the Hexanexus secret society!
:'''Hex Club:''' Have you noticed that you have already obtained Hex Passes?
:{Choice} Yes
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yes
:{Choice} No
::'''(Trailblazer):''' No
:{Choice} Take a guess.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Take a guess.
::'''Hex Club:''' You'd definitely have noticed it by now.
:'''Hex Club:''' Have you played a Hexanexus before?
:{Choice} Yes
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yes
:{Choice} No
::'''(Trailblazer):''' No
:{Choice} I hold a Lifetime Membership!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm a deep tester, and I even hold a Lifetime Hex Club Membership!
::'''Hex Club:''' WHAT!?
::'''Hex Club:''' The Hexanexus official site has announced that its Lifetime Hex Club Membership service and other member services were suspended thirty system days ago. Thank you for supporting the Hex Club all this time
:'''Hex Club:''' Do you know what "Hexanexus: Remake" is?
:{Choice} I know
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I know what Hexanexus: Remake is
:{Choice} I dunno
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't know what Hexanexus: Remake is
::'''Hex Club:''' You have already obtained a Hex Pass. What you just played was "Hexanexus: Remake"!
:{Choice} Hexanexus: Remastered?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it not Hexanexus: Remastered? Why must you use "Remake"?
::'''Hex Club:''' Hexanexus is designed, produced, and developed by a multicultural team of people.
::'''Hex Club:''' The word "Remake" brings out the diversity presented in our product that accommodates users across the Cosmos.
:'''Hex Club:''' How do you find Hexanexus: Remake's difficulty level?
:{Choice} Very difficult
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Very difficult
:{Choice} Moderately difficult
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Moderately difficult
:{Choice} Very easy
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Very easy
:'''Hex Club:''' Do you have any additional questions or suggestions for "Hexanexus: Remake"?
:{Choice} Not enough rewards...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are your rewards becoming less than before? You can't retain previous players this way
::'''Hex Club:''' It's a little hard to get around that right now
:{Choice} Do you know where this is?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' My biggest confusion is why there are also Hexanexus here in the Ten-Lords Commission's Shackling Prison?
::'''Hex Club:''' Yeah... It's a long story.
:{Choice} Why make a sequel?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Why does Hexanexus even want to make a sequel?
::'''Hex Club:''' Of course, it's because Hexanexus is number one in the world!
:'''Hex Club:''' Okay, I know you have a lot of questions.
:'''Hex Club:''' You have collected 3 Hex Passes, I will contact you again when you've collected 6.
:'''Hex Club:''' Thank you for participating in our feedback questionnaire.<br />Please continue to support "Hexanexus: Remake"!
}}
----

===Congratulations, you have completed...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Hex Club:''' Congratulations, you have completed the entire beta version of "Hexanexus: Remake"!
:'''Hex Club:''' Since you are able to complete all of the puzzles, it must be because "Hexanexus: Remake" is extremely interesting, right?
:{Choice} Super fun
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Hexanexus: Remake is the best in the world!
:{Choice} Got nothing better to do
::'''(Trailblazer):''' There's nothing better to do. I solved them while pacing around the prison
:{Choice} I have questions for you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I have many questions. You said I have to finish collecting everything before you will contact me
:'''Hex Club:''' You must've noticed that this "Hexanexus: Remake" beta test and development environment isn't your run-of-the-mill one
:'''Hex Club:''' To be able to heavily market "Hexanexus: Remake" in The Shackling Prison is a whole new challenge for me too
:'''Hex Club:''' Do you know why I'm massively investing in promoting a new title here?
:{Choice} Game's as bad as being in prison?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it alluding to the fact that your trash game is so torturous that it's no different from being in prison?
:{Choice} Your marketing team...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Your marketing team is incompetent too?
:{Choice} Ten-Lords sponsored it?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Could it be that the Ten-Lords Commission sponsored your lousy game?
:'''Hex Club:''' I was arrested for making games
:'''Hex Club:''' Ehe!
:{Choice} Games, or scams?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you making games, or doing scams?
:{Choice} I knew this would happen
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I already knew that you'd get arrested sooner or later for putting these Hexanexus all over the place
:'''Hex Club:''' As for the details, we'll talk when we meet
:'''Hex Club:''' I'll be right here in The Shackling Prison. Could you meet me if you have the time? I can't exactly go anywhere
:{Choice} Okay. Where do we meet
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Tell me where we should meet
:'''Hex Club:''' I've sent you the cell's location
:'''Hex Club:''' I'll be waiting
;{Accepted Mission: Hexanexus: Development Team Interview}
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}