<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Interastral Peace Appliances#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 49
|image     = NPC Interastral Peace Appliances Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Interastral Peace Appliances
|signature = Huge Mid-AE sales, coupons available
|faction   = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash;...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash; There are only three years left in this Amber Era's big sale! Limited coupons are now available, each worth 200 credits! The smart toilet for outdoor camping and off-roading usage is now on sale for the low price of 25,000,000 credits!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash; With coupon savings, the combatant humanoid bipedal microwave oven will only cost 32,999,999 credits! Also available are the 25-credit coupons, which are good for the entire online store!
:{Choice} It's another spam...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Ahh, I knew it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Not these spams again! Have they run out of other things to do?
:{Choice} How do I place an order?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Interesting
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Where can I place an order?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' ?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' ???
:{Choice} Why are you sending me question marks?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Say something. Don't just send question marks
:{Choice} Link plz?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So where can I place an order
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Send link plz thanx
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hold on. Been a while since I chatted with anyone. I'm kinda in shock still
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Are you really from Jarilo-VI? Didn't you all die off?
:{Choice} Who are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Wait, who are you? How did you get my number?
:{Choice} Explain the situation to this person
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm here to investigate an unidentified signal and somehow ended up contacting you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, who exactly are you?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Oh. Hahaha, I'm just a salesperson from Interastral Peace Appliances<br />I'm the 56th liaison officer assigned for Jarilo-VI, and my job is to observe that planet and distribute ads there
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' But in the 78 years since I was deployed to this post, I've never received a single reply<br />I thought you lot all went extinct cuz of the blizzard lol
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Now that fate has brought us together, would you be interested in getting some home appliances? We're currently having a sale and will return 50 credits for every 50,000 spent. It's a good deal
:{Choice} Nah, I'm busy...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Nope. I'm busy
::'''(Trailblazer):''' No, sorry
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' No problem. If you ever need anything, just let me know!
:{Choice} Send a link then
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Well, send a link then...
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Of course! Please wait a minute
::{{DIcon|Warning}} Interastral Peace Appliances has gone offline.
::{Choice} Hey where are you going?
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' ???
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' You didn't send a link
::{Choice} Is this an online scam?
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' ???
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you running an online scam
}}
----

===Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash;...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash; You have 88 unclaimed free credits that can be used to purchase any product on the Interastral Peace Appliances official website (Note: Some discounted items are not included)! You can use as many free credits as you would like. The more you buy, the more you can claim!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hey, my dear customer, u up?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Sorry for popping out like this. I wanna ask you something
:{Choice} What is it?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it?
:{Choice} Not buying anything, thanks
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Um, I don't wanna buy anything. thx
:{Choice} Got the link?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You finally got the link?
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' No no. I still need some time to work on it. Hope you could understand
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Actually, I just reported Jarilo-VI's situation to the Interastral Peace Appliances HQ, and now they want me to send them a comprehensive report to summarize what happened
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Could you please describe in detail what had happened on the planet since the Eternal Freeze started 700 years ago?<br />Just whenever you've got the time. There is no rush
:{Choice} I don't know about this
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm no local... How am I supposed to know about this?
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Ehhh
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Then can you please ask a local for me? Please please?
:{Choice} I can ask around for you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'll ask around for you
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Great! Thank you so much!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' As a token of my thanks, I'm going to apply for a discount coupon for you! See ya
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Interastral Peace Appliances has gone offline.
}}
----

===Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash;...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash; The star of the store is back for a limited time!<br />With the 10-credit festival coupon, save money on hot sales of 500 limited-edition portable family-unit mini-sized nano-grinding face cleansers!<br />For more information, please visit the official Interastral Peace Appliances website!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hello, you there?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' It's me. I'm back again
:{Choice} What is it?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it this time?
:{Choice} I really don't wanna buy anything, thanx
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Um... I really don't wanna buy any home appliances
:{Choice} Found the link?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' About time you send me the link
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Ah, I'm sorry. Our website is really complicated. I need more time to look for it
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' I just wanna ask how you are going with that inquiry you promised.
:{Choice} I just started looking
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Gimme more time. I just asked a friend to look into it
:{Choice} It hasn't been that long.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It hasn't been that long. Don't rush me.
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Oh
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Okay
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Okay, I'll keep waiting. Thank you, dear customer
}}
----

===Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash;...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash; New for this week! Products of great value are waiting for your perusal!<br />Recommended for great value: Save 200 off the rocket-propelled AI-powered automatic gear-shifting wheelchair for the cheap price of only 45,499,800 credits!<br />Hot deal: Nuclear-powered household air fryer has now been price-dropped to 1,199,999 credits for a limited time only!<br />For more great bargains, please click this link: <u>Click here</u>
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Dear customer, I'm so sorry. The push adverts are controlled by the back end. I can't turn them off
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hello? You there?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Sorry to bother you. Just wanna ask you again.
:{Choice} Stop asking. I'm already working on it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm already working on it... Just let me do some info gathering first, okay?
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Sorry, sorry. I'll keep waiting.
:{Choice} I've had enough of this!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I've had enough of this! Just be patient!
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' I'm so sorry. I just want to check up on your progress
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' I'll wait and won't bother you again. Please take your time
:{Choice} Finally, the link...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Finally, the link...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm looking up the info you want, and I'll send it to you once I've sorted it out.
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hahaha, you're so funny
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Please hurry, dear customer. My boss is already urging me to submit a report.<br />But I'll leave you alone for now
}}
----

===Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash;...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Interastral Peace Appliances &mdash; A brand-new upgrade to membership benefits! Hot sales are on right now! Huge savings, members-only discounts, and loads of coupons and free Credits!<br />Reply "Benefit" to instantly book your value-added services, and receive a virtual plush toy of the Interastral Peace Appliances mascot!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Sorry, sorry. I'm so sorry
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' I don't have anything to ask. You just take your time
:{Choice} You're right on time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Good timing. I just finished sorting out the info
:{Choice} Can I block you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Can I block you...
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Please don't, dear customer! I need you to give me that report
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Never mind. I just finished sorting out the info
:{Choice} Benefit
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Benefit
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Um, you can't place the order without using the quotation marks
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just kidding. I just finished sorting out the info
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Belobog Chronicles: Before the Eternal Freeze'' has been sent
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Belobog Chronicles: Before the Eternal Freeze'' has been received
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' !!!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Thank you so much!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Now I can write the report. I'm so sorry for bothering you all this time.
:{Choice} That's fine. I did what I could
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's fine. I learned a lot too
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hahaha, you're such a kind person
:{Choice} I'll pretend this never happened
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'll forgive you this time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...Just kidding. I hope I didn't offend you
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hahaha of course not!
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Since you were such a great help, I'm gonna recommend you to check out our newest offering from the Interastral Peace Appliances, the premium custom-made Little Richie, version 17.93 the collectors' edition of the Richard series, which is our Home-Use Object Finder of the year!<br />This Home-Use Object Finder can easily find items you've lost based on your thoughts, and you can even earn yourself a compatible charger completely free of charge if you pre-order now and pay the full price!
:{Choice} I already have one
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Um, I already have one
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Oh? Really?
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Then do you need a whole set of high-frequency thermodynamic kitchen knives? If you do, I can apply for you an extra ten percent discount, which can be used together with coupons. It's gonna be a great bargain
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Hold on, let's talk about that Home-Use Object Finder again<br />The one I have is something I randomly picked up, and it says it wants to return to the store to get fixed. How do I do that
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' We don't offer maintenance for this product, but if it's something you just accidentally found, then it should be a parcel lost during delivery. I'll check it for you
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Found it. There's an order with the Herta Space Station as the destination. Maybe you can contact them directly
:{Choice} Cool, thank you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Thank you. I'll look into it
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Haha, I'm just doing what I can
:{Choice} Herta Space Station is my home!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Really? I was born there
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Hahaha you're funny
:'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' Oh, and while we're here, let me recommend you a fully-automatic neck-tracking memory-foam pillow, made of natural Vonwacq rubber<br />This pillow is the best-selling premier product in our smart-bedding collection. If you order now, I can get you a 300-credit coupon for a further discount. It's a very good deal
:{Choice} Not for now. Bye
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Not for now. Bye
::'''Interastral Peace Appliances:''' No worries! If you need anything in the future, just contact me directly. I will reply immediately, 24/7
:{Choice} (Block)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I can't take it anymore. I'm going to block you
::{{DIcon|Warning}} You will no longer receive messages from Interastral Peace Appliances
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}