<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Jingyan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 47
|image     = NPC Jingyan Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Jingyan
|signature = No, no time. I can't do that
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===I tried fixing some...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Jingyan:''' I tried fixing some other relevant recordings in the cycrane, and I found this part about Luocha
:'''Jingyan:''' I've left it with the Foursquare Mirror. Please have a look when you can. However, I still lean towards Mr. Luocha having nothing to do with this
:{Choice} I see. Thank you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I see. Thank you
::'''Jingyan:''' You're welcome. I'm just doing my job
:{Choice} We'll be there soon
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Got it. We'll be there soon
::'''Jingyan:''' Keep up the great work
}}
----

===Do you have some...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Jingyan:''' Do you have some time? Please come back to the Realm-Keeping Commission when you can. I've fixed some of the recordings and there is a section you might find interesting
:{Choice} That's good...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Miss Jingyan's help is right on time. Thank you so much. We'll head there immediately
:'''Jingyan:''' Okay. Please be careful on the way here
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), did you find the sheep?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Jingyan:''' (Trailblazer), did you find the sheep?
:'''Jingyan:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Dude}}, are you okay?
:'''Jingyan:''' Please reply if you see this message
:'''Jingyan:''' Are you still alive?
:{Choice} I'm alive!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry. I just got around to answering this
:{Choice} About time to report back...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Almost forgot to report back to you. My apologies
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I found the sheep, but they were all eaten by the wolves. The wolves haven't had enough and wanted to eat me as well. I dealt with them already
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Then I was taken to see a group calling themselves The Unshackled, and they insisted I join them. What a bother
:'''Jingyan:''' Then join them!
:{Choice} Why?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Why? You're making me scared to join them...
:'''Jingyan:''' You know that the Alliance does not ban merchants who worship the Plagues Author from coming to the Xianzhou and trading here
:'''Jingyan:''' This open-minded policy is bringing quite a bit of trouble for the Realm-Keeping Commission as we try to maintain the peace here
:'''Jingyan:''' This group, The Unshackled, is one such trouble
:'''Jingyan:''' Sure, its members are law-abiding individuals and have not committed any crime
:'''Jingyan:''' However, these people believe in the Path of Abundance, and that they will accumulate "good karma" if they release living beings into the wild, thus earning good fortune for themselves
:'''Jingyan:''' They have started to release more and more creatures, even including some invasive species. It's quite a headache for the Commission
:'''Jingyan:''' That's why we'd like you to infiltrate The Unshackled and crumble them from within! The Realm-Keeping Commission will reward you lavishly
:{Choice} Me again?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Me again? Does the Realm-Keeping Commission not have any employees? I don't even know how to help you, even if I want to
:{Choice} How do I crumble them?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Crumble them from within? How? I don't even know how to help you, even if I want to
:'''Jingyan:''' Don't sell yourself short! All six Commissions are recounting your legendary exploits infiltrating the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus and taking them down by wit
:'''Jingyan:''' You're a professional when it comes to destabilizing such organizations
:'''Jingyan:''' Of course, we won't force you
:'''Jingyan:''' If you really can't dissolve them, you can always just give us intel on their future actions, so we can prevent them from doing anything outrageous
:'''Jingyan:''' Anyways, thank you in advance for this business. The Realm-Keeping Commission will reward you lavishly for sure!
}}
----

===Well done, my friend!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Jingyan:''' Well done, my friend!
:'''Jingyan:''' I got an official notification from the Commission while I was out on a job. Those three saints from The Unshackled are in big trouble
:{Choice} What happened?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What happened?
:'''Jingyan:''' Go to Exalting Sanctum and you'll figure it out.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}