<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Luhui#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 32
|image     = NPC Luhui Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Luhui
|signature = Filming. Slow to Respond. Apologies.
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Do you happen to...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Do you happen to know Mei? Are you her relative?
:'''Luhui:''' I'm her employer. Did something happen to Mei?
:{Choice} Rear-ended by another starskiff
::'''(Trailblazer):''' She got rear-ended by a speeding starskiff and got thrown out from her starskiff
:{Choice} A little accident
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Mei got into a little starskiff traffic accident and is currently receiving treatment
:'''(Trailblazer):''' But she seems to be fine now. The Alchemy Commission's team of healers was able to get onsite very quickly
:'''Luhui:''' A traffic accident? OK... where is she now? I'll be right over
:'''Luhui:''' ...However, the set of Butterfly Immersia is a bit busy right now... I might not make it in time. But I'll try to get there right away. Sorry to have troubled you so far. May I have your name, please?
:{Choice} A temporary speed tester.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm just a temporary speed tester dispatched by the Sky-Faring Commission.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just call me (Trailblazer)
:{Choice} A passing trailblazer
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm just a passing trailblazer. My name's not important
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just call me (Trailblazer)
:{Choice} (Trailblazer)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' My name is (Trailblazer)
:'''Luhui:''' Alright, I'll be right there.
}}
----

===Luhui, I want to...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Luhui, I want to ask you something
:{Choice} Are you at the Alchemy Commission already?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you at the Alchemy Commission yet? The Sky-Faring Commission has some questions for Mei
:{Choice} Have you seen Mei yet?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Have you seen Mei yet? The Sky-Faring Commission has some questions for her
:'''Luhui:''' I just arrived and heard some people at the Alchemy Commission say that Mei left when no one was looking
:'''Luhui:''' Oh, this girl! So obstinate and stubborn!
:'''Luhui:''' I asked around and found out that there are some missing pages for some "notes"? Mei seems determined to find them
:'''Luhui:''' You have a few pages with you, right?
:{Choice} I picked up the notes
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I found her notes at the accident site and found your contact details
:'''Luhui:''' I had taken leave for this, but things on set are pretty busy. I have to go back now. I just can't run around following her everywhere. I already paid for her medical bill, so please tell her to go back to the apothecary as soon as possible
:'''Luhui:''' Please!
}}
----

===The Sky-Faring Commission has...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''(Trailblazer):''' The Sky-Faring Commission has already apprehended the culprit. No need to worry about the subsequent penalties and compensation
:'''Luhui:''' Sorry for troubling you with all this. I'll help Mei with the subsequent penalties. But I'm a little confused. Do I need to continue talking with Mei about her dismissal...?
:'''Luhui:''' In employment, is the exchange of services for payment the most important thing? Or is it the interpersonal relationship it created?
:{Choice} Being paid for labor is more important
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You two are in an employment relationship. Service is exchanged for payment. While it's good to have a healthy relationship between you, this should be distinct from the professional relationship
:{Choice} Interpersonal ties are more important
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I do believe that money is perhaps the most reliable value indicator in all employment. But in the end, all the money in the world is only material possession
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You'll miss out on a lot of things that you can't put a price tag on, like the emotional bond between you two
:{Choice} It seems you already have your answer
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm just an outsider. My opinion isn't important to the relationship between you two
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You might've come to me for my opinion, but I think you already know the answer
:'''Luhui:''' In that case, both Mei and I are very grateful for you. Let's meet in Starskiff Haven. I still have something for you to show my appreciation
:'''Luhui:''' ...I don't know why, but with you, I'm able to say things I could never say before
}}
----

===After some thought, I...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Luhui:''' After some thought, I think I should tell you this. After all, you've already helped us so much thus far
:'''Luhui:''' I've renewed the contract with Mei
:'''Luhui:''' As far as the level of service is concerned, Mei is not quite there. But admittedly, I am not a perfect employer either. The important thing is that I'm not going to dwell on a "fair price" anymore
:'''Luhui:''' Mei showed my family a sincerity that can never be bought with money. I don't want to let her down
:'''Luhui:''' Thank you again, and I wish you all the best
:{Choice} Same to you too
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Same to you too
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}