<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Master Gongshu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 147
|image     = NPC Master Gongshu Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Master Gongshu
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Master Gongshu, there's something...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Master Gongshu, there's something I want to talk with you about
:{Choice} (Inform Master Gongshu)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' General Huaiyan gave the Luofu a sword called Guyun
:'''Master Gongshu:''' Don't you worry. General Huaiyan has already conferred his instructions.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' Right, I heard from my apprentices that a young lady with a sword barged into the Artisanship Commission.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' That's General Huaiyan's granddaughter, right? Is she here to chat or kidnap me?
:{Choice} She's calmed down now
:'''(Trailblazer):''' She already promised me that she wouldn't take Guyun until we've confirmed the situation.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' What? She's coming to steal the sword?
:'''Master Gongshu:''' My nerves can't take much more of this!
:'''Master Gongshu:''' The Knight of Beauty just escorted the sword to the Artisanship Commission. It is currently in the armory without a chance for compromise or mishaps. You just relax.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' When I have time, I want to hear that girl tell me why she tried to steal the blade!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}