<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Micah#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 154
|image     = NPC Micah Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Micah
|signature = 
|faction   = Penacony
}}

==Daily==
===Hello, (Trailblazer)!===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Micah:''' Hello, (Trailblazer)!
:'''Micah:''' Great news! Just a few moments ago, Miss Kaimee's calculations showed that the memoria loss at Dreamflux Reef has stopped entirely.
:'''Micah:''' The work you've put into the Dreamscape is deeply appreciated. I can't thank you enough.
:{Choice} That's fantastic news!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's fantastic news! I'm sure Dreamflux Reef will recover soon enough
:{Choice} It was nothing
::'''(Trailblazer):''' All in a day's work for the Nameless
:'''Micah:''' Gallagher and Mikhail would've wanted to express their appreciation too, but I guess now I must convey it on their behalf.
:'''Micah:''' I remember when you all first arrived in Penacony, Gallagher was so nervous and hopeful after hearing of it. It's not every day that he gets that way.
:'''Micah:''' Don't let his laid-back demeanor deceive you. Every time he spoke with you, he'd carefully think through his words beforehand.
:'''Micah:''' Mikhail was the same way. If he could see how outstanding the younger generation is, he'd be thrilled.
:{Choice} Is that so...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I didn't expect to see that side of Mr. Gallagher!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If only they were still here...
:{Choice} That's truly unfortunate...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Their dream has come true, but they can no longer see it themselves...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That's truly unfortunate...
:'''Micah:''' But there's no need to feel so down about it.
:'''Micah:''' Mikhail's wish has been fulfilled, and Gallagher kept his promise after a long and seemingly endless wait.
:'''Micah:''' The dream shouldn't rest on the shoulders of one person when it's a vision we all share.
:'''Micah:''' From Mikhail's grandfather, to Mikhail, to Gallagher, and now to you guys...
:'''Micah:''' They may have left us, but the dream of the Nameless continues to thrive. That's the greatest solace we can offer them.
:'''Micah:''' Eventually, you'll embark on a new journey. When you do, may you connect with more worlds and carry the dream of trailblazing across the Cosmos.
:'''Micah:''' Please take this token of our appreciation.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}