<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Mr. Xiyan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 87
|image     = NPC Mr. Xiyan Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Mr. Xiyan
|signature = Without an understanding ear, words are merely expended breath.
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Excuse me, is this...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Excuse me, is this the deceased {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)'s number?
:{Choice} You want me deceased?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm very much alive, thanks.
:{Choice} What the heck...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Deceased!? What the heck...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' My apologies. I meant "the distinguished." This autocorrect is a little morbid...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' You're a hero of the Xianzhou. I worked hard to get your contact details.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' In fact, I have some private matter I'm hoping you can help with. I hope it won't be too much trouble.
:{Choice} It'll be no trouble
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I've heard you tell stories a lot when I went past the tea house. I'd be honored to be able to help you
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Oh, you flatter me
:{Choice} What's the pay?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sir, you should know that time is money
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' That I am well aware. I will prepare sufficient compensation.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I usually tell stories on the stage before the Sleepless Earl. You can find me there to discuss this issue face-to-face.
;{Accepted Mission: Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 1}
}}
----

==={{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), I recently...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), I recently received a pet &mdash; a fun creature &mdash; from an avid listener. I thought you might be interested.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I can't bring it with me when I'm telling stories, so I've left it at Spare Time Book Shop, which is my store.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' If you're interested, you can drop by Spare Time Book Shop and take a look. I believe you'll like it!
:{Choice} Yeah, I'm interested.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' A pet? I adore small animals. Let me check it out now.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Heheh, I'm sure you've never seen the animal before. It's very fascinating.
:{Choice} I'm not interested.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm not really keen on it... As a Trailblazer, I'm too busy to check out a pet.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Don't jump to conclusions so soon! I'm sure you've never seen the animal before. It's very fascinating.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Go ahead and take a look when you change your mind.
;{Accepted Mission: Youci's Clever Decor}
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}