<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Pamela#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 24
|image     = NPC Pamela Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Pamela
|signature = 
|faction   = Herta Space Station
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Remember to send me...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Pamela:''' Remember to send me the pictures when you get them!
:{{DIcon|Warning}} [image sent]
:'''Pamela:''' Oh my, Himeko really is beautiful. Hohoho, I'm going to print this out as a wallpaper and hang it in my room so that I can look at it all day
:'''Pamela:''' Right, I said I was going to give you Richard_Knowitall's identity, didn't I?
:'''Pamela:''' He's Richard from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. This information is guaranteed to be authentic. He's a business rival, after all
:{Choice} So, his real name is actually Richard!?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, his real name is actually Richard!?
::'''Pamela:''' Yes, he's that tall and thin man with black-rimmed glasses and a slanted fringe
:{Choice} Rivals have once again turned into nemeses!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Rivals have once again turned into nemeses!
::'''Pamela:''' I told you so. Let me give you another hint for free: He's that tall and thin man with black-rimmed glasses and a slanted fringe
:'''Pamela:''' This guy had just been chased out by his own department, so he's always hanging around at the reception hall
:'''Pamela:''' That "inside scoop" that he has? I know all about it too. You want to hear about it? The same terms of our deal still apply, hehe, Himeko...
:{Choice} Fine. I'll get it myself
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Fine. I'll get it myself
}}
----

===It's been a while===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:{Choice} It's been a while
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's been a while
:'''Pamela:''' As usual, 1 pic of Himeko for 1 piece of gossip, quid pro quo
:{Choice} Can I put it on my tab?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Can I put it on my tab?
:'''Pamela:''' Only for you. 20% interest, for every 5 trades, you give me 1 more pic
:{Choice} So very like you.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' So very like you.
:'''Pamela:''' Now that's settled, go ahead and tell me what you need
:{Choice} (Forward missing researcher list)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Help me find the connection between these people
:'''Pamela:''' Oh? How interesting
:'''Pamela:''' This disappearance has been a hot topic, and the news is tightly controlled. Even I don't have a complete list.
:{Choice} You're upset at management too?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You're upset at management too?
:'''Pamela:''' Why would I be? I'm just a small fry. I'll take any chance to slack off whenever I can
:'''Pamela:''' Those who love gossiping about the higher-ups just don't have enough things to do in their lives.
:'''Pamela:''' It's the same people who randomly create their own expectations and then get disappointed when those aren't met. Nothing good will come out of hanging out with them.
:{Choice} You sure are enlightened
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You seem to be pretty enlightened
:'''Pamela:''' You flatter me, but I'll still remember what you owe me. Don't worry. I'll get in touch if I have any news
}}
----

===Yo===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Pamela:''' Yo
:{Choice} You got something?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You got something?
:'''Pamela:''' Yep, but it's not what you'd expect.
:{Choice} Go on.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Go on.
:'''Pamela:''' These victims and their interpersonal relationships don't seem to have any overlaps
:'''Pamela:''' But...
:'''Pamela:''' They have all posted pretty extreme comments against the management on the dark web, and have a large number of supporters
:{Choice} ...What?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...What?
:'''Pamela:''' I know this result will bring a lot of things to mind
:'''Pamela:''' But regrettably, it's the truth
:{Choice} ...Thanks.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...Thanks.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}