<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Qingzu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 60
|image     = NPC Qingzu Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Qingzu
|signature = 
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), is everything going well?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Qingzu:''' (Trailblazer), is everything going well?
:{Choice} Very well...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It is. Unbelievably well, actually
:{Choice} I've successfully infiltrated
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Very well. I'm now a member of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus
:'''Qingzu:''' That's good. I've always believed in your abilities
:'''Qingzu:''' Someone just reported in... did you save a Cloud Knight?
:{Choice} It was nothing
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It was nothing
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I wouldn't call it saving. We had a successful collaboration
:'''Qingzu:''' Thank you very much for your help. That Cloud Knight had handed over all his intel to the Seat of Divine Foresight
:'''Qingzu:''' If it weren't for your help, he'd have had a hard time getting away
:'''Qingzu:''' As you've already infiltrated the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, please keep monitoring their activities
:{Choice} Anything I should focus on?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Is there anything I should focus on?
:'''Qingzu:''' I've mentioned before that a Cloud Knight named Zhixin went missing a few months ago
:'''Qingzu:''' I want to know what happened to him, dead or alive... so I can give an answer to his family.
:'''Qingzu:''' Let's avoid contacting each other from here on. If you are seen going in and out of the Seat of Divine Foresight, those disciples are sure to become suspicious of you
:'''Qingzu:''' Please come back in one piece. Otherwise, the general will be quite upset with me
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}