<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Regin#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 69
|image     = NPC Regin Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Regin
|signature = Do not contact for non-research funding matters
|faction   = Jarilo-VI
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===How is it, my...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' How is it, my friend? Did you find anything odd?
:{Choice} There was a weird vending machine...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I found a weird vending machine near the coordinates that turned into a Trotter...
:{Choice} There was a weird Trotter...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I found a Trotter near the coordinates that pretended to be a vending machine...
:'''Regin:''' Huh? Shapeshifting? Trotter? You're such a layman. What you're saying is harder to understand than those old timers
:'''Regin:''' Never mind. Come back, we'll go through this in detail!
:'''Regin:''' I've sent the compensation to you. Aren't I a reliable employer?
}}
----

===Are you alright, friend?...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' Are you alright, friend? Did your fingers get frostbite? Did you run into any weird stuff?
:{Choice} My hands are frozen solid!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It was so cold! I almost got frozen solid! You've gotta give me more compensation this time
:{Choice} All done without a hitch
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The task was completed without a hitch, and I overcame lots of difficulties. There should be extra compensation
:'''Regin:''' If you're still in the mood to bargain with me, then you've gotta be alright. Now, tell me about the investigation
:'''Regin:''' I ran into some clues about that Trotter you mentioned last time. We can probably get some deeper insights by combining it with your findings this time
:{Choice} It hid in a Snow Drift this time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It hid in a Snow Drift this time. Nothing special
::'''Regin:''' Huh? That's it? Ah... I was expecting something extraordinary!
:{Choice} It was concealed in the cold and ice...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It was concealed in the cold and ice... As if proclaiming some sort of destiny and omen!
::'''Regin:''' Oh, it was hiding in a Snow Drift, huh? That's pretty cold resistant...
:'''Regin:''' Come back soon and don't catch a cold! Cover up and get warm, I'll call out for you when there's a reading!
}}
----

===How is it this...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' How is it this time? Did the sensor give out a false reading?
:{Choice} There are abnormalities here
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The advertisement poster here is indeed abnormal. I didn't think this little critter would be so good at hiding
:{Choice} It's not a false reading
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's not a false reading, but there's nothing new here. It just picked a new place to hide in the advertisement image
:'''Regin:''' An ad poster? So it's got some level of art appreciation? That's vital!
:'''Regin:''' Make sure you rest if you've got nothing else going on. I can't tell when the sensor will find something again. You need to be prepared!
}}
----

===The location it's displaying...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' The location it's displaying this time is kinda weird. I've never been there. Is everything okay?
:{Choice} It took so long...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' There are so many things here. I took so long to find it and got so much dust on my clothes. You gotta give me some dry cleaning funds
:{Choice} Of course everything is okay!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' With me running the show, of course everything is okay! It was just such a hassle. I feel I need to charge you more...
:'''Regin:''' Don't you go raising the price on the spot! I don't have a lot of research funds either! Tell me, where's the anomaly this time?
:{Choice} In a wardrobe
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It was in a large wardrobe. Not very innovative when it comes to hide-and-seek
:{Choice} In a place of utter darkness...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' In the end of uttermost darkness... Where not a single shred of light shines in!
:'''Regin:''' Oh... In a wardrobe, huh. Yeah, that's not very creative
:'''Regin:''' Come back soon! Maybe the sensor is close to detecting something again! You'll need to head out quickly in that case!
}}
----

===Hello? Hello? Any news?...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' Hello? Hello? Any news? I'm getting antsy over here!!!
:{Choice} Firstly, hold on
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I know you're anxious about it, but hold on. The anomaly this time is in the projections of a movie projector. That's something new
:{Choice} I've got news!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It was hiding in the movie projector this time! I only realized it after seeing the projection! It was amazing!!! That's the news this time!
::'''Regin:''' Whoa, you slow down yourself... You scared me!
:'''Regin:''' The anomaly this time is kinda cute. I feel like I could package it a bit and use it for my dear sensor
:'''Regin:''' You come back soon as well. If you have time, have a look at my research plan. If we get a new signal in the mean time, you can head out immediately
}}
----

===Is it going well...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' Is it going well with you? It's okay if you really can't find it... Science allows for failures!
:{Choice} But I succeeded
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry for disappointing you. No failures this time. The anomaly was inside a tent. It didn't get any better at concealing itself
:{Choice} Already found it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I already found it. The anomaly is in a tent this time. Wasn't easy to find it
:'''Regin:''' That's good! To be honest, after so many successes, I felt it was about time the sensor experiences a failure or two...
:'''Regin:''' But who could've known that my dear sensor is so good? It's hard to get it to fail even once!
:'''Regin:''' I'll let you know asap if I get another ping. You should hurry and bring back the fruit of victory, too!
}}
----

===I tried to send...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Regin:''' I tried to send you lots of texts but none of them went through. Are you getting a bad signal at your location?
:{Choice} Are you the real Regin?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you the real Regin? I'm kinda doubting your identity right now. After all, I can't see your face when we are texting!
::'''Regin:''' Huh? What are you talking about? How can there be a fake Regin in this world? Did you hit your head too hard?
:{Choice} Tell me the passphrase first!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I won't tell you anything unless you give me the passphrase we agreed on.
::'''Regin:''' Passphrase? What passphrase? "Long Live the Supreme Guardian"? "I wanna be a Silvermane Guard too"? Hold on. We never agreed on something like that!
:'''Regin:''' What happened to you? Did you have an accident? Don't go anywhere! I'll send you some money right now!
:{Choice} I'm so touched...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I didn't think you'd be such a good friend. I'm so touched... You're definitely the real Regin!
:{Choice} Seems like you're the real deal
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Adding compensation when there's danger... Seems like you're the real deal. Appraisal complete.
:'''Regin:''' You seem fine to me as well...? Never mind. I won't press you for what happened this time. Just come back and have a rest!
:'''Regin:''' When you have time, can you come back after resting up so we can have a chat face-to-face?
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}