<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Todd#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 84
|image     = NPC Todd Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Todd
|signature = The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak...
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), hello.===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Todd:''' (Trailblazer), hello.
:'''Todd:''' My investigation and research on the Xianzhou is complete.
:'''Todd:''' No... Rather, I have a completely new topic now.
:'''Todd:''' Thank you for your companionship along the way. You are the most sincere and reliable friend I have made on Xianzhou.
:'''Todd:''' So, no matter what happens, I don't want to hide anything from you or deceive you.
:'''Todd:''' I want to share my happiness with you. See you at the usual place.
;{Accepted Mission: Todd Riordan's Academic Research: Continued}
}}
----

===Sorry to disturb you, (Trailblazer).===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Todd:''' Sorry to disturb you, (Trailblazer).
:'''Todd:''' Would you happen to have the time to meet up?
:{Choice} You're not arrested yet?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It seems that the Ten-Lords Commission isn't as all-knowing as they claim
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Or you wouldn't still be chatting with me now
::'''Todd:''' Haha, sounds like you already reported what I did to the Xianzhou people.
::'''Todd:''' You stood by your convictions, as expected. I don't blame you
:{Choice} I think I already said no
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I think we've already said all there is to be said
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I've already explicitly refused
::'''Todd:''' That's not what I wanted to discuss, (Trailblazer)
:'''Todd:''' Come. Come to the shores of Scalegorge Waterscape. I'm not going to talk about immortality, or silly things such as fame and wealth.
:'''Todd:''' How about helping out with an old friend's last fickle request? Or think about it as giving a terminal patient his final care?
}}
----

===Sorry to disturb you, (Trailblazer).===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Todd:''' Sorry to disturb you, (Trailblazer).
:'''Todd:''' Would you happen to have the time to meet up?
:{Choice} You haven't left Xianzhou?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You really have some guts
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I thought you'd have left Xianzhou immediately after that chat
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Even if I don't report you, it would be big trouble if people find out what you did
::'''Todd:''' ...
::'''Todd:''' I'm afraid I'm temporarily unable to leave.
:{Choice} I'm not interested in joining the Guild
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I thought I made myself clear
::'''(Trailblazer):''' There's something wrong with my body... so immortality, wealth, and fame mean nothing to me
::'''Todd:''' That's not what I wanted to discuss, (Trailblazer)
:'''Todd:''' Come meet me at the usual place. I'm not going to talk about immortality, or silly things such as fame and wealth.
:'''Todd:''' How about helping out with an old friend's last fickle request? Or think about it as giving a terminal patient his final care?
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}