<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Uma#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 121
|image     = NPC Uma Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Uma
|signature = 
|faction   = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===I'm really impressed with...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Uma:''' I'm really impressed with our station's director
:'''Uma:''' We are really fortunate to have you as our "special guest." You are simply amazing!
:'''Uma:''' I haven't had enough rest yet. Thought I could take this chance to slack off a bit since we can't record the program yet.
:'''Uma:''' You're so adept at getting things done! I can't believe you managed to sort out this mess in a blink!
:{Choice} Piece of cake.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't mention it. It's not a big deal, really
:{Choice} That's the Nameless for you.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Well well well, ever heard of the great Nameless? We didn't just traverse the cosmos for nothing, y'know
:'''Uma:''' Thank you
:'''Uma:''' I'll report this to the head of The Family. With a little luck, you might even score a spot on the Permanent VIP List in Penacony.
:'''Uma:''' Seriously, I should totally hit you up for a proper interview in the future. The ratings will go insane, no doubts! Plus, you've got the looks and are quite telegenic too. Who knows, we might end up being colleagues down the line!
:'''Uma:''' Oops, I got carried away with our chat. Almost forgot the live broadcast is starting soon. Catch you later!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}