<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Wen Furui#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 33
|image     = NPC Wen Furui Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Wen Furui
|signature = Foxian Champion!!!
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===How was it, did...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Wen Furui:''' How was it, did you manage to find the in-person operative? Have you already sent the package?
:{Choice} Can't find them at all
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The in-person operative is not at the Starwatcher Avenue! Where are they hiding?
:{Choice} Don't rush...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I know you're in a hurry, but stop rushing. I'm in a hurry too, but I just couldn't find any in-person operatives
:'''Wen Furui:''' You should've told me earlier, I'll ask where the operative is
:'''Wen Furui:''' They sent me a new address. I'll forward it to you so you can get there on time
:{Choice} Gimme your account...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If I have a user account, I would've asked earlier without all this roundabout way of getting information. Gimme your account!
::'''Wen Furui:''' I can't. I will invite you after the task is done, but not now. Hurry and go now
:{Choice} You should've told me!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I've been making myself busy for this long, and NOW you tell me this!?
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), I'll leave it...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Wen Furui:''' (Trailblazer), I'll leave it to you! Don't forget to deliver the gift I place under your care~
:'''Wen Furui:''' I hear that gifts to the Foxian Beauty must have a special identifier code. However, the code is constantly changing, so you'll need to meet someone offline and verify your identity as a fan.
:'''Wen Furui:''' Wait, lemme copy-paste for you
:'''Wen Furui:''' For logistics identifier codes, please approach an in-person operative with the pass phrase, "Acquaintance from the mortal coil, luxurious gifts from beyond!"<br /><br />Any dissemination of the logistics identifier codes between members is strictly prohibited. The Foxian Beauty Chat membership status will be revoked for the involved parties.<br /><br />The Foxian Beauty Chat reserves the right to the final interpretation of this service.
:'''Wen Furui:''' I told you so
:{Choice} This is too suspicious...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' No healthy enterprise would ever use shady practices like this
::'''Wen Furui:''' Do you even know how popular Ms. Daiqing is? Her fans are all over Xianzhou, so the IPC hid her address to protect her. I totally get that
::'''Wen Furui:''' Besides, it's not like we're not allowed to send her gifts. Don't be paranoid
:{Choice} This pass phrase seems familiar...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' "Acquaintance from the mortal coil, luxurious gifts from beyond" ...This pass phrase seems familiar.
::'''Wen Furui:''' Just try it! Once you've spoken it out loud, you've already surpassed your past self!
::'''Wen Furui:''' When I praised Ms. Daiqing in the office area, everyone would stay away from me. You see, they're the ones feeling embarrassed, not me
::{Choice} No, I can't do it...
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' You may have plenty of justification, but I'm the one who has to say it, not you
::{Choice} You're more experienced in embarrassing yourself...
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're hopeless
::'''Wen Furui:''' And now, I'm you and you're me. Go on, I'll allow you to call yourself the "Genius Researcher Wen Furui" while in Xianzhou
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}