<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/WinterlandsSongstress#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 195
|image     = NPC WinterlandsSongstress Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = WinterlandsSongstress
|signature = 
|faction   = Others
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Wow! It actually did send.===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' Wow! It actually did send.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' The IPC's technology is so advanced, messages can even be sent through half the Cosmos.
:{Choice} Have we met?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who is this? Have we met?
:{Choice} What a poetic name
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Your name is so poetic, but it's not as superior as Galactic Baseballer.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' It's me, Tamila.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' Oh, right! My bad, I didn't tell you I changed numbers.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' I'm an artist now, after all. The IPC's quite strict with their information security.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' As for the name, don't worry about it. My manager chose it for me, something about "will more catch attention."
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' Sigh, I didn't think being an IPC artist means to be bound by so many rules.
:{Choice} You're famous, Tamila!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The IPC cares so much about you, looks like you're gonna be famous, Tamila.
:{Choice} Popularity breeds contempt.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're a star now, so of course your treatment is different. Popularity breeds contempt, you know.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' Stop making fun of me. Right now, I'm a newbie singer at most.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' It's after coming to the outside world that I realized the world is much bigger than I thought I know. I still have a ways to go before reaching my ideal self.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' Fortunately, I've made some small progress recently. I'll continue to share good news with you when I come across them.
:'''WinterlandsSongstress:''' Please look out for my performances as well, (Trailblazer).
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}