<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Xikui#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 38
|image     = NPC Xikui Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Xikui
|signature = I leave work right on time.
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===(Trailblazer), I'm Xikui, Chief...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Xikui:''' (Trailblazer), I'm Xikui, Chief Secretary of the Sky-Faring Commission. The Palace of Astrum is running a small event for visitors to better understand Xianzhou. Would you be interested?
:{Choice} Interested
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm very interested. What kind of event is it?
:{Choice} A dreamy one-day tour?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it where I get to enjoy the luxurious Xianzhou life of my dreams?
::'''Xikui:''' Where did you get all these ideas? I haven't even said anything.
:{Choice} Not interested
::'''(Trailblazer):''' To be honest, I'm not too interested in this kind of stuff. Please find someone more capable
::'''Xikui:''' Please! You know how it is with the internal key performance indices.
::'''Xikui:''' Please, if you help ol' Xikui out with this, I'll reward you fairly. The volunteers all get benefits.
:'''Xikui:''' I don't know if you've met him before, but the Sky-Faring Commission has a speed tester named Tantan. He'd hoped that the public could actively participate in traffic management and become more aware of potential road hazards. To that end, he is planning a "Xianzhou Speed Tester" experience.
:'''Xikui:''' There are too few attendees because the event is too boring, so Madam Yukong asked me to help her get more people. Would you mind attending this? Pretty please?
:'''Xikui:''' All you need to do is to record the traffic flow through Starskiff Haven. It's simple work. Just stand in the lane and count.
:{Choice} I'll go find him in a bit
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Okay, I'll go look for Tantan after this
:{Choice} Must you use people for this?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Isn't there some kind of device for this sort of task? Sounds inefficient to use humans for this.
::'''Xikui:''' This whole thing is mainly about participation. It's an experience for people to take part in
::'''Xikui:''' It is only when you get involved and count the starskiff traffic flow firsthand that you will get the unforgettable and meaningful experience that this whole event is meant to provide
::'''Xikui:''' ...Hey, why do I have to spell it out so clearly for you!
:{Choice} You're just asking because you're in trouble...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So you never share good things with me, but always ask me to help when you're in trouble?
::'''Xikui:''' This IS a good thing! Trust me, all the projects have a set budget. The fewer people involved in your project, the more individual benefits you'll get!
:'''Xikui:''' If you're ready, please go find Tantan
;{Accepted Mission: Fired}
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), you don't happen...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Xikui:''' (Trailblazer), you don't happen to be at Stargazer Navalia right now, are you?
:{Choice} Yes, I'm in Stargazer Navalia
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yea, I just happened to be handling some stuff here
::'''Xikui:''' That's great
:{Choice} How did you know!?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' How did you know? Miss Xikui, you're not stalking me, are you?
::'''Xikui:''' Sorry, now's not the time for jokes
:'''Xikui:''' I saw on cycrane system that you were nearby
:'''Xikui:''' There's an important task I need your help with. It's really urgent
:'''Xikui:''' The Exalting Sanctum's sky dome malfunctioned half a dual-hour ago. It was probably caused by the unusual yinyang phenomena from Ambrosial Arbor's new growth
:'''Xikui:''' The technical details are complicated, so I won't elaborate. In short, one district has a serious problem, and it's about to explode
:'''Xikui:''' The entire Luofu has yet to fully recover from all the chaos, and there's no one available to handle this emergency. Fortunately, there is an office worker in the Sky-Faring Commission who jumped on a starskiff and flew to the sky dome to carry out an emergency fix
:'''Xikui:''' But that starskiff also broke down during the rescue (probably due to the yinyang phenomena again) and lost contact over Stargazer Navalia. It may have been forced to land or even crashed
:'''Xikui:''' I've already informed the Cloud Knights to send reinforcements asap
:'''Xikui:''' But one second can mean the difference between life and death for this kind of thing. Can you folks please go take a look first?
:{Choice} "You folks"?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' "You folks"? Is there someone else here?
::'''Xikui:''' Yes, Mr. Yang is also nearby
::'''Xikui:''' I've also contacted him
:{Choice} Where's the crash site?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Where did the starskiff crash?
::'''Xikui:''' I'm still trying to find out
::'''Xikui:''' Your friend, Mr. Yang, is also nearby. I've already contacted him
:'''Xikui:''' Anyways, try to find a vantage point in Stargazer Navalia and use a cycrane to locate the starskiff, I'm counting on you folks
:'''Xikui:''' Also... this office worker is a bit special
:'''Xikui:''' I implore you both to do everything in your power to save her life
}}
----

===You there? I have...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Xikui:''' You there? I have something I need your help with, {{MC|f=beautiful|m=handsome}}
:{Choice} Pray tell
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm around. Pray tell, what can I help with?
::'''Xikui:''' Oh, don't say it so formally! You make it sound like we're strangers
:{Choice} It'd be my honor
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I would go to the end of the earth for you, Miss Xikui
::'''Xikui:''' Oh, it's nothing that serious
:{Choice} What's the pay?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I can definitely help. Compensation is the key, though
::'''Xikui:''' I like how straightforward you are
::'''Xikui:''' Don't worry. You'll get paid for your work! I won't dare to give you less than what you deserve when Madam Yukong likes you so much
:'''Xikui:''' Now, due to the unusual yinyang phenomena brought by the Ambrosial Arbor's revival, many of Heron Express' cycranes and freight starskiffs have had accidents and a great number of goods were lost
:'''Xikui:''' They want to send their staff to retrieve these lost goods, but you know... it's not very safe out there right now
:'''Xikui:''' The Sky-Faring Commission plans to send people who are skilled at controlling cycranes, trustworthy, and have had some military training to help them
:{Choice} I'm not good at this...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm not skilled at controlling cycranes...
::'''Xikui:''' You're too humble. I realized you're different to everyone else from the moment you controlled the cycrane to save Madam Yukong's daughter
:{Choice} Can I be trusted?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' We have only known each other for a few days, yet you already have so much trust in me. I feel flustered...
::'''Xikui:''' You are the hero who saved Madam Yukong's daughter! Even if I were to lose my trust in the general, I would never lose my trust in you
:{Choice} I wasn't trained...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Since when did I get military training...
::'''Xikui:''' You didn't receive any military training, and yet performed so well when you saved Madam Yukong's daughter. It just goes to show your outstanding talent and capacity
:'''Xikui:''' Come on, stop saying no. You are THE ONE for this task
:'''Xikui:''' Heron Express sent over a contact person. She's waiting for you at the doors of the Sky-Faring Commission
:'''Xikui:''' Come over quickly. Don't let them wait too long
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}