<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Boardtop Theater#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26101
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_31.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 147
}}
'''Boardtop Theater''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Pay with the Titans' blessing.
|result_1 = Place Equations on Talanton's scale

|choice_2 = Pay forth gleaming riches.
|result_2 = Place Cosmic Fragments on Talanton's scale

|choice_3 = Pay with strange treasures.
|result_3 = Place Curios on Talanton's scale

|choice_4 = Exchange divine gifts for the shield.
|result_4 = Discard 1 Equation(s) of 1-star rarity. Enter battle, and gain 2 Equation(s) of 1-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_5 = Exchange divine gifts for the spear.
|result_5 = Discard 1 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity. Enter a difficult battle, and gain 2 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_6 = Exchange divine gifts for the chariot.
|result_6 = Discard 1 Equation(s) of 3-star rarity. Enter an extremely difficult battle, and gain 2 Equation(s) of 3-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_7 = Exchange wealth for a dagger.
|result_7 = Discard 300 Cosmic Fragments. Enter battle, and gain 600 Cosmic Fragments if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_8 = Exchange wealth for a bow and some arrows.
|result_8 = Discard 400 Cosmic Fragments. Enter battle, and gain 800 Cosmic Fragments if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_9 = Exchange wealth for an opportunity.
|result_9 = Discard 500 Cosmic Fragments. Enter an extremely difficult battle, and gain 1,000 Cosmic Fragments if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_10 = Exchange treasures for a revelation.
|result_10 = Discard 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity. Enter battle, and gain 2 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_11 = Exchange treasures for a strategy.
|result_11 = Discard 1 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity. Enter battle, and gain 2 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_12 = Exchange treasures for a surprise attack.
|result_12 = Discard 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity. Enter an extremely difficult battle, and gain 2 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles

|choice_13 = Leave.
|result_13 = Leave this place

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself on a strange chessboard. Two hazy figures sway above, throwing out wooden sticks from their hands in order, and moving your position. Your body is round and smooth, just like... a Cyclicality chesspiece.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Fate Titans' disciples model their actions after yours, emulating the change between life and reincarnation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You leap quickly across the chessboard, from the snow-laden northern domain to the center of the Chrysos War. You begin to question the role you are playing. Meanwhile, another chesspiece stands at the other end of the battlefield. Oh, you're both now generals of two opposing city-states, about to engage in an intense battle!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Talanton above, what is the price you're willing to pay for victory?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pay with the Titans' blessing. &mdash; Place Equations on Talanton's scale
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You know this bet to be somewhat dangerous &mdash; even your hand holding the chesspiece is trembling. But your courage will earn a Titan's response.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange divine gifts for the shield. &mdash; Discard 1 Equation(s) of 1-star rarity. Enter battle, and gain 2 Equation(s) of 1-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange divine gifts for the spear. &mdash; Discard 1 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity. Enter a difficult battle, and gain 2 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange divine gifts for the chariot. &mdash; Discard 1 Equation(s) of 3-star rarity. Enter an extremely difficult battle, and gain 2 Equation(s) of 3-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The two chess players toss out their wooden sticks at the same time. The fate of the battle will hinge on only these two pieces.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pay forth gleaming riches. &mdash; Place Cosmic Fragments on Talanton's scale
::'''Simulated Universe:''' On the field, wealth is most insignificant. You are raring for action, ready to knock the enemy off the chessboard.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange wealth for a dagger. &mdash; Discard 300 Cosmic Fragments. Enter battle, and gain 600 Cosmic Fragments if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange wealth for a bow and some arrows. &mdash; Discard 400 Cosmic Fragments. Enter battle, and gain 800 Cosmic Fragments if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange wealth for an opportunity. &mdash; Discard 500 Cosmic Fragments. Enter an extremely difficult battle, and gain 1,000 Cosmic Fragments if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The two chess players toss out their wooden sticks at the same time. The fate of the battle will hinge on only these two pieces.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pay with strange treasures. &mdash; Place Curios on Talanton's scale
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You offer the treasure in your hands, akin to a priest of the Temple of the Three Fates beseeching the Titans for protection.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange treasures for a revelation. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity. Enter battle, and gain 2 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange treasures for a strategy. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity. Enter battle, and gain 2 Curio(s) of 2-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange treasures for a surprise attack. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity. Enter an extremely difficult battle, and gain 2 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity if you defeat enemies in 3 Cycles
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The two chess players toss out their wooden sticks at the same time. The fate of the battle will hinge on only these two pieces.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; Leave this place
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Boardtop Theater
|zhs  = 棋中戏
|zht  = 棋中戲
|ja   = {{Rubi|盤上劇|ばんじょうげき}}
|ko   = 대국 속 연희
|es   = Juego de tablero
|fr   = Jeu dans le jeu
|ru   = Театр в шахматах
|th   = เกมเดินหมาก
|vi   = Vở Kịch Trong Ván Cờ
|de   = Schachoper
|id   = Teater Papan Atas
|pt   = Teatro de Tabuleiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}