{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 390101-0
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Unknown Event 390101-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You have been stuck in the Mourning Cave for ages... You have become unkempt, with a weary look in your eyes. If anyone were to come and help you at this moment, you would see them as your salvation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As you are contemplating whether to save yourself by making an eye-catching sign as bright as the *Beacon Coloring Paste*, you hear an ancient and beautiful song - The song, as refreshing as the clear rain, soothes your soul like a pot of honey tea.
:;(Increase Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The knight offers you a flower.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You receive it... The petals of Beauty melt your heart.
::;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:;(Decrease Cognition Value by 20)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' After rescuing you from danger, the Knights of Beauty are reluctant to leave. One of the knights thinks you are a fan of Curios...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The knight gives you his Curio.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I hope you're satisfied with my help," the Knight of Beauty says reverently.
::;(Obtain 1 cheat chance(s))
::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = dev_测试用事件
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
