<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Special Discount#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 22401
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Contest.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 106
}}
'''Special Discount''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Show it how strong you are.

|choice_1_1 = You better reconsider.

|choice_1_1_1 = The vending machine spits out the product.
|result_1_1_1 = Receive 3 random Blessing(s).

|choice_1_2 = Is this enough?

|choice_1_2_1 = The vending machine displays a discount.
|result_1_2_1 = Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments and gain 2 random Blessing(s).

|choice_1_2_2 = It's too expensive.
|result_1_2_2 = You choose to leave.

|choice_1_3 = Do me a favor.

|choice_1_3_1 = The vending machine displays the price.
|result_1_3_1 = Spend 200 Cosmic Fragments and gain 2 random Blessing(s).

|choice_1_3_2 = I want freebies!
|result_1_3_2 = Enter a difficult battle. After victory, gain 2 random Blessing(s).

|choice_2 = Can't beat it. Time to run!
|result_2 = Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stroll through the stark and bare ruins, where particle obliterator worms devoured everything on this land during the Interstellar Energy War. Not even soil or rocks remain on its lifeless pallid surface. All that remains is a lonely vending machine.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The vending machine carries out its duties with great pride. That is until your arrival destroys its luxury of never having to work.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Logic: This machine is still in wartime management mode. Please prove that you have a higher investment value and greater chance of victory than your adversaries."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "This machine will evaluate the standards of your service based on your investment value."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Or else, this machine will have justifiable cause to decide that supporting you will not stand to maximize the benefit for IPC and reject your request. Beep. Beep. Commencing your combat capability test."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Show it how strong you are. &mdash; Only victors are worth investing in.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Beep. Beep. Test has begun. Please leave the scanning area."
::{{DIcon|Star}} You better reconsider. &mdash; Demonstrate your domineering combat power.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The bright light of the vending machine engulfed you as the client data evaluation process caused the ancient machine to rattle and clang.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Beep... Your plan has been drafted. Please enjoy your personalized service."
:::{{DIcon|Star}} The vending machine spits out the product. &mdash; Receive 3 random Blessing(s).
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The vending machine falls silent. For the first time in your life, you realize that machines have a habit of bullying the weak and fearing the strong, too.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Is this enough? &mdash; Demonstrate your average combat power.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The bright light of the vending machine engulfed you as the client data evaluation process caused the ancient machine to rattle and clang.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Beep... Your plan has been drafted. Please enjoy your personalized service."
:::{{DIcon|Star}} The vending machine displays a discount. &mdash; Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments and gain 2 random Blessing(s).
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' This just goes to show that fists are the universal currency.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} It's too expensive. &mdash; You choose to leave.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' One day, you'll make it beg you to buy its goods.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Do me a favor. &mdash; Demonstrate your feeble combat power.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The bright light of the vending machine engulfed you as the client data evaluation process caused the ancient machine to rattle and clang.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Beep... Your plan has been drafted. Please enjoy your personalized service."
:::{{DIcon|Star}} The vending machine displays the price. &mdash; Spend 200 Cosmic Fragments and gain 2 random Blessing(s).
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Expensive things are expensive for a good reason," you tell yourself, trying to find comfort.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} I want freebies! &mdash; Enter a difficult battle. After victory, gain 2 random Blessing(s).
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Due to the ownership clauses, any threatening behavior towards this machine will be seen as a declaration of war against the IPC &mdash; battle mode activated."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Can't beat it. Time to run! &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Special Discount
|zhs  = 特别优惠
|zht  = 特別優惠
|ja   = {{Rubi|特別割引|とくべつわりびき}}
|ko   = 특별 할인
|es   = Descuento especial
|fr   = Offre spéciale
|ru   = Особая скидка
|th   = ลดราคาพิเศษ
|vi   = Ưu Đãi Đặc Biệt
|de   = Sonderangebot
|id   = Diskon Spesial
|pt   = Desconto Especial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}