<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Punklorde Mentality#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000703
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Punklorde Mentality.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Stellaron Hunters (Companion Mission Chapter)
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Screwllum; Silver Wolf; Silver Wolf (?); Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Stellar Jade*100; Traveler's Guide*5; Refined Aether*5; Credit*100,000
}}
'''''Punklorde Mentality''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Stellaron Hunters (Companion Mission Chapter)|Stellaron Hunters]].

==Steps==
# Go deep into the Simulated Universe
# Find the Aether Cartridge's data
# Go deep into the Simulated Universe
# Find the Aether Cartridge's data
# Reach the deepest depth of the data chain
# Go deep into the Simulated Universe

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go deep into the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--200070301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Supply Zone|With Screwllum's help, you entered the Return Sequences of the Simulated Universe. Unsurprisingly, Silver Wolf's infiltration had reached here.<br />You have a hunch about this game hidden beneath the surface, and it will be revealed and resolved at the end of this adventure.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{Black Screen|You feel a ripple, a great weightlessness that makes you lose control of your limbs, and in a flurry of symbols and code, you wake up with a jolt &mdash; this is the Simulated Universe.}}
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 168 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 168 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' {{MC|f=Young madam|m=Young sir}}, are you alright?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm fine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's sound?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 169.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' That's the communication module doing its job &mdash; Herta often speaks of it as an expensive and impractical function. She often shuts it off to increase calculating power.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 170.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' However, I maintain that the voice carries greater emotional charge than the written word.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where are you?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 171.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I'll be staying on the outside &mdash; I need to make sure the system projections remain stable. Mr. Leonard is here as well. There's no need to worry. We will guarantee your safety.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 172.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You are now inside the data link of the Aether Cartridge. Look around and tell me what you discover.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uh... that hacker is right in front of me...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think I'm hallucinating...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 173.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' That is a normal reaction. Most organic lifeforms will experience discomfort after undergoing beacon projection. What do you see?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That hacker is right in front of me...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 174.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Hacker?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 175.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Oh...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 176.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Conclusion: That is a holographic record that the Simulated Universe has created. In here, regardless of how large or small, all variables are saved, including outsider traces.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 177.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You were right. The enemy's invasion has spread to the deepest parts of the Simulated Universe. They were only a hair away from the Aether Cartridge's data link. What we are seeing are the projections of what happened in those moments.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 178 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 178 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' {{MC|f=Young madam|m=Young sir}}, please stay still. Allow me to see what I can do with this record...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 103.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Hey, you, why are you staring at me?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It... speaks!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a real person?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did you do?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 179.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I initiated the Simulation flow. This is just a record of the past &mdash; she's not actually talking to you.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 180.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Please listen and don't interrupt her. We may be able to find out more of what we need to know.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 104.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "First off, I'm not obsessed with it. On Punklorde, the stories of the cartridge are no different from textbooks. I'm not interested in something that everybody already knows about."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 105.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Secondly, it's not some kind of video game cartridge. It's an Aether Cartridge &mdash; it's the second pair of eyes, second brain, and second heart of the hacker."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 106.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Do you understand what that actually means? With that cartridge, if a guy went to a movie premiere and bought some mixed popcorn, you'd be able to know the flavor of the fourth kernel he picked out of the bucket. It's truly amazing."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 107.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Lastly, I'm gonna say it again &mdash; I'm not obsessed with it. The reason I'm still rambling about it is to make sure that you know how amazing it really is. Do you get it now, Kafka?"
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 108.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Alright, let's get going. We have to move quickly. This place is different from the rest of the space station. We're on Genius Society turf."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 181.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It is safe to assume that two people entered the Simulated Universe &mdash; her, and her companion.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 182.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Interesting. Let's see what happened next.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 183.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You are now taking the point of view of the companion. She will react to your behavior now.
----
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 109.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Fork in the road, huh? I got this."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 110.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Wanna pick one first? Give your beloved instincts a try..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is she telling me to choose?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 184.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Technically, she is asking her companion to choose. The record will continue forward even if you don't take any action.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She talks a lot.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 185.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It's a nice thing to have a companion who likes to talk, isn't it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this still just... a record?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 186.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Yes. This is a visual record. No doubt about it.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 111.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Wrong choice &mdash; the correct answer is the path on the right!"
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 112.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "What? Why won't you believe me? I told you, it's the right side, the right!"

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 16
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 400002
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the Aether Cartridge's data{{subst:void|<!--200070306-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Occurrence)
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 113.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Hmm, not what we're looking for. It's a bait signal."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 114.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Ugh, why would Herta put something like this inside the Simulated Universe? Doesn't she find it annoying when she has to find something herself?"
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 115.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Never mind, I miscalculated. Let's try another sector."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It doesn't seem to be going well.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 187.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' She's actually on the correct path. She just needs to continue a little further &mdash; I trust that she too will realize this soon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope she doesn't...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 188.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Indeed. However, objectively speaking, it is almost certain that she will.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you so sure?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 189.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' What has happened is destined to happen again &mdash; that was my conclusion after having met her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know her really well.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 190.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' We've met only once.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 191.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Stellaron Hunter, Silver Wolf. We've fought against one another before. Herta was there as well &mdash; she may have mentioned it to you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I recall that you won...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 192.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' From my point of view, it wasn't a victory.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I recall that she won...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 193.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' In Herta's words, there was no loser in that fight.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I recall that it was a draw...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 194.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It was more like a test than a duel. She would attack, and I would defend &mdash; neither of us gave it our all. She wasn't able to break through my defenses and I wasn't able to stop her from leaving.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 195.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I never thought our next meeting would take place under these circumstances. I believe the continuation of our last encounter will soon arrive.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 116.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "What the... This was the right way all along. Ugh, Herta's got some psychological tactics going on."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 196.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Seems like we can now continue forward.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go deep into the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--200070307-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 117.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Oh, back to the space station again. A riddle? Where's the skip button?"
:<!--2-second delay-->
----
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropTriggerAnimState",
	"AnimStateName": "Activing",
	"TransitionDuration": 0.05,
	"FixedTransitionDuration": true,
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 5
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300009
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<!--2-second delay-->
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropReqInteract",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 5
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300009
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"InteractID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 1010
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 118.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Finally, almost there. Ha, there's even a miniature Herta over here."
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the Aether Cartridge's data{{subst:void|<!--200070313-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Herta)
----
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 119.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "A little narcissistic, isn't she? The whole space station is filled with her face &mdash; portraits, statues, even projections of herself."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 120.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "I was planning on adding a mustache for her but the spray didn't work &mdash; the entire space station feels like it's made of paper but her portrait is near indestructible."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 197.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Hehe, she's talking about that portrait in the elevator room, no? Herta commissioned me to design an encryption tool for her &mdash; seems she ended up using it on her portrait.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She said she's almost at the destination?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 198.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' That's correct. The Aether Cartridge data is in the next room. Our pursuit is coming to an end.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a strange feeling about this...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a wonderful feeling about this...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 199.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Yes. That incongruous feeling has persisted throughout this long pursuit.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 200.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' She came for the Stellaron but showed a strong interest in the curios... And just as we found out about the existence of the Aether Cartridge, she just so happened to show up in the Simulated Universe.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 201.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I must admit, this feels less like a chase and more like a chance encounter.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 202.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I recall a story about Punklorde. It is said that graffiti is a special kind of symbol there. Hackers see reality as a magnificent game and attempt to finish the stage we know as "life."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 203.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Whether it be for competition or for joy, they leave a trail in the places they visit. One symbol after another link up to become a long, long journey that writes the game of life.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 204.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' And would this ongoing affair not be part of such an endeavour? Perhaps this is all nothing more than a game she's decided to play with us...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 205.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' ...in which case &mdash; let us accompany her till the end.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Reach the deepest depth of the data chain{{subst:void|<!--200070314-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 206.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Look, we found it. The Aether Cartridge is here and it's perfectly intact.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Something's not right...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 207.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' There is an unwelcome third party here with us.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 208.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' If what we are seeing constitutes past images of Silver Wolf, then for her to have made it this far would've entailed the disappearance of the cartridge. We can only assume that the facts don't align with the theory.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 209.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I believe that she was indeed able to hack into Herta's office, but she didn't stay there for very long.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 210.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' After all, even the best hacker wouldn't be able to find a specified target in the vast ocean of the Simulated Universe's data. Unless...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 121.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Unless she had someone to guide her there."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It... speaks!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 122 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 122 f.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Ha, you wanna explain it to {{MC|f=her|m=him}} first? I can see the confusion in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} eyes."
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 211 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 211 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' The final results are on the display table, {{MC|f=young madam|m=young sir}}. Take a closer look if you wish, we have plenty of time left. I will answer any questions that you may have.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So she's actually...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 212.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You've guessed correctly. The person that stands before you is tonight's starring role.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 213.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' She left herself a back door in the office, performed a proxy hack the moment you entered the Simulated Universe, and found a way to continue alongside us.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 214.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I must say, she really is a masterful actor. Misdirection is always the most effective method.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So, the graffiti was bait?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 215.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' The graffiti is like a two-way data tunnel. You can use it to retrace the trail she leaves behind, and she can monitor your progress by seeing which pieces of graffiti have disappeared.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 216.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I fear she may well have had the whole thing planned out before hacking the space station. The graffiti and the back door were all in aid of honing in on just the right moment.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You knew everything from the start?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 217.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I'm sorry &mdash; Herta forbade me from disclosing any information beforehand. She made clear that knowledge would not be paramount to this operation, but rather the lack of it.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 218.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' However, the way I see it, the most important elements were dedication and sincerity &mdash; the actions of Mr. Leonard drew the target right in.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 219.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Well then, were you satisfied with this Simulated Universe journey...
:;(Screen fades to black)
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 220.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' ...Miss Silver Wolf?
::----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 123.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' Hmph, you knew it all along, didn't you?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 124.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' I knew it would be hard to fool you. All that talk you were spouting along the way was meant for me, wasn't it?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 221.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It is a joy and an honor to have the opportunity to face off against you once again. Herta said that this cartridge would be able to lure in the biggest fishes in the universe &mdash; she was right.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 125.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' So, the business about shutting down the Universe and the argument with Herta was all just an act? You did all that to lure me in?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 222.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' That is up to you to interpret &mdash; Herta and I have always been frank with one another. Sharp conversations of that nature happen on a regular basis. It wouldn't be fitting to call it an act.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 126.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' Hmph.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 223.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Miss Silver Wolf is truly a talented hacker. Not only did she calculate everything ahead of time, she has numerous variables and aces still to play.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 224.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' News of my sudden visit to the space station was probably the only uncontrollable variable in her plan &mdash; and with my arrival came the nightmare of shutting down the Simulated Universe. That would have ruined her plans and all her preparations.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's why she had to take the risk.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's why she had to take the opportunity before it was lost.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 225.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You now know everything about this encounter.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 127.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' Everything? No, no, you're wrong about the most important part.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 128.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' You think I came here out of desperation, but I've been bursting with excitement this whole time. Do you know how happy I was when you showed up, Screwllum?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 129.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' I haven't had the thrill of a formidable opponent in such a long time... The Legion is nothing but a bunch of cavemen, and the IPC were a disappointment. Only the Society has the talent to provide me with a fun challenge.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 130.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' Reality is nothing but a game... but what's the point of a game if it can't make you happy? An invitation letter and a challenge letter were sent to me from two geniuses. How could I not accept them? Would you have turned them down?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 226.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You're confident you will be able to get out of this in one piece.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 131.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf:''' That's right, and I'm bringing this with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Aether Cartridge?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When did you...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 227.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Oh, a copy. You completed it while we were talking just now?
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go deep into the Simulated Universe{{subst:void|<!--200070302-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 117.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Oh, back to the space station again. A riddle? Where's the skip button?"
:<!--2-second delay-->
----
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropTriggerAnimState",
	"AnimStateName": "Activing",
	"TransitionDuration": 0.05,
	"FixedTransitionDuration": true,
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 5
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300009
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<!--2-second delay-->
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 silverwolf 118.ogg}} '''Silver Wolf (?):''' "Finally, almost there. Ha, there's even a miniature Herta over here."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Punklorde Mentality
|zhs  = 朋克洛德精神
|zht  = 龐克洛德精神
|ja   = パンクロード精神
|ko   = 펑크 로드 스피릿
|es   = Mentalidad de Punklorde
|fr   = Mentalité punklordienne
|ru   = Дух Панклорда
|th   = Punklorde Mentality
|vi   = Tinh Thần Punklorde
|de   = Mental Punklorde
|id   = Punklorde Mentality
|pt   = Mentalidade de Punklorde
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
