<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Punklorde Mentality#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000704
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Punklorde Mentality.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Stellaron Hunters (Companion Mission Chapter)
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Punklorde Mentality]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Leonard; Screwllum; Silver Wolf; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = 
|next          = Sealed Sector
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Stellar Jade*100; Traveler's Guide*5; Refined Aether*5; Credit*100,000
}}
'''''Punklorde Mentality''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Stellaron Hunters (Companion Mission Chapter)|Stellaron Hunters]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Herta
# Talk with Screwllum
# Talk with Leonard
# Clear out the last graffiti

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Herta{{subst:void|<!--200070401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Herta's Office|At this point, the incident has finally come to an end. You are not surprised by this outcome &mdash; rather, this is now more in line with your perception of the Herta Space Station.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Herta)
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 113.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Hmph, a flawless victory &mdash; hope you caught a glimpse of Herta's awesomeness, kiddo.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was it all part of your plan?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 114.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Naturally.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As expected of Madam Herta.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 115.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Mhm, make sure you never forget about it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why make it so complicated?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 116.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You think this was complicated? Do you think the Punklorde hackers are amateurs?
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 117.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I couldn't care less about what happened with the space station, but I will surely repay the favor tenfold to anyone who dares to taunt me.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 118.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I already notified someone at the IPC to freeze all her accounts. She's probably crying in front of her computer right now. Hahaha!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--200070402-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 240 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 240 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Thank you, {{MC|f=young madam|m=young sir}}. Your and Mr. Leonard's contributions were a necessity to our victory.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 241.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Do you have any other questions regarding this incident?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is Silver Wolf truly after?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 242.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Her ultimate goal was always the Aether Cartridge, but she developed an alternative objective in challenging Herta and me in the process.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 243.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' All those complicated puzzles and unnecessary ploys... nothing more than "games," I'll wager.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Will the space station be invaded again?
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 244.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' If you are referring to the back doors Silver Wolf left behind, we have cleared out all of them except for the one in the office.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 245.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Don't worry, the space station is not as fragile as you think. Whether it's Cosmic Warfare or the incident that just took place, they're all within Herta's grand plan.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask about something else...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 246.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Please, ask away.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you still shut down the Simulated Universe?
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 247.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Certainly not.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 248.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Although Madam Herta and I have our differences in terms of research direction, the Simulated Universe is our shared pursuit and nothing will change that.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 249.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' On the contrary, I plan on staying here for a while to see up close what kind of surprises the new branch of the Universe has in store for me.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is the ultimate meaning of the existence of the Universe?
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 250.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' There is no one answer to that question, my friend. It holds a different meaning for everyone.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 251.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' To sentimental organic lifeforms, it could be the first falling leaf in the change of seasons, or the marks carved onto someone through the passage of time.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 252.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' To The Swarm, that follows its instincts, it might be the sight of fresh meat in their compound eyes and the restless thirst for sustenance.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 253.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' And for me, perhaps the image of symbols woven together &mdash; still able to move the heart... something great that you call emotions.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 254.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Of course, I've also heard that the answer is nothing more than a two-digit number.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you plan on having for dinner?
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 255.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' A medium rare Katol steak, salt-baked Kalia lemongrass, Herman compound milk, and a portion of fried rice prepared by a certain young man on the station.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 256.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' All I need is energy. The form that energy comes in is the same as it is for you.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 257.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I would never foresake the delights of the culinary world in the interests of efficiency. Now, it is possible that my joints may need a little lubricant every now and again...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 258 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 258 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Well, {{MC|f=young madam|m=young sir}}, our destination may differ, but there are still countless opportunities for our paths to cross. The pursuit of knowledge will always be the best driving force for trailblazing.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Leonard{{subst:void|<!--200070403-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Leonard)
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 staffAG 259.ogg}} '''Leonard:''' So the reason Madam Herta wanted me to continue the investigation was to lure her out of hiding...? That never crossed my mind. Did she know about the traps the hacker left in the space station from the very beginning?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You were the most fitting person.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You were the most fitting bait.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 staffAG 260.ogg}} '''Leonard:''' Ha! She said I did a good job.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 staffAG 261.ogg}} '''Leonard:''' Can you believe it, I've just been acknowledged by Madam Herta! This is something I'll remember for the rest of my life!
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 staffAG 262.ogg}} '''Leonard:''' I don't have to worry about being fired anymore.
----
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 25
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 25
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300002
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 259.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' This chapter has come to a conclusion. Come, let us close the final back door.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Clear out the last graffiti{{subst:void|<!--200070404-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Punklorde Mentality
|zhs  = 朋克洛德精神
|zht  = 龐克洛德精神
|ja   = パンクロード精神
|ko   = 펑크 로드 스피릿
|es   = Mentalidad de Punklorde
|fr   = Mentalité punklordienne
|ru   = Дух Панклорда
|th   = Punklorde Mentality
|vi   = Tinh Thần Punklorde
|de   = Mental Punklorde
|id   = Punklorde Mentality
|pt   = Mentalidade de Punklorde
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
