<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Punklorde Mentality#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000702
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Punklorde Mentality.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Stellaron Hunters (Companion Mission Chapter)
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Punklorde Mentality]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Screwllum; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = 
|next          = Sealed Sector
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Stellar Jade*100; Traveler's Guide*5; Refined Aether*5; Credit*100,000
}}
'''''Punklorde Mentality''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Stellaron Hunters (Companion Mission Chapter)|Stellaron Hunters]].

==Steps==
# Go to Herta's Office
# Talk with Screwllum
# Enter the Simulated Universe with Screwllum's help
# (Optional) Talk to Leonard
# Enter the Simulated Universe with Screwllum's help

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to Herta's Office{{subst:void|<!--200070201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Herta's Office|Silver Wolf's path of infiltration eventually leads to Herta's office. After giving it some thoughts, Leonard and you decide to tell this bad news to Herta herself.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 7
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"DestroyList": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 2
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"DestroyList": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--200070203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Herta's Office|update|Silver Wolf's path of infiltration eventually leads to Herta's office. After giving it some thoughts, Leonard and you decide to tell this bad news to Herta herself.<br />However, the moment you entered the office, you got a surprise...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 120 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 120 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' My apologies, {{MC|f=madam|m=sir}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's with her?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Never expected to see that kind of expression on her face.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 121.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' This all started with me &mdash; I was the one that brought up the request to end our academic collaboration. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Herta or the project. The Simulated Universe is a great experiment and Herta is a true genius.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 122.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' However, we have our differences when it comes down to our long-term vision for the future. These differences will often manifest into bias, and bias will get in the way of the formulation of knowledge.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 123.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Deep down, I want to continue to believe in Herta... the question is whether one should end a collaboration that no longer holds true to its initial intent. From an objective standpoint, I should end it immediately.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 124.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Are you worried about her mental state?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A little.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 125.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Judging by the result, I have failed to choose the most suitable time to raise this matter.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not at all.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 126.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Then I'm glad I haven't caused you vexation on her behalf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm more worried about the mental state of the researchers.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 127.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Thank you for the humor. It is good for tense moments like these.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 128.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' The emotions of organic life are like tides &mdash; it is my fault for not noticing the trajectory of the moon. Let Herta be alone for a while so she can calm her emotions. It'll be beneficial for our negotiations later as well.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 129.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' As for the Simulated Universe... If that's the reason you're here, maybe I can help in answering your questions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Explain what happened)
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 130.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Hmm. Search: Bonfire in the depths of the woods. A lone stone sword points to the stars... "Punklorde Mentality"? That is no ordinary curio, my friend.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 131 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 131 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' That is a love letter a Galaxy Ranger has written for the universe. {{MC|f=Young madam|m=Young sir}}, how much do you know about Punklorde?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've heard of it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't know much.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nobody, and I mean nobody, knows more about Punklorde than I do.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 132.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Hehe, conversing with you is truly a delightful experience.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 133.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It is a planet made of data and symbols. The edges of reality and illusion are blurred in Punklorde, as are its days and nights.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 134.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' An "Aether Cartridge" is a chip that Punklordian hackers use to edit reality. The ways through which a hacker perceives and modifies the world are recorded on the chip.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 135.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It's a recording of the hacker's life and proof of their existence. The one on the space station belonged to someone truly legendary.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 136.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' He became a Galaxy Ranger by accident and spent many long years traveling among the stars. He encountered countless fascinating individuals and saw wonders witnessed by few.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 137.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Many of the records and details recorded therein are beyond the knowledge of even the IPC and the Intelligentsia Guild. That is why it became part of the masses of calculation data for the Simulated Universe.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 138.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Yes. No need to worry, my friend. The cartridge has never left the space station.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 139.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' It's as I said – it is a very important reference for the Simulated Universe &mdash; that is why its data has been extracted and added to the calculations of the universe model.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 140.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Herta was probably impulsive and added the cartridge into the simulation without telling anyone, resulting in the item being listed as lost.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So it was a false alarm...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm still a little worried...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That person could've gotten into the office...
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 141.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I understand your concern. If the individual in question did indeed try to hack into Herta's office, then the Simulated Universe is undoubtedly her next target.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 142 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 142 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' As such, please allow me to offer my limited abilities to assist you with your investigation, {{MC|f=madam|m=sir}}.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 143.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' As you already know, the Simulated Universe will be shut down temporarily. It will remain shut until Herta and I come to a clear conclusion.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 144.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Yes, this is the last chance to investigate the cartridge data.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 145.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' By way of apology for shutting down the Simulated Universe, I will use my abilities in the Universe to provide you with what assistance I can.
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 146.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' This is my recommendation. Please take your time to consider it.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Enter the Simulated Universe with Screwllum's help{{subst:void|<!--200070204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Herta's Office|update|Screwllum's visit was to terminate the Simulated Universe project, how surprising! Thankfully, the robot gentleman is an open-minded individual, and he is more than happy to provide you with whatever help you need in your investigation before shutting down the system for good.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Screwllum)
----
:{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 147 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 147 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Well, {{MC|f=madam|m=sir}}, are you ready?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I've got something to ask you...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 148.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Please, ask away. I welcome all forms of curiosity and the pursuit of knowledge.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you really shutting down the Simulated Universe?
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 149.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Yes. There are other concerns besides those I've mentioned.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 150.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I believe that the miracles inside the Simulated Universe have the right to grow and develop organically. The will of others shouldn't be imposed upon it, just like in the actual universe.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 151.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' The more Herta tries, the further she moves away from the Universe that she had hoped for. Conclusion: The endless iterations of the Simulated Universe are wearing down her talents, day by day.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 152.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I hope to free my dear friend from it.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 153 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 153 f.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Nevertheless, I must also clarify that this is my opinion alone. You should form your own judgment on Herta, {{MC|f=young madam|m=young sir}}.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the Galaxy Rangers that you speak of?
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 154.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' They are a group that carries a balance scale with them at all times. They believe all the justice in the universe needs to be achieved through individual deeds.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then, what's the love letter for the universe?
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 155.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' That was the most suitable way of describing the Galaxy Rangers in my interpretation.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 156.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' They are directed by the Path of The Hunt and are always accompanied by song and the sound of horns. They pursue justice for the individuals and groups they encounter along the way, and shower them with splendid wines and poems.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 157.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' However, all stories come to an end, just as they disappeared from the spotlight long ago.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about Punklorde's hackers.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 158.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' There is a group of lifeforms there that know nothing of fatigue. They are attempting to touch upon the umbilical cord of the truth.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 159.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' They are compiling the languages, thoughts, and even emotions of the entire planet into symbols that even inorganic lifeforms can understand.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 160.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' You see, in the vast sea of data, life exists only in one form: A line of code. Whether it's a butterfly, a whale, or even you &mdash; the length of that line of code dictates the boundaries of what the entity entails.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, I'm actually a butterfly.
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 161.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I've always thought of you that way.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, I'm actually a whale.
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 162.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Please, it's only a metaphor.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, I'm actually data.
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 163.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Maybe the emotions of organic lifeforms are an expression of data, don't you think?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} That's all the questions I have...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's get going.
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 164.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Very well, get going we shall.
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 165.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I will be sending you into the Simulated Universe using an alternative method. It might feel a little different than usual.
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 166.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' This will help us quickly locate the cartridge in the vast sea of data. We'll start with this data link. Now, please prepare yourself for a deep dive with your consciousness...
:::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 4000301,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ALL_TALK_END"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm not ready yet...
::::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 167.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Take your time, I'll be waiting.
::::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's get going.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 164.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Very well, get going we shall.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 165.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' I will be sending you into the Simulated Universe using an alternative method. It might feel a little different than usual.
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 166.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' This will help us quickly locate the cartridge in the vast sea of data. We'll start with this data link. Now, please prepare yourself for a deep dive with your consciousness...
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 4000301,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ALL_TALK_END"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm not ready yet...
::{{A|VO side0 sw1 screwllum 167.ogg}} '''Screwllum:''' Take your time, I'll be waiting.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Talk to Leonard{{subst:void|<!--200070205-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Enter the Simulated Universe with Screwllum's help{{subst:void|<!--200070208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Herta's Office|update|Screwllum's visit is to terminate the Simulated Universe project. How surprising! Thankfully, the robot gentleman is an open-minded individual, and he is more than happy to provide you with whatever help you need in your investigation before shutting down the system for good.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Punklorde Mentality
|zhs  = 朋克洛德精神
|zht  = 龐克洛德精神
|ja   = パンクロード精神
|ko   = 펑크 로드 스피릿
|es   = Mentalidad de Punklorde
|fr   = Mentalité punklordienne
|ru   = Дух Панклорда
|th   = Punklorde Mentality
|vi   = Tinh Thần Punklorde
|de   = Mental Punklorde
|id   = Punklorde Mentality
|pt   = Mentalidade de Punklorde
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
