<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Walk Among the Tombstones#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1032201
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Walk Among the Tombstones.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Cat Among Pigeons
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aventurine; Himeko; March 7th; Trailblazer; Welt
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Clock Studios Theme Park]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Clock Studios Theme Park
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*900; Stellar Jade*110; Traveler's Guide*16; Flames Afar*1 { text = Flames Afar }; Kakavasha (Profile Picture)*1 { text = Kakavasha }; "Citizen Hanunue"*1 { text = "Citizen Hanunue" }; Credit*200,000
}}
'''''A Walk Among the Tombstones''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Cat Among Pigeons]].

==Steps==
# Get onstage and confront Aventurine

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Get onstage and confront Aventurine{{subst:void|<!--103220101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|Aventurine seems to have waited for quite some time on the stage in the center of Clock Studios Theme Park...<br />...Join this crazed gambler for a perfect collaborative performance that will blow everyone in Penacony away.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 232.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Ladies, gentlemen, dream seekers, tycoons, esteemed guests of the Watchmaker and The Family...
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 233.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' ...Also not forgetting the Nameless of the renowned Astral Express! Welcome to the Interastral Peace Corporation's live show!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_spotlight_on"
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 234.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Astral Express, you're late, and this... "unsought guest."
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 himeko 110.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' We've kept your appointment, Mr. Aventurine. It is customary to show yourself as well.
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 235.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' I will, naturally. But before that, I've got to introduce our guest of honor.
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 236 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 236 f.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Everyone give it up for... {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Stellaron!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're not here for any pageantry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does this have anything to do with the wanted murderer?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mommy, look! I'm on TV!
::{{A|VO chapter3 14 mar7th 113.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 welt 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 14 welt 112 f.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Let me remind you that in all likelihood, this stage and {{MC|f=her|m=his}} identity have nothing to do with the wanted murderer.
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 237.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Oh no, they do, of course they do. Otherwise, why would I work so hard to gain your trust and then invite you all here?
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 238 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 238 f.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Because {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is the only one who saw all three homicides. {{MC|f=She|m=He}} is the key to proving that The Family's "death does not exist in dreams" promise is nothing but a sham!
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 himeko 111.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Three homicides?
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 239.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' That's right, madam &mdash; the third one is about to happen right now, right here in Clock Studios Theme Park...
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 240.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|A truly grand death}}.
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 241 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 241 f.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' You, you, you, and you... All of you are going to die! And it's all because of you, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Stellaron...
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 242.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' ...You will become the personification of "Death."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you on about?
::{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 243.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' I thought my intent was crystal clear...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sure you're gonna survive this?
::{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 244.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Don't underestimate the Preservation. The cornerstone of the Amber Lord will surely guide me...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I ain't that powerful...
::{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 245.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Never underestimate yourself. Like I said, you have the power to turn the tide on the entire game...
:{{A|VO chapter3 14 aventurine 246.ogg}} '''Aventurine:''' Let me be a little clearer: I will detonate the Stellaron in you, and cause a teeny-tiny '''accident''' on Penacony...
:{{tx}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Always hide your ace with a straight face...
::I'm starting to get a bit impatient with you all.
::Friends, to fully relish this&mdash;
::I'm betting every last chip!
::Only by casting aside reason does one truly gamble...
::"Emanator"&mdash; I know you'll match my wager.
::Right?
;(Cutscene ends)
----
:{{tx}}
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::I wish to mourn the departed, weeping like rain, to swell the crossing stream...
::...as the tide arrives, leading you back home.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Walk Among the Tombstones
|zhs  = 行过死荫之地
|zht  = 行過死蔭之地
|ja   = 墓場を往く死の影
|ko   = 무덤으로 향하다
|es   = Un paseo por el reino de la muerte
|fr   = Promenade parmi les morts
|ru   = Прогулка среди могил
|th   = ฝ่าดินแดนแห่งความตาย
|vi   = Đi Qua Vùng Đất Chết
|de   = Grabspaziergang
|id   = Melintasi Tanah Kematian
|pt   = Um Passeio Entre as Lápides
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
