<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Walk Among the Tombstones#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1032001
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Walk Among the Tombstones.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Cat Among Pigeons
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Walk Among the Tombstones]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Sam; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|prev          = 
|next          = The Great Train Robbery
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*900; Stellar Jade*110; Traveler's Guide*16; Flames Afar*1 { text = Flames Afar }; Kakavasha (Profile Picture)*1 { text = Kakavasha }; "Citizen Hanunue"*1 { text = "Citizen Hanunue" }; Credit*200,000
}}
'''''A Walk Among the Tombstones''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Cat Among Pigeons]].

==Steps==
# Watch the epilogue (I)

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Watch the epilogue (I){{subst:void|<!--103200102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|Once again, the story of Penacony has come to an end. The play will soon reach its climax.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:...
:You try to open your eyes, but find only blackness before you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where is this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And whose POV is this?
;(Screen fades to black)
:Memories gradually resurface as time rewinds to a few minutes ago: Aventurine unleashes the final assault, pouring down a dazzling shower of chips, followed closely by Acheron drawing her blade, and then, *crash*&mdash;
:The indescribable force severs the power of Preservation, while time and space froze instantly. Your thoughts twist into a knot as your senses fail, with only gravity tearing at your mind as you plummet into boundless darkness...
:...until a fire engulfs you in its embrace.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes. I'm (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think someone saved me...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't matter. I need to get out of here.
:{{A|VO chapter3 15 sam 101.ogg}} '''Sam:''' ...You're awake.
:{{A|VO chapter3 15 sam 102.ogg}} '''Sam:''' I've been waiting on you for quite a while.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And you are...?
::{{A|VO chapter3 15 sam 103.ogg}} '''Sam:''' You've met me before &mdash; I'm Sam &mdash; the Stellaron Hunter.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just what's happening here?
::{{A|VO chapter3 15 sam 104.ogg}} '''Sam:''' A crevice between dreams. You've met me before &mdash; I'm Sam &mdash; a Stellaron Hunter.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's you... what have you done?
::{{A|VO chapter3 15 sam 105.ogg}} '''Sam:''' I didn't do anything but wait for you to wake up. You've met me before, I'm Sam &mdash; a Stellaron Hunter.
:{{A|VO chapter3 15 sam 106.ogg}} '''Sam:''' I originally planned on showing up earlier to reveal some truths to you.
:{{tx}}
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareVersionFinalMainMission","MainMissionID":1032101,"TaskEnabled":true,"IsClientOnly":true}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceEndBlackText",
	"TextEnabled": true,
	"TalkSentenceID": 100000005
}</pre>
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::This is to show to you...
::...all that I am.
;(Cutscene ends)
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Walk Among the Tombstones
|zhs  = 行过死荫之地
|zht  = 行過死蔭之地
|ja   = 墓場を往く死の影
|ko   = 무덤으로 향하다
|es   = Un paseo por el reino de la muerte
|fr   = Promenade parmi les morts
|ru   = Прогулка среди могил
|th   = ฝ่าดินแดนแห่งความตาย
|vi   = Đi Qua Vùng Đất Chết
|de   = Grabspaziergang
|id   = Melintasi Tanah Kematian
|pt   = Um Passeio Entre as Lápides
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
