{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Ruan Mei (Part 2)
|image         = Random Event 5.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei
}}
'''Ruan Mei (Part 2)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stumble into a familiar place. You look up and find her standing before an experiment bench. Holding an embroidered cloth with her left hand, she pulls the thread on the last needle with her right hand before gently biting it off.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "You've barged into my world slice once again." [[Ruan Mei]]'s voice is calm as she speaks with her back facing you. "I haven't finished cultivating my work yet."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' She hesitates for a few seconds before turning around to look at you... After a moment of tense silence, she sighs and steps down from the bench. The mouthwatering scent of snacks permeates the air. "Since you're here, take a look at these patterns for me, and pick the one you think is the perfect masterpiece."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "If you answer it correctly... you'll be rewarded."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The gear...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The puppet...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The pair of overalls...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Great choice. Don't sweat over it. There's no such thing as a perfect masterpiece in life. I was just testing the inclination of your heart." Ruan Mei returns to the bench. Her heels give off a crisp clacking sound when she walks. "Questions without a standard answer are created to search for the unattainable answers."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Here's your reward."
;(If [[Ruan Mei]] is in the active party){{Verify}}
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Ruan Mei|You are... Ruan Mei?|Enhance all Blessings. Gain 10 random Curio(s).}}
::{{DIcon|Star}} Worship Aeons. &mdash; Enhance all Blessings.
::;(Enhance 500 random 1-3 star Blessings)
::{{DIcon|Star}} Steal some goodies from [[Herta]]. &mdash; Obtain 10 random Curios.
::;(Obtain 10 random Normal Curios)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Worship Aeons. &mdash; Enhance all Blessings.
:;(Enhance 500 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Steal some goodies from Herta. &mdash; Obtain 10 random Curios.
:;(Obtain 10 random Normal Curios)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ruan Mei (Part 2)
|zhs  = 阮•梅（其二）
|zht  = 阮•梅（其二）
|ja   = ルアン・メェイ（2）
|ko   = 완•매 (2)
|es   = Ruan Mei II
|fr   = Ruan Mei (partie 2)
|ru   = Жуань Мэй II
|th   = Ruan Mei (2)
|vi   = Ruan Mei 2
|de   = Ruan Mei (Teil 2)
|id   = Ruan Mei (2)
|pt   = Ruan Mei (Parte 2)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
