<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" — Genius Society#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 20301
|title         = Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Genius Society
|image         = Occurrence Genius Society.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Unknown
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 011
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Genius Society''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I am organic.
|result_1 = Increase Intra-Cognition by 40.

|choice_2 = Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I am inorganic.
|result_2 = Decrease Intra-Cognition by 40.

|choice_3 = Pick a family element.
|result_3 = Obtain 1 point(s) in the countdown.

|choice_4 = Pick a friendship element.
|result_4 = Revive all downed characters and restore them to 100% HP.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Alright, everyone is here." Herta clears her throat and says, "We've finally gathered at the Cogito Hair Salon in the Mechanical City, though it's just a simulation! Now, let's get a haircut. Oops, sorry, we've got to talk about something while getting our hair done."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Affirmation: We need to constantly reaffirm our Intra-Cognition during our journey in the Simulated Universe," says Screwllum. "(Trailblazer), we wonder whether your Intra-Cognition has changed during this wonderful trip. If your Intra-Cognition is swayed by the test, you'll see yourself as a machine, and that's not what we hope to see."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I am organic. &mdash; Increase Intra-Cognition by 40.
:;(Increase Cognition Value by 40)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Adjust Intra-Cognition &mdash; I am inorganic. &mdash; Decrease Intra-Cognition by 40.
:;(Decrease Cognition Value by 40)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Conclusion: Some memories have resurfaced." Screwllum smiles and sinks deep in thought. "Once upon a time, when the organic and inorganic lives were not at odds, they would sometimes find themselves hardly distinguishable." He fishes out several components from his pocket. "These are emotional components, and some of my machine friends reside within them. You can pick one as your souvenir."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pick a family element. &mdash; Obtain 1 point(s) in the countdown.
:;(Obtain a random 2-star Blessing)
:;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pick a friendship element. &mdash; Revive all downed characters and restore them to 100% HP.
:;(Immediately revive all characters and restore them to 100% Max HP)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mechanical City "Cogito Hair Salon" &mdash; Genius Society
|zhs  = 机械城「认知理发馆」-&nbsp;天才俱乐部
|zht  = 機械城「認知理髮館」-&nbsp;天才俱樂部
|ja   = {{Rubi|機械城|きかいじょう}}「{{Rubi|認識理容所|にんしきりようしょ}}」-{{Rubi|天才|てんさい}}クラブ
|ko   = 기계 도시 「인지 미용실」 - 지니어스 클럽
|es   = Peluquería cognitiva de Ciudad Mecánica - Círculo de Genios
|fr   = Mechacité «&nbsp;Salon de coiffure Cogito&nbsp;» &mdash; Société des génies
|ru   = Салон «Сознание» Машинограда - Общество гениев
|th   = เมืองจักรกล "ร้านทำผม Cogito" - สมาคมอัจฉริยะ
|vi   = Thành Phố Máy Móc "Salon Tóc Nhận Thức" - CLB Thiên Tài
|de   = Mechanische Stadt: „Frisörsalon Cogito“ – Geniusgesellschaft
|id   = Kota Mekanik : "Cogito Hair Salon" - Genius Society
|pt   = Cidade Mecânica "Salão de Cabeleireiro Cogito" - Sociedade de Gênios
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}