<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The IPC Promotion Saga (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 14201-2
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence IPC.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 029
|order_du      = 
}}
'''The IPC Promotion Saga (III)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = You are eager to beat the big shots!
|result_1 = Enter special battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.
|path_1   = Destruction

|choice_2 = Review the secrets of interstellar success...
|result_2 = Enhance 4 random Blessings.
|path_2   = Remembrance

|choice_3 = Launch "Celebrity High Social."
|result_3 = Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 2-star rarity.

|choice_4 = Give a shocking "interstellar speech"!
|result_4 = Enhance 2 random Blessings.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is your second day after being promoted! Staring at the towering IPC branch building, you are determined to become an excellent senior IPC staff.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You hear that some employees were secretly fired due to work-related mistakes lately, and this has put everyone at the branch on edge. Nevertheless, you are still immersed in the belief that you will be promoted in the future. Reaching level P-35, branch director, should be your lifetime goal! Although P-35 still has a long way to go before you reach the headquarters' gates, it won't be a problem for a young talent like you!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Hmph... You flip through the overview of the IPC's big shots in the Interastral Peace Handbook. Under Arita's leadership, the Traditional Project Department has been mockingly dubbed the "retirement home." Mtooyin Raj Zazzad? She only knows how to come up with plans that award employees in the Talent Motivation Department with petty benefits... You become more and more audacious and confident... P-35? No! You believe you can even one day challenge level P-48, the *Madam Scarred Eye*!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Launch "Celebrity High Social." &mdash; Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 2-star rarity.
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*3/-25% HP}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give a shocking "interstellar speech"! &mdash; Enhance 2 random Blessings.
:;(Enhance 2 random 1-3 star Blessings)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Destruction|Destruction]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Destruction|You are eager to beat the big shots!|Enter special battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Svarog*1/-25% HP}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Review the secrets of interstellar success...|Enhance 4 random Blessings.}}
:;(Enhance 4 random 1-3 star Blessings)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The IPC Promotion Saga (III)
|zhs  = 星际和平公司「升职记」（其三）
|zht  = 星際和平公司「升職記」（其三）
|ja   = スターピースカンパニー「{{Rubi|昇進記|しょうしんき}}」（3）
|ko   = 스타피스 컴퍼니 「승진기」 (3)
|es   = La saga del ascenso de la Corporación III
|fr   = Saga de la CPI (III)
|ru   = Сага о карьере в КММ III
|th   = "บันทึกการเลื่อนตำแหน่ง" องค์กรสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาว (3)
|vi   = Công Ty Hành Tinh Hòa Bình "Nhật Ký Thăng Chức" 3
|de   = Die IFK-Beförderungsgeschichte (Teil 3)
|id   = Kisah Promosi IPC (3)
|pt   = A Saga de Promoção da CPI (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}