{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Interastral Peace Investment Device
|image         = Random Event Bond.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Occurrence
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Interastral Peace Investment Device''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'm a peddler, and this is a mysterious box." The Interastral Peace Investment Device explains nonchalantly. "My belly is a mechanical pocket that stores a lot of data-simulated Cosmic Fragments."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "*Trust* is the resource we use to invest." The Interastral Peace Investment Device opens its belly and shows the simulated and synthesized Cosmic Fragments inside. "I promise you'll get higher returns the more *trust* you have."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Invest in your *trust*. &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments)
:;(Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Will you continue to trust the Interastral Peace Investment Device?
::{{DIcon|Star}} Keep investing in your *trust*. &mdash; Spend 50% of your Cosmic Fragment(s).
::;(Outcome 1, 50%)
:::;(Lose 50% of Cosmic Fragments, but immediately regain 200% of the amount lost{{Verify}})
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The Interastral Peace Investment Device opens its *belly*... You have succeeded!
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You get a great return on your *investment*!
::::{{DIcon|Star}} Keep investing in your *trust* &mdash; Spend 100% of your Cosmic Fragment(s).
::::;(Outcome 1, 25%)
:::::;(Lose 100% of Cosmic Fragments, but immediately regain 200% of the amount lost{{Verify}})
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' The Interastral Peace Investment Device opens its *belly*... You have succeeded!
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You get a great return on your *investment*!
::::;(Outcome 2, 75%)
:::::;(Lose 100% of currently possessed Cosmic Fragments)
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You wait for the Interastral Peace Investment Device to open its *belly*... but it stays motionless.
::::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You realize you have been duped! You are inconsolable.
::::{{DIcon|Star}} Don't take. &mdash; You have good self-control.
::;(Outcome 2, 50%)
:::;(Lose 50% of currently possessed Cosmic Fragments)
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You wait for the Interastral Peace Investment Device to open its *belly*... but it stays motionless.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You realize you have been duped! You gain nothing.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Don't take. &mdash; You have good self-control.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Don't take. &mdash; You have good self-control.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Interastral Peace Investment Device
|zhs   = 星际和平投资机器
|zht   = 星際和平投資機器
|ja    = スターピース投資ロボット
|ko    = 스타피스 투자 기기
|es    = Dispositivo de inversión de la Paz Interastral
|fr    = Appareil d'investissement de la Paix Interastrale
|ru    = Устройство инвестирования Межзвёздного мира
|th    = หุ่นยนต์ลงทุนสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาว
|vi    = Cỗ Máy Đầu Tư Hành Tinh Hòa Bình
|de    = Interastrales Investitionsgerät
|id    = Perangkat Investasi Interastral Peace
|pt    = Dispositivo de Investimento da Paz Interastral
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
