<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Life Divergence (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26001-1
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_34.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 146
}}
'''Life Divergence (II)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Cover up the lab accident.
|result_1 = Enter a difficult battle. After victory, gain 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity

|choice_2 = Cover up the lab incident.
|result_2 = Consume 200 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity

|choice_3 = Publicly correct the error.
|result_3 = Consume 50 Cosmic Fragments. There will be no more errors

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The deformed chimera gnaws off a piece of stone wall, romping about in the room. Because of the erroneous fusion of two chimerae, the inorganic monster sprouts spines, growling menacingly at you all.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Having achieved fame, you suddenly realize that this is the result of a stroke of luck from the erroneous data that you ignored all those years ago. If this matter were to get out, you would surely be unceremoniously cast out of the Grove.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Looking at the monster before you, you decide to...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Cover up the lab accident. &mdash; Enter a difficult battle. After victory, gain 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You raise an iron rod and fight the crazed chimera for three bouts, finally ending up with a pile of scrap metal. You now understand what the scrap metal pieces your mentor had you deal with really are...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Cover up the lab incident. &mdash; Consume 200 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Grappling with every ounce of your strength, you manage to lock up the crazed chimera. It will be shown as the results of animal reintroduction into the wild at the Caprism school's exhibition.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Publicly correct the error. &mdash; Consume 50 Cosmic Fragments. There will be no more errors
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your scandal has become a hot topic within the Grove, but at least future scholars won't be obstructed by such blunders again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Life Divergence (II)
|zhs  = 生命分岔（其二）
|zht  = 生命分岔（其二）
|ja   = {{Rubi|人生|じんせい}}の{{Rubi|分|わ}}かれ{{Rubi|道|みち}}（その2）
|ko   = 생명의 갈림길(2)
|es   = Divergencia vital II
|fr   = Bifurcation de la vie (II)
|ru   = Расщепление жизни II
|th   = แบ่งแยกชีวิต (II)
|vi   = Ngã Rẽ Cuộc Đời (II)
|de   = Gabelung des Lebens (II)
|id   = Cabang Kehidupan 2
|pt   = Divergência da Vida (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}