<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Escort Mission#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26801
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Dolos.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 157
}}
'''Escort Mission''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Go transport food from the farms.
|result_1 = Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments and 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity

|choice_2 = Go to the harbor to transport the materials.
|result_2 = Obtain 3 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity.

|choice_3 = I want them all!
|result_3 = Obtain all rewards and the Negative Curio: Beastmaster's Rein Wheel
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dromas lets out a deep, contented burp after swallowing the last chunk of redsoil &mdash; a clear signal that the day's work is about to begin. As the most renowned dromas handler in Hattusili, it falls upon you to assign tasks to these towering beasts.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This year has been a season of abundance. The fields overflow with freshly harvested crops, stacked high and ready for transport. But just as the last sheaf is gathered, the distant call of the harbor reaches your ears &mdash; the overseas trade fleet has arrived, bringing timber and stone in need of urgent delivery.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' To transport crops from the farmland or to transport materials from the port? You find yourself lost in thought.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Go transport food from the farms. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments and 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Crops spoil quickly. It makes sense to head for the farmland first.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' With a low rumble, the dromas sways as it carries you off.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Go to the harbor to transport the materials. &mdash; Obtain 3 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Storage fees at the port can be costly. Perhaps the materials should come first.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' With a low rumble, the dromas sways as it carries you off.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want them all! &mdash; Obtain all rewards and the Negative Curio: Beastmaster's Rein Wheel
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Decisions, decisions... In the end, you settle on the hardest path of all &mdash; both. The dromas will haul crops during the day and transport materials at night.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your heart is harder than stone. Then don't be surprised when Georios delivers your punishment.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Escort Mission
|zhs  = 运输任务
|zht  = 運輸任務
|ja   = {{Rubi|輸送任務|ゆそうにんむ}}
|ko   = 운송 임무
|es   = Misión de transporte
|fr   = Missions d'escorte
|ru   = Транспортная миссия
|th   = ภารกิจขนส่ง
|vi   = Nhiệm Vụ Vận Chuyển
|de   = Versandmission
|id   = Misi Transportasi
|pt   = Missão de Escolta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}