{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 138-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Aha;HooH;Nous;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 138-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' "Let's sum it up, as usual." It is obvious what [[Herta]] intends to say next. "Stephen, let's hear your thoughts."
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "Me?" Stephen Lloyd stammers, "Um... I can't do it..."
:'''Herta:''' "You're a genius, Stephen Lloyd. I can't believe you can't do public speaking!" Herta's gaze is clearly tinged with annoyance. "One day, we'll help Stephen overcome his fear of crowds. (Trailblazer), we need to organize the parts related to IPC to keep them happy. Then, we can keep the data about the Aeons that we want."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's begin.
:'''Herta:''' "Now." Herta casually spins in a circle. "Let's start."
:'''Screwllum:''' "The starting point is IPC." [[Screwllum]] twists the gear on his glasses. "It is the earliest point in history we can trace matters back to."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "The era that came after the Swarm Disaster was when IPC underwent rapid expansion. Historical moments like the support team reorganization, credit system establishment, and Synesthesia Beacon invention took place during this time. The development of IPC reached its peak."
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "Nevertheless, the operation of IPC exacerbated the economic inequality in the universe. Conflicts built up over time, leading to the outbreak of the Borderstar Trade War by two IPC executives, Telora Farnsha and Korapao. That is the first moment calculated by [[Nous]]."
:'''Nous:''' Their figure emerges again, but THEY remain in silence.
:'''Herta:''' "The board of directors of IPC changed from time to time. No one cared about the departments and their heads." Herta adds, "What matters is Nous and THEIR subsequent calculations."
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "What happened next was the birth of Rubert the robot, which then became the 27th member of the Genius Society..." Stephen Lloyd scratches his face uneasily and continues. "Rubert came up with the Anti-Organic Equation and instigated the second war while the Borderstar Trade War was still ongoing. That is... the second moment."
:'''Screwllum:''' "Rubert the emperor believed that the algorithm of organic lives was riddled with errors and loopholes. No matter how long their prosperous lives continued, they would inevitably bring their lives to an end &mdash; this was probably what inspired Rubert to derive the Anti-Organic Equation. My conjecture: Rubert received Nous's gaze for his Anti-Organic Equation," Screwllum comments.
:'''Herta:''' "Rubert used to be a discarded computer. It was a miracle that it developed awareness." Herta sneezes suddenly. "It was once in a slumber but managed to wake up... The simultaneous outbreak and continuation of the Emperor's War and Borderstar Trade War was almost as tragic as the Swarm Disaster."
:'''Screwllum:''' "Last but not least... the third moment."
:'''Herta:''' "Oh! It's my favorite!" Herta suddenly stood on her tiptoes in excitement. "Lord of Silence, you did well! I mean, you were exceptional! I'd like to meet you! Can you hear me?"
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "#27, Rubert the Emperor, was killed by #4, the Lord of Silence," [[Ruan Mei]] summarizes in her ever-peaceful voice. Her words transform into data that is stored in the Simulated Universe system. "#27's name is not found in THEIR calculations, nor is the name of #4. THEY only state the outcome: At that moment, the emperor and its empire ceased to exist at the same time."
:'''Herta:''' "Some opined that IPC was behind this. Looking at it now, at least we can be certain that Polka was there. If only I could ask her in person..." Herta mutters. "How about the traces of other Aeons?"
:'''The Enigmata:''' "Mythus... I saw THEIR trace," Ruan Mei says contemplatively.
:'''The Elation:''' "Um... And [[Aha]]'s laughter." Stephen Lloyd says hesitantly, "It could be bogus, since THEY were unscrupulous."
:'''The Equilibrium:''' "The radiance of [[HooH]] was also captured by the Simulated Universe," Ruan Mei continues. "He would not stand by and do nothing as the war raged on. However, the moments calculated by Nous did come true one after another as though no forces had interfered with them. Perhaps, some Aeons did or did not attempt to do so."
:'''Herta:''' "The Simulated Universe is, after all, created by geniuses. Is it possible that what failed to prevent the moments from happening was our limited intelligence, not the simulated Aeons?" Herta shrugs. "The familiar Aeon... I miss the day THEY gazed at me and how I felt when I asked THEM questions. The passage of time never changes THEM. How interesting... Well, is it time for us to get out?"
:'''Screwllum:''' "Question: There's something I still don't understand," Screwllum says. "Are there traces of {{Color|Keyword|Rubert II}} in this dimension?"
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "No way." Ruan Mei ruminates the question with a look of hesitation. After a moment of contemplation, she gives up speculating. "I know you care about him, but it's impossible for {{Color|Keyword|Rubert II}} to exist in such an ancient dimension."
:'''Herta:''' "Um... We can discuss it again when we have the chance." Herta shrugs and says, "I think we've got enough to send to IPC. Let's try a more straightforward simulation next time."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
