<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Propagation: Nest Exploration (Second Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 19101-1
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 046
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Propagation: Nest Exploration (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Enter and explore the Nameless relics.
|result_1 = Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 random Curio.

|choice_2 = Join the "Combatobug" combat unit.
|result_2 = Enter battle and obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s).
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into a high-tech, streamlined suspended matrix &mdash; a trap you believe to be used only by the most cutting-edge hunter on the Planet Snowland.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You get to your feet and find yourself landing before the entrance of a lair. You draw the curtain open and recognize the Combatobugs. As ground combat units, they traded their flying abilities in exchange for heavy and rigid exoskeletons.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' These Combatobugs make a sucking sound... You hesitate to enter the lair and hunt for them, as you might find yourself coated in the insects' scent and incur more unwanted attention...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Enter and explore the Nameless relics. &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 1 random Curio.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
:;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Join the "Combatobug" combat unit. &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Vagrant*2/-25% HP; Automaton Grizzly*1/-25% HP}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Propagation: Nest Exploration (Second Praetorian)
|zhs  = 繁育•虫巢探险（二级卫戍）
|zht  = 繁育•蟲巢探險（二級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|繁殖|はんしょく}}・{{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|巣|す}}{{Rubi|探険|たんけん}}（{{Rubi|二級守備|にきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 번식•곤충집 탐험(2급 경비)
|es   = Propagación: Exploración del nido (segundo pretoriano)
|fr   = Exploration du nid de la Propagation (deuxième prétorien)
|ru   = Распространение: Экспедиция по гнезду (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th   = แพร่พันธุ์: สำรวจรังแมลง (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi   = Sinh Sôi - Khám Phá Ổ Côn Trùng (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de   = Die Ausbreitung: Nesterkundung (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id   = Propagation: Eksplorasi Sarang Serangga (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt   = Propagação: Exploração de Ninho (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}