{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The astral computer before you, with a curved screen on top and a genderless human body at the bottom, is running a calculation at a high speed. While it seems to be simulating the collapse of a massive star, only you know that you are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors with it.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "There is an 82.49% chance of you playing rock in the first game, and a 94.61% of you playing scissors in the second. If you choose to flip the table with me and battle with the monsters I created, there is a 99.37% of you losing."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "But if you leave some Cosmic Fragments behind, your chance of survival is 100%." It is waiting for your response.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fight for the 0.63% chance. &mdash; Enter battle.
:;(Outcome 1, 50% chance)
::;(Enter battle)
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Gunner*2/-25% HP; Silvermane Soldier*2/-25% HP}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*2/-25% HP; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1/-25% HP}}
:;(Outcome 2, 50% chance)
::;(Enter battle)
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Entranced Ingenium: Obedient Dracolion*2/-25% HP; Entranced Ingenium: Illumination Dragonfish*1/-25% HP}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/-25% HP; Voidranger: Eliminator*1/-25% HP}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pick the 100% security. &mdash; Lose 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#The Hunt|The Hunt]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|The Hunt|Acutely sense the vulnerabilities of the astral computer.|Break down more dangerous vulnerabilities! Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain 2 Enhanced Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::'''Variant 1:'''
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD; Voidranger: Distorter*1/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Automaton Beetle*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD; Automaton Spider*1/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD}}
::'''Variant 2:'''
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Gunner*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD; Silvermane Soldier*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*1/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD}}
::'''Variant 3:'''
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Entranced Ingenium: Obedient Dracolion*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD; Entranced Ingenium: Illumination Dragonfish*1/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD; Voidranger: Eliminator*1/+50% ATK, +200% HP, +50% SPD}}
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|You remember its rule! Scissors first!|Chance to obtain 2 random 2-star Blessing(s).}}
:;(Outcome 1, 78% chance)
::;(Repeat 2 times)
::;(Obtain a random 2-star Blessing)
:;(Outcome 2, 22% chance)
{{Dialogue End}}