<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Majority Report#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24301
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Twins.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 121
}}
'''Majority Report''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Knock out the golden head of tricks
|result_1 = Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_2 = Knock out the diamond head of motives
|result_2 = A 10% chance to obtain 5 random Blessing(s), 40% chance to obtain 2 random Curio(s), and 50% chance to obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The dual-headed Intellitron detective in front of you is locked in self-debate. His logical circuits clash over conflicting conclusions, with the only resolution being a tie in an endless interstellar chess match.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The detective's golden circuit has considered countless possibilities, including a suspect slipping on a warp banana peel eight light-years away. His diamond circuit explores various motives, while the simulated suspect grapples with how to freeze mint-flavored machine oil.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hey, assistant, what are you waiting for? Go knock that fool out!" Both heads shout at you in unison.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Knock out the golden head of tricks &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Well done! Based on my meticulous deduction, the suspect must have sought revenge on the victim for the purchase of expired magnetic toothpaste in the store." The detective resolutely projects an image of toothpaste with machine oil residue.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Knock out the diamond head of motives &mdash; A 10% chance to obtain 5 random Blessing(s), 40% chance to obtain 2 random Curio(s), and 50% chance to obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've listed 12,222 possibilities, but I'm inclined to believe that the tool in the crime is a customized holographic rose," says the detective as he confidently presents a paper report.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Majority Report
|zhs  = 多数派报告
|zht  = 多數派報告
|ja   = {{Rubi|多数派報告|たすうはほうこく}}
|ko   = 다수의 의견
|es   = Informe mayoritario
|fr   = Majority Report
|ru   = Доклад большинства
|th   = รายงานโดยส่วนใหญ่
|vi   = Báo Cáo Số Đông
|de   = Mehrheitsbericht
|id   = Mayoritas Laporan
|pt   = Majority Report - A Velha Lei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}