{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Judged as Organic: Associates (I)
|image         = Random Event 409.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Judged as Organic: Associates (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Following the Swarm Disaster, the IPC underwent a reorganization. Internal forces actively sought new paths of development. Korapao from the Cargo Division visited the Intelligentsia Guild. As of now, you are in the middle of a discussion with him in a conference room.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You observe the Associates of the ancient Cargo Division. Judging from the fact that they fought their way here from the barren land on the borders of the universe, you know they are not to be trifled with. They serve Korapao with great dedication along with their subordinates.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' According to a short Associate, the executive director of IPC has terminated the collaboration with the Garden of Recollection after their last discussion with Korapao. The Memory Bubble technology that Telora Farnsha of the Outreach and Engagement Division vouches for is forced to give way to the Synesthesia Beacon. Speculation is rife about Farnsha's status in IPC.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' It is clear to you it is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be successful. No matter what faith you previously believed in, this *opportunity* should override it... You know you must go through the hand-kissing ceremony to be Korapao's associate.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kiss the back of Korapao's hand.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Turn down this *opportunity*.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The young Korapao is given a dream opportunity to succeed, and he undoubtedly makes full use of it! Soon, he rakes in the profits and influences for IPC as planned. IPC, with thriving trades, finances the construction of many measurement stations in the universe and provides funds for the Intelligentsia Guild to build Izmael, the cosmic library.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Years later, you learn that Telora Farnsha's forces has separated from the Outreach and Engagement Division, forming the Trade Division, as she is promoted to P-48.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The win-win situation seems dubious, but no one &mdash; including you &mdash; dares to raise any questions against the authority.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Telora Farnsha and Korapao have since jointly controlled and managed the resources of many galaxies. This unprecedented monopoly marks the beginning of the Borderstar Trade War.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 判定有机：「合伙人」•其一
|zht   = 判定有機：「合夥人」•其一
|ja    = 有機判定：「経営パートナー」・その1
|ko    = 유기 판단: 「파트너」•1
|es    = Declarado orgánico: asociados I
|fr    = Jugé organique : Partenaires (I)
|ru    = Установленный органик: Партнёр I
|th    = ตัดสินอินทรีย์: "หุ้นส่วน" (1)
|vi    = Phán Định Hữu Cơ: Người Cộng Tác 1
|de    = Organische Einstufung: Geschäftspartner (I)
|id    = Dinilai Organik: "Mitra" (1)
|pt    = Julgado como Orgânico: Sócios (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
