<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Quinn#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240305
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Quinn.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Alley; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Traveler's Guide*3; Clock Credits*180; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Quinn''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Go to the hotel reception and talk to Alley.
# Discuss Alley with Quinn.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the hotel reception and talk to Alley.{{subst:void|<!--424030503-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|Tick... tock! Quick, adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Alley)
:'''Alley:''' Greetings. Is there something you need?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here about your little sister...
::'''Alley:''' *sigh* Did that kid cause any trouble for you?
::'''Alley:''' I'm really sorry. My sister can be blunt and isn't always the most mature. If she has accidentally offended you, then please allow me &mdash; as her sister &mdash; to make it up to on her behalf...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She hasn't offended me.
::'''Alley:''' Really? That's great... *sigh* You have no idea how many people Quinn has offended because she doesn't know how to keep her mouth shut.
::'''Alley:''' At her age, she's still behaving as though she's still a little kid... Always making me worry about her all day long.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard your relationship isn't the best?
::'''Alley:''' Is that what Quinn said? I'm not surprised, as she's had this kind of personality since she was small... She likes causing trouble for me every now and again.
::'''Alley:''' But even so, we also love each other... Our sisterly bond is unbreakable. She will {{Color|h|nobold=1|always be my sister and the most important person to me}}.
::'''Alley:''' Sounds like you and Quinn are getting along like a house on fire. So, if I may be so bold as to ask you a favor?
::'''Alley:''' That kid has no real friends due to her personality issues, and I'm too busy with my work, so I never get a chance to see her.
::'''Alley:''' If you don't mind and if you have any free time, would you please keep her company for me?
:'''Alley:''' Sounds like you and Quinn are getting along like a house on fire. So, if I may be so bold as to ask you a favor?
::'''Alley:''' That kid has no real friends due to her personality issues, and I'm too busy with my work, so I never get a chance to see her.
::'''Alley:''' If you don't mind and if you have any free time, would you please keep her company for me?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Discuss Alley with Quinn.{{subst:void|<!--424030504-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; showtoast126)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowHeartDialToast",
	"StepType": "Normal",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 126
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Quinn
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：奎茵
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：奎茵
|ja   = クロックトリック：クイン
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 퀸
|es   = Trucorreloj: Quinn
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Quinn
|ru   = Заводной механизм: Куинн
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: Quinn
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Quinn
|de   = Uhrwerk: Quinn
|id   = Clockwork: Quinn
|pt   = Truquelógio: Quinn
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
