<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Larose#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240312
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Larose.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Larose; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Refined Aether*3; Clock Credits*180; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Larose''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Head to Aideen Park to enjoy Larose's performance.
# Larose has completed her performance. Speak with her.
# Investigate the audience's opinions toward Larose's performance.
# Report the audience's feedback to Larose.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Larose:''' Dear {{MC|m=Sir|f=Miss}}, please stay for a while. There's no need to hurry in this dreamscape where time stands still.
:'''Larose:''' Here, please take this pamphlet. I will be performing the song of {{Rubi|beauty|Beauty}} at this concert. Please don't miss it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Aideen Park to enjoy Larose's performance.{{subst:void|<!--424031202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Tick... tock! Quick, Adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
----
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Larose has completed her performance. Speak with her.{{subst:void|<!--424031203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Tick... tock! Quick, adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Larose)
:'''Larose:''' I never imagined I would perform the Song of Beauty in front of everyone, but...
:'''Larose:''' Ah, it's been such a long time! My manager should be coming for me!
:'''Larose:''' I'm sorry, but I must go back to Oti Mall to distribute brochures... Dear {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, could you please ask about the audience's thoughts on my new song? I would greatly appreciate it!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the audience's opinions toward Larose's performance.{{subst:void|<!--424031204-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Larose)
:'''Larose:''' Dear {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, could you please ask the audience for their thoughts? It holds great importance to me...

:'''(Trailblazer):''' (People don't seem impressed by Larose's music...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the audience's feedback to Larose.{{subst:void|<!--424031209-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Larose)
:'''Larose:''' Dear {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, thank you for your support earlier. Have you asked the audience about their thoughts?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Their reviews are mixed.
::'''Larose:''' That's understandable... I suppose I was too naive. My manager was right: Music with such a unique style is unlikely to be appreciated by everyone.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Most of the reviews are negative.
::'''Larose:''' Unfortunately, it can't be helped. For those who appreciate popular songs, Mendasian music is undoubtedly a departure from the conventional aesthetic.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} M&mdash;Most of the reviews... are positive!
::'''Larose:''' You are very kind, but there is no need to be overly concerned about my feelings. Actually, I have received my fair share of criticism.
:'''Larose:''' It's just that I haven't performed my favorite music in so long that I was overwhelmed with joy when I finally sang it again... However, I already began to regret it as soon as I stepped onto the stage.
:'''Larose:''' I've been a famous songstress in Penacony for a long time. How could I not know what kind of music the market prefers? The moment I opened my mouth, I already foresaw the outcome.
:'''Larose:''' I thought that with my reputation and fans, I could make people appreciate the true essence of the Song of Beauty... but I forgot that I achieved everything through deception. By abandoning the falsehoods, I gave up everything I had.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can perform your favorite music from scratch.
::'''Larose:''' No... I can't, and I won't do that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's nothing to fear in letting go of everything.
::'''Larose:''' But to me, dear {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, there are no things more terrifying than that.
:'''Larose:''' At the end of my performance, when I saw those disapproving glances and heard no cheers or applause in my ears, it felt as though I was being torn apart by the most terrible nightmare...
:'''Larose:''' ...I experienced unimaginable pain, more agonizing than the destruction of my home planet or the demise of the Beauty.
:'''Larose:''' It was then that I fully realized that my desire was not for everyone to appreciate the Song of Beauty, but for everyone to appreciate Larose. It turns out that I love myself more than Mendasia and the Goddess of Beauty.
:'''Larose:''' "...Mendasia! Mendasia! Tuven arztis liberan sanam! Nururisha Idrila bfularun!"
:Larose sings the Song of Beauty once again, her voice as low, hoarse, savage, and rough as before, but no longer filled with vigor and joy. Instead, it became an unbridled catharsis of long-suppressed pain.
:'''Larose:''' Dear {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, I'm afraid you will be the last listener of the Song of Beauty. I will tuck it away and never perform it again... and continue singing those vulgar lies, deriving satisfaction from the applause and cheers.
:'''Larose:''' Yes, this is the real Larose. Will you continue supporting me like this, dear {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll continue supporting you.
::'''Larose:''' Thank you for your unwavering support. You are truly a kind listener.
::'''Larose:''' I won't let you down. Even if it's a fabricated lie, I will make it more melodious.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't support you anymore.
::'''Larose:''' Well... I can understand that. After all, I'm using the reputation of the Beauty and the planet of canticles to deceive my adoring audience and take advantage of them. It's excessive in your eyes, isn't it?
::'''Larose:''' But I have made my decision. So, if you despise me, be prepared. I will work even harder to gain public attention and become a singer known by everyone.
:'''Larose:''' Anyway, thank you for awakening me from my false dreams... Now, I have discovered my true aspirations, and I'm willing to go to any lengths to pursue them.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Larose
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：拉洛丝
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：拉洛絲
|ja   = クロックトリック：ラローズ
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 라로즈
|es   = Trucorreloj: Larose
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Larose
|ru   = Заводной механизм: Лароуз
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: Larose
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Larose
|de   = Uhrwerk: Larose
|id   = Clockwork: Larose
|pt   = Truquelógio: Larose
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
