<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Colleen#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240306
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Colleen.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Agitated IPC Security Personnel; Astute IPC Field Personnel; Colleen; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Dream's Edge]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Dream's Edge
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Refined Aether*3; Clock Credits*180; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Colleen''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Find the trashcan mentioned by Colleen at Aideen Park.
# Return to the Dream's Edge and talk to Colleen.
# Investigate Colleen's room in the hotel in reality.
# Meet up with Colleen behind the door.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the trashcan mentioned by Colleen at Aideen Park.{{subst:void|<!--424030603-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Tick... tock! Quick, adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|undefined}} Investigate
:'''(Trailblazer):''' This must be what Colleen wanted... Let's head back and see her.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190564
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|Just as you're about to leave, a figure blocks your way...}}
:'''Colleen:''' {{MC|m=Boy|f=Girl}}, it's urgent... Please get me that stuff ASAP. I'll explain everything to you later.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you following me?
::'''Colleen:''' No time to dwell on that right now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What just happened?
::'''Colleen:''' There's no time for the whole enchilada right now!
:'''Colleen:''' Listen up. I've got a bad feeling that we've...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 241
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"Duration": 1
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_npc_special_messenger_disappear"
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetAlias",
		"Alias": "Caster"
	},
	"Flags": [],
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Common/Eff_NPC_Full_W0_Lady_Messenger_Rim.prefab",
	"Scale": {
		"x": -1,
		"y": -1,
		"z": -1,
		"normalized": {
			"x": -0.577350259,
			"y": -0.577350259,
			"z": -0.577350259,
			"normalized": {
				"x": -0.5773503,
				"y": -0.5773503,
				"z": -0.5773503,
				"magnitude": 1.00000012,
				"sqrMagnitude": 1.00000024
			},
			"magnitude": 0.99999994,
			"sqrMagnitude": 0.99999994
		},
		"magnitude": 1.73205078,
		"sqrMagnitude": 3
	},
	"ParamEntityUsage": "LookAt",
	"TowardMaxPitchAngle": 90,
	"SubObjectModifyDataList": [],
	"MaxMutexCount": 1
}</pre>
:...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Colleen... disappeared? Did she encounter something inside the hotel in reality?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I think she said her room was beside the stairwell, and there was a pot of flower by her door... Maybe I should take a look.
----

;(Talk to Colleen)
:'''Colleen:''' Remember: The things were placed in the {{Color|h|nobold=1|trashcan at Aideen Park}}.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Dream's Edge and talk to Colleen.{{subst:void|<!--424030611-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Colleen)
:'''Colleen:''' Finally, it's stopped... Is that thing I want still there?
:'''Colleen:''' ...Is it just this one thing?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's all there was inside the trashcan.
::'''Colleen:''' That's not right. Let me see...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't read what's on it.
::'''Colleen:''' It might be encrypted. Let me see...
:'''Colleen:''' Kissing, washing, hide-and-seek... These sure are diverse.
:'''Colleen:''' ...Alright, I've restored the text on it. As agreed, I'll give you a copy to share.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When am I going to get paid?
::'''Colleen:''' Relax. I'll pay you later. First, listen to the secret I'm about to tell you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why was the IPC bugging you?
::'''Colleen:''' Good question. Let me tell you why.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm off then.
::'''Colleen:''' Ah, relax. I've still got secrets to tell you, remember?
:'''Colleen:''' You know, I used to be a Nameless as well, before leaving to strike out on my own. You know all of this &mdash; but I omitted the contents of my solo journey.
:'''Colleen:''' Take a guess at what I've been up to for those years.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Working for the IPC?
::'''Colleen:''' Me, working for someone? Impossible, let alone for a large conglomerate like the IPC. In fact, I ended up giving them quite the headache...
::'''Colleen:''' After all, I am a pirate.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you go back home and work the land?
::'''Colleen:''' Hah, that'd be a fate worse than now. Plus, a stable life doesn't suit a Nameless.
::'''Colleen:''' I may not be a Nameless any longer, but I've still got the spirit of adventure in my bones.
::'''Colleen:''' That's why I became a pirate.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not going to do something bad, are you?
::'''Colleen:''' Bad? Perhaps, but that depends on your definition of "bad." However, most people do seem to find me bad...
::'''Colleen:''' After all, I am a pirate.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you a traveling merchant?
::'''Colleen:''' To other people, sure, but I feel like telling you the truth... That's just a convenient disguise.
::'''Colleen:''' Really, I'm a pirate.
:'''Colleen:''' I've robbed trade vessels, smuggled minerals, and sometimes even peddled precious cargo. But I did it not out of greed, but for the freedom of wayfaring... and to make a little money for traveling.
:'''Colleen:''' The IPC put out a small bounty for me on its official site. I'm guessing those two fools came here just for that... I thought some big shot had discovered me right at the start.
:'''Colleen:''' Don't worry. Everything I told you before is true: I was once a Nameless, and now I still yearn for adventure. I'm no different from any other traveling merchants, besides the bounty on my head.
:'''Colleen:''' As soon as I heard about Penacony, I knew that I had to come here. No matter the cost...
:'''Colleen:''' I'm an unfortunate soul, who never got to see the age of heroes trailblazing the universe. I've always been envious and jealous of the real Nameless ones...
:'''Colleen:''' But I know that I'm also really lucky. The curtain has yet to fall on the story of this era, and I still have the chance to take part in it and catch a glimpse of the secret treasure of the universe waiting there in the end of the adventure.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Secret treasure of the universe?
:'''Colleen:''' This is my idea of Trailblaze. I think that there is some kind of precious treasure that exists at the end of all adventure that pays off all the effort you expend along the way.
:'''Colleen:''' What's the point of continuous exploration if you know you're not going to get anything in the end?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Exploration is the main reward, in and of itself.
::'''Colleen:''' ...That's a very Nameless answer from you. You still retain your ideals; that's okay.
::'''Colleen:''' Despite my ideals being far less glittery now, I still hope that ideal behavior can be rewarded.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds way too focused on material gains...
::'''Colleen:''' Sure, but it's vital to feel rewarded materially.
::'''Colleen:''' When we regard something as a guiding principle, the world will develop in whatever direction we pursue. People today tend to choose money &mdash; as they have for a long time.
::'''Colleen:''' From this perspective, what could stimulate people's desire for exploration more than a secret treasure at the edge of the universe?
:'''Colleen:''' Once I've solved the Watchmaker's riddle, I'm going to embark on an adventure of my own. And it could just be the final adventure of my life.
:'''Colleen:''' I'm going to look for him &mdash; not for money, but to stand before him and see how dazzling the so-called legend really is, and whether it's strong enough to melt even a rat in the gutter like myself.
:'''Colleen:''' And those guys who tried to sabotage me, thinking they could stop me by using dirty tricks... whether it's The Family or the IPC, one day, I'll make them pay!
:'''Colleen:''' {{Size|28|Even the maxims of the universe shall step aside before me!}}
:'''Colleen:''' Oh, by the way &mdash; here's the reward I promised. Hold onto that. Even a Nameless has to eat, just like the rest of the mortals.
:'''Colleen:''' When everything is done and dusted, let's meet up again at the end of the adventure.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate Colleen's room in the hotel in reality.{{subst:void|<!--424030604-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 424030604,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1,
			2
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Hey, don't think you're safe just because you have that device on you. IPC guards have plenty of ways to get in. Surrender now, for the sake of everyone!
:'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Dude, let's wait at the door and see how much that lady can keep up the smugness.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you two doing here?
:'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Where did this gray-haired {{MC|m=boy|f=girl}} come from?
:'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Hey, don't be so rude to the patrons.
:'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' We're staff from the IPC, and we're here in Penacony on vacation.
:'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Last night, we met the woman in this room and discovered that she bore a striking resemblance to a fugitive on the IPC bounty hunt.
:'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' For the sake of Penacony's safety, we planned to thoroughly investigate her and try to get a match from her genetic data... but as soon as we tried knocking on the door, we bounced off the repelling shield she'd installed.
:'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Hmph, she's obviously guilty! If she really is innocent, then why wouldn't she let us in?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There has to be some kind of misunderstanding here.
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Misunderstanding? All I know is that there's no misunderstanding about the bounty!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps you've got the wrong person?
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Even so, she must still submit to our investigations!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nobody would just let any stranger into their room...
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' True... But that's no excuse for refusing to submit to an investigation!
:'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' If she really is a wanted suspect, then the two of us have pretty much defused a ticking time bomb for Penacony... while making a little bank on the side. And if she isn't, then it would all just be a false alarm. It's a guaranteed way to make a profit!
:'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' We'll flush her out today, for sure!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave this up to me.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' You? What are you going to do about it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Speaking of which, you two want the money, right?
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Money? Heh, you can say that again...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What gives you the authority to force someone else like that!?
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Well, do you have a better idea? Show us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm interested in this person, too.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Really? Then we're competitors. I'm not gonna let you in on this cash cow that just fell into my lap!
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can give you money.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Really, how much is that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} 500 credits each.
:::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' 500 credits!?
:::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' *coughs* This amount is not bad, but it's still not enough to make us give up the investigation...
:::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' How about 1,000 credits each, and you promise to drop this entire thing?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a deal.
::::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' You're frank, I like that. Show me the money.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You dare to negotiate with me!?
::::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' (Whispering) Dude, this one's no pushover, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} might be someone important. Let's... not clash head-on.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} 1000 credits each.
:::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' Really? Deal!
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 424030605,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 278713946
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
			"SubmissionID": 424030604,
			"MissionCustomValue": {
				"ValidValueParamList": [
					0,
					1,
					2
				]
			},
			"CustomValue": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimeline",
			"TimelineName": "Story/Discussion/Mission/4240306/DS42403060814.playable",
			"Type": "Discussion",
			"Parameters": []
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_413060879"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceTransition",
			"SwitchInTime": 0.5,
			"SwitchKeepTime": 0.5,
			"SwitchOutTime": 0.5,
			"CreateNpcList": [],
			"CaptureNpcList": [],
			"DestroyNpcList": [],
			"CreateProp": {
				"CreateList": []
			},
			"DestroyProp": {
				"TargetType": {
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx"
				},
				"DestroyList": []
			},
			"AdvCreateGroupEntity": {
				"InstanceIDList": []
			},
			"AdvDestroyGroupEntity": {
				"InstanceIDList": []
			},
			"DisactiveVCamOnGraphEnd": true,
			"ActiveVirtualCamera": {
				"IsActive": true,
				"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
				"CenterPosX": -1,
				"CenterPosY": -1
			},
			"ActiveTemplateVirtualCamera": {
				"IsActive": true
			},
			"SwitchCharacterAnchor": {
				"IsLocalPlayer": true,
				"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
				"AreaName": {
					"Value": "LevelArea_P10305_F10305001_G69"
				},
				"AnchorName": {
					"Value": "Anchor2"
				},
				"ResetAnimation": true,
				"ResetCamera": true
			},
			"AdvNpcFaceToPlayer": {
				"FromDialog": true,
				"TryFaceToFace": true,
				"NpcLookAtPlayer": true,
				"PlayerLookAtNpc": true,
				"StopLookAtOnGraphEnd": true,
				"TurnBackOnGraphEnd": true,
				"SteerImmediately": true,
				"FinishImmadiate": true,
				"WaitFinishMode": "WaitFaceAngle",
				"ForceToStandBy": true
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	}
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would the IPC consider this an abuse of authority?
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' (Whispering) Dude, we are here on vacation. Technically, we don't have the authority to force an investigation.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' (Whispering) I know. You don't have to tell me specifically in front of {{MC|m=him|f=her}}.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' *coughs* Although this investigation hasn't been reported to the HQ yet, the IPC will surely express support for our actions...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hilarious! The IPC is willing to risk a fallout with The Family for this?
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Uh, I...
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' (Whispering) Dude, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} makes sense. The repercussions might be too risky for the higher-ups.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' (Whispering) I know. Can you please not undermine me again in front of {{MC|m=him|f=her}}?
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' O&mdash;Our behavior is in line with IPC values! What right do you outsiders have to talk like that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If something really does happen, can you two take responsibility?
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' (Whispering) Dude, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} makes sense. We can't afford the risk of being the cause of fallout between the IPC and The Family.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' I&mdash;I... *sigh*
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Fine, fine! Just forget about everything that happened here. We're leaving!
::{{Black Screen|The IPC workers leave.}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you don't, I'll beat you up till you do!
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' Wow. If you dare take this tone with a member of the Interastral Peace Corporation, you must not have tasted the iron fist of peacekeeping.
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' If this {{MC|m=boy|f=girl}} can be so aggressive, there might be a bounty out for them. Let's arrest {{MC|m=him|f=her}} first and find out later.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' You're right. We can put the champagne and lobster on ice for tonight. Get {{MC|m=him|f=her}}!
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' B&mdash;Bro, this little gray-haired kid really knows {{MC|m=his|f=her}} stuff... What are we gonna do?
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' We played stupid games and won stupid prizes. Looks like this one's beyond our pay grade now. Let's get out of here...
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' (Whispers) Dude, this {{MC|m=guy|f=gal}} doesn't look like a walk in the park... Are they some kind of big shot here on vacation?
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' (Whispers) A wise man knows better than to fight when the odds are stacked against him... Let's get away first.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' *coughs* ...The IPC has always stood for keeping peace. After a short discussion among us, we have both decided to unanimously let this matter go.
::'''Astute IPC Field Personnel:''' But don't think that we're afraid of you... We're just taking into consideration the bigger picture and deciding to de-escalate!
::'''Agitated IPC Security Personnel:''' We'll be keeping our eyes on you for when you endanger the interstellar peace!
::{{Black Screen|The IPC workers leave.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet up with Colleen behind the door.{{subst:void|<!--424030610-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Knock
:'''Colleen:''' Looks like you've taken care of them &mdash; my side shows the danger has gone. Great job, {{MC|m=boy|f=girl}}, you've done well.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you okay?
::'''Colleen:''' Of course, not a hair on my head was harmed... but I have to admit, their sudden attack really caught me by surprise.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So why were those two bugging you then?
::'''Colleen:''' It's a really long story... but I have to admit, their sudden attack really caught me by surprise.
:'''Colleen:''' Luckily Captain Colleen always has a backup plan: Before going to sleep, I set up my enclosed dimensional force field generator on the door so that the entire room would be impenetrable &mdash; not even under laser bombardment!
:'''Colleen:''' However, if they kept bugging me outside the door, I probably wouldn't be able to sleep well too... so thanks for your help.
:'''Colleen:''' Now that everything's sorted, let's go back to our dreams and keep chatting. See you at the old place.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Colleen
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：科琳
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：科琳
|ja   = クロックトリック：コリン
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 콜린
|es   = Trucorreloj: Colleen
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Colleen
|ru   = Заводной механизм: Коллин
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: Colleen
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Colleen
|de   = Uhrwerk: Colleen
|id   = Clockwork: Colleen
|pt   = Truquelógio: Colleen
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
