<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Mr. McCoy#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240321
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Mr. McCoy.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Walk Among the Tombstones]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Elder Sister"; "Little Brother"; Mr. McCoy; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Dewlight Pavilion]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Dewlight Pavilion
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Traveler's Guide*3; Clock Credits*180; Golden Limited - Aideen Token*1; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Mr. McCoy''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Locate Mr. McCoy's "brother."
# Locate Mr. McCoy's "sister."
# Speak with Mr. McCoy again.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate Mr. McCoy's "brother."{{subst:void|<!--424032103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Dewlight Pavilion|update|Tick... tock! Quick, Adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to "Little Brother")
:'''"Little Brother":''' McCoy... McCoy...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This guy... sounds like he's mumbling McCoy's name over and over...)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Mr. McCoy said he wants me to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|bring back his brother and sister}}... but how?)
:'''"Little Brother":''' McCoy... McCoy...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Try talking with it...)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Er... Hello?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would you mind taking a stroll with me?
:'''"Little Brother":''' Payback...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Payback? What's it talking about?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Doesn't sound very good... This guy seems kinda angry.)
:'''"Little Brother":''' Payback... payback...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Rats. Time to get ready for a fight!)
:'''"Little Brother":''' {{Size|28|Payback... payback!!}}
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Memory Zone Meme "Allseer"*2; Memory Zone Meme "Heartbreaker"*1/-21.4% HP}}
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Phew... Never thought things would wrap up like that. I didn't take that guy to be so aggressive...)
:{{Black Screen|As the "Little Brother" disappears, you feel a warm jet of something streaming into your coat pocket... right where you stashed the photo from Mr. McCoy.}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Huh? This is...)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": true,
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_13145_3.png"
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That's weird. Is that... another person in the photo now?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That strange creature just then... Don't tell me it was Mr. McCoy's brother?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Mr. McCoy also mentioned his "sister"... Time to check some other places around the pavilion.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate Mr. McCoy's "sister."{{subst:void|<!--424032104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to "Elder Sister")
:'''"Elder Sister":''' McCoy... McCoy...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This "thing"... is probably going to be Mr. McCoy's sister, right?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Gotta stay alert... she might just leap up too and attack me out of nowhere.)
:'''"Elder Sister":''' McCoy... McCoy...
:'''"Elder Sister":''' Wanna eat... Wanna eat...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Is she saying... she wants to eat something? Can meme monsters feel hunger, too?)
:'''"Elder Sister":''' Sour... sweet...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (She doesn't seem to be that aggressive... Why don't we give her a little of what she wants?)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 424032104,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 278713946
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"KeepDisplay": true,
			"BlackMask": true,
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210710,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210711
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210712,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"KeepDisplay": true,
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210713
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210714
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210715
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceTransition",
			"SwitchInTime": 0.5,
			"SwitchKeepTime": 0.5,
			"SwitchOutTime": 0.5,
			"TextEnabled": true,
			"TalkSentenceID": 413210716,
			"CreateNpcList": [],
			"CaptureNpcList": [],
			"DestroyNpcList": [],
			"CreateProp": {
				"CreateList": []
			},
			"DestroyProp": {
				"TargetType": {
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx"
				},
				"DestroyList": []
			},
			"AdvCreateGroupEntity": {
				"InstanceIDList": []
			},
			"AdvDestroyGroupEntity": {
				"InstanceIDList": [
					400001
				]
			},
			"ActiveVirtualCamera": {
				"IsActive": true,
				"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
				"CenterPosX": -1,
				"CenterPosY": -1
			},
			"ActiveTemplateVirtualCamera": {
				"IsActive": true
			},
			"SwitchCharacterAnchor": {
				"IsLocalPlayer": true,
				"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
				"ResetAnimation": true,
				"ResetCamera": true
			},
			"AdvNpcFaceToPlayer": {
				"FromDialog": true,
				"TryFaceToFace": true,
				"NpcLookAtPlayer": true,
				"PlayerLookAtNpc": true,
				"StopLookAtOnGraphEnd": true,
				"TurnBackOnGraphEnd": true,
				"SteerImmediately": true,
				"FinishImmadiate": true,
				"WaitFinishMode": "WaitFaceAngle",
				"ForceToStandBy": true
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
			"Show": true,
			"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_13145_1.png"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"KeepDisplay": true,
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210717
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210718
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 413210719
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ConsumeItem_424032104"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Mr. McCoy again.{{subst:void|<!--424032105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. McCoy)
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' Hello there, Trailblazer.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' How are things... with that matter from before?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All done and dusted.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Time to tell me what exactly is going on.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' Of course, as I had promised.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' You should have met my brother and sister by now... and you must be confused about why they look like that, yes?
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' ...It's all my fault. I was the one that caused them to become such monsters.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did it happen?
::'''Mr. McCoy:''' ...So you want to know more about how people are turned into memes in their dreams?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why did you do this?
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' These two in the photo are my little brother John and my sister Jennifer.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' We were all Penacony locals... and all baptized into Harmony when we came of age, becoming members of The Family.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' Jennifer was a gifted dancer who managed to join up with the Iris Family without needing to try very hard. As for John... his journey wasn't so smooth but he still ended up becoming one of the Bloodhounds.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' At first, I thought our lives would go on perfectly like this... We three siblings, walking the paths set out for us by the Great One, each using our strengths to do our bit and build up the Dreamscapes until the end of time...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But then...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Of course, something unexpected just had to happen.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' I can still remember the day... Back then, I was just a lowly hotel butler who'd never set foot in this pavilion. That day, the family head came and approached me with no notice or warning.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' I still remember how I felt that day. Absolutely terrified... and absolutely thrilled. I remember the family head gently tapping me on the shoulder and making this request of me... a request that made my mind go completely blank.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' He asked me &mdash; the elder brother of John's and the younger brother of Jennifer's... to "wipe away their very existences" because they were "traitors to The Family"... because they'd been trying to sell off Family "information" to the IPC.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And so... so then, you did it?
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' ...Yes, because I had no other choice. That order didn't even come from the Oak Family head... but rather from their overlord, the Dreammaster.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' I used... "The Family Way"... to wipe out the very existence of John and Jennifer from the dreamscape once and for all, without a trace.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' Looking back, I barely resisted when it came time to act. Maybe it's because of the anger and the humiliation that I felt, besides all the grief?
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' I felt betrayed... because I couldn't understand how they could do that behind my back. We're siblings from the same mother and father... there should be nothing that we keep from each other. No barriers between us. Just like a real "family."
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' My loyalty ended up paying off though. The family head brought me to Dewlight Pavilion and everyone who heard about my... "deeds" was in awe of what I'd done.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' But not long after, I became plagued by haunting nightmares that tortured me. I became too scared to fall asleep. To rid myself of those harrowing shadows, I... I handed over control of my own memories. I chose to forget everything.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you could never forget.
::'''Mr. McCoy:''' Of course I couldn't... of course not.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You got what you deserved.
::'''Mr. McCoy:''' Perhaps... perhaps.
:'''Mr. McCoy:''' But at least you've offered temporary solace to my brother and sister... releasing the animosity lingering in those memes.
:{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; Talk_424032006)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowHeartDialToast",
	"StepType": "Normal",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Mr. McCoy
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：麦考先生
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：麥考先生
|ja   = クロックトリック：ミスター・マコー
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 맥카우 씨
|es   = Trucorreloj: señor McCoy
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Monsieur McCoy
|ru   = Заводной механизм: господин Маккой
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: คุณ McCoy
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Ngài McCoy
|de   = Uhrwerk: Herr McCoy
|id   = Clockwork: Tuan McCoy
|pt   = Truquelógio: Sr. McCoy
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
