<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Emmrich#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240309
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Emmrich.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Alarmed Bloodhound; Confused Car Owner; Diamond Doll Salesman; Floatdisc Burger Saleswoman; Patent Operative Omnifier; Trailblazer; Troubled Bloodhound; Zappy Gun Salesman
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Refined Aether*3; Clock Credits*180; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Emmrich''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Stick the Patent Omnifier onto the luxury speedster.
# (Optional) Stay in place and observe the owner's reaction.
# Stick the Patent Omnifier onto the telescope.
# (Optional) Stay in place and observe the Bloodhound's reaction.
# Stick the Patent Omnifier onto the billboard.
# (Optional) Stay in place and observe the reactions of other billboards.
# Report to Emmrich

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Indefinite Patent Operative Omnifier|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Stick the Patent Omnifier onto the luxury speedster.{{subst:void|<!--424030903-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Tick... tock! Quick, Adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; showtoast)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowHeartDialToast",
	"StepType": "Normal",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 409
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>

{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Stay in place and observe the owner's reaction.{{subst:void|<!--424030904-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Confused Car Owner)
:'''Confused Car Owner:''' What the...? I just pressed the button on my remote control, but why is my car not responding at all?
:'''Confused Car Owner:''' Hold on, what's this? Indefinite Patent Operative Omnifier... What kind of nonsense is this?
:'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... Greetings, vehicle owner. The accessories in your "Steinway Falcon" luxury speedster might be infringing on some patents.
:'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... To protect the rights of patent creators, a mandatory lock has been put on your "Steinway Falcon" luxury speedster. Please don't worry. The lock will be automatically unlocked once the infringement risk is resolved!
:'''Confused Car Owner:''' Wh&mdash;What!? No way! This is my speedster! I paid a fortune for it!
:'''Confused Car Owner:''' You're just a useless piece of paper! I'll just rip you...
:'''Confused Car Owner:''' Wh&mdash;What? I can't rip it up!? What kind of sorcery is this?
:'''Confused Car Owner:''' No! Y&mdash;You can't do this to me! I promised Catherine that I'd take her for a ride in the Golden Hour today! You... you are... you... Aaarrrggghhh!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Stick the Patent Omnifier onto the telescope.{{subst:void|<!--424030905-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Stay in place and observe the Bloodhound's reaction.{{subst:void|<!--424030906-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Alarmed Bloodhound)
:'''Alarmed Bloodhound:''' So, is this the telescope that went haywire?
:'''Troubled Bloodhound:''' Obviously. Didn't you see the note taped to it? Indefinite Patent Operative Omnifier?... What kind of new trickery is this?
:'''Troubled Bloodhound:''' Those Dreamchasers just won't stop causing trouble... Can't they just peacefully enjoy their life in this dream?
:'''Alarmed Bloodhound:''' I'll... rip it off...
:'''Alarmed Bloodhound:''' ...Hmm, I can't rip it off. It doesn't seem to be an ordinary note. Maybe we should report it?
:'''Troubled Bloodhound:''' ...You want to disturb the family head over such a small matter? Think again...
:'''Alarmed Bloodhound:''' What will happen if these notes start appearing everywhere like a bad rash? It's better safe than sorry...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Stick the Patent Omnifier onto the billboard.{{subst:void|<!--424030907-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Zappy Gun Salesman)
:'''Zappy Gun Salesman:''' Zap away discomfort! Instant relief! The best of the best: Zappy Gun!
:'''Zappy Gun Salesman:''' Order now and you might win the Zappy Zap-Up Bundle!
:You have no idea what this "Zappy Gun" is supposed to do... although it does sound a bit questionable.
:But anyway, you're not planning on buying these weird toys anyway. Just finish Emmrich's task.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SelectMissionItem",
	"OnlyPerformance": true,
	"ItemIDList": [
		140468
	],
	"ItemHiddenIDList": [],
	"ItemInvisibleIDList": [],
	"ItemSelect": [
		{
			"Item1": 140468,
			"TriggerCustomString": "1404681"
		}
	],
	"SlotNum": 1,
	"InfoText": {
		"Hash": 524940953
	},
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	},
	"OnSubmitSucceed": [],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; 1404681)
:{{Black Screen|With a "slap," you stick the Indefinite Patent Operative Omnifier onto the sales billboard. The billboard topples over, but you swear you didn't exert much force.}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_paper"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
::'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... Initiating infringement risk analysis...
::'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... Analysis complete! Object identified: A sales billboard.
::'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... Conclusion: The analyses regarding the raw materials, supply chain, and related technologies show no risk of infringement.
::'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... Current risk: The billboard is advertising Mr. Emmrich's invention, and he's currently in a dispute with his distributor over the sales share.
::'''Patent Operative Omnifier:''' *Beep*... To ensure Mr. Emmrich's rights as the inventor, a mandatory lock will now be put on the sales billboard. The lock will be automatically unlocked once the infringement risk is resolved!
::The billboard is not making sounds anymore, and it's making you feel bad. You can't believe you went to such lengths for that selfish inventor.
::You feel a mix of emotions. Maybe you should stay for a while to witness others' reactions... or just walk away.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Stay in place and observe the reactions of other billboards.{{subst:void|<!--424030908-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Diamond Doll Salesman)
:'''Floatdisc Burger Saleswoman:''' Oh! {{Rubi|Great One|Harmony}}! How did our poor brother end up like this!
:'''Diamond Doll Salesman:''' Wonderful! Now that the Zappy Gun billboard is done for, everyone will flock to buy the Diamond Doll!
:'''Floatdisc Burger Saleswoman:''' Seriously, mate? Have a little empathy! How can you be so heartless when our brother is lying dead on the street?
:'''Diamond Doll Salesman:''' We're billboards, man! We don't have "empathy"!
:'''Diamond Doll Salesman:''' And besides, that billboard was not promoting your competitor's product or messing with your business! Of course you can just play the good guy!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report to Emmrich{{subst:void|<!--424030909-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Emmrich
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：艾默里奇
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：艾默里奇
|ja   = クロックトリック：エムリッヒ
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 엠리히
|es   = Trucorreloj: Emmrich
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Emmrich
|ru   = Заводной механизм: Эммерих
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: Emmrich
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Emmrich
|de   = Uhrwerk: Emmrich
|id   = Clockwork: Emmrich
|pt   = Truquelógio: Emmrich
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
