<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Lew Archer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240313
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Lew Archer.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Lew Archer; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Lost Crystal*3; Clock Credits*180; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Lew Archer''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Head to SoulGlad Club and meet up with Lew Archer.
# A monster turned into a little girl? Lew Archer must know something...
# Talk to Lew Archer once more.
# Defeat the emerging Dreamjolt Troupe.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Lew Archer)
:A female Dreamchaser stood at the edge of the railing, lost in thought as she gazed upon the flowing traffic below, poised as if contemplating a leap.
:Nonetheless, ending your life by jumping off a building in a dream is like trying to kill yourself with a balloon &mdash; Absolutely impossible.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't take your own life!
::'''Lew Archer:''' Take my own life... Alas, it's a shame that this is nothing more than a meaningless show.
::{{Black Screen|The woman steps back to safety after hearing you.}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You'll only wake up from the dream if you do that.
::'''Lew Archer:''' Wake up... Indeed, this is nothing more than a meaningless show.
::{{Black Screen|The woman steps back to safety after hearing you.}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Observe silently)
::{{Black Screen|The woman steps back to safety after standing in silence for a while.}}
:'''Lew Archer:''' There's no death in dreams. The greatest punishment is to return to the harsh reality... A tragedy never concludes, but rather takes on a different form to begin anew.
:'''Lew Archer:''' As a detective, I can't believe I couldn't figure it out...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's on your mind?
::'''Lew Archer:''' ...I was just wallowing in self-pity as a loser.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are a detective?
::'''Lew Archer:''' Yes, and I'm the worst kind in the entire universe.
:'''Lew Archer:''' I've gone through many things in my life, most of which aren't worth mentioning, but some are so infuriating that they leave me shaking in anger in the middle of the night.
:'''Lew Archer:''' I've squandered many chances and made the wrong decisions many times. My life is like a pair of muddy boots that gets heavier with each step I take.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Perhaps those things are destined to happen to a detective as incompetent as me...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to SoulGlad Club and meet up with Lew Archer.{{subst:void|<!--424031303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Tick... tock! Quick, adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lew Archer)
----
:'''Lew Archer:''' ...Are my eyes failing me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How come the Dreamjolt Troupe is here?
::'''Lew Archer:''' You saw it too, didn't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you standing around?
::'''Lew Archer:''' Shh, be careful. See that thing on the road?
:'''Lew Archer:''' I've heard of that monster, but... why is it on the streets? Where are the people from The Family. The Bloodhounds? Hasn't anyone noticed it?
:You look around and see that everyone else is oblivious to the monster. Perhaps it's only visible to some, just like Clockie.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Tsk, that thing isn't supposed to run free on the streets... Since the Bloodhound Family isn't going to deal with it, I'll carry out my duty as a detective!
:'''Lew Archer:''' Let's enjoy a drink of SoulGlad together next time. Now, I have to get rid of that thing. You should find a place to hide.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No one is to look down upon the Galactic Baseballer!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My baseball bat is more than just an eye candy!
:'''Lew Archer:''' You want to come along? That's great! You can watch my back!
{{Dialogue End}}

===A monster turned into a little girl? Lew Archer must know something...{{subst:void|<!--424031305-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Lew Archer)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Lew Archer once more.{{subst:void|<!--424031306-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lew Archer)
:'''Lew Archer:''' It's hard to believe something like this can take place in Penacony...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That girl has forgiven you.
::'''Lew Archer:''' Maybe, but... it still feels surreal to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It might be a special counseling service provided by The Family.
::'''Lew Archer:''' The Family doesn't have the time to arrange psychological therapy for a failed detective.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why am I still confused?
::'''Lew Archer:''' I'm sorry, friend. I'll tell you all the details after this if you're interested.
::'''Lew Archer:''' But now, I need some time to process what happened earlier.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Should I be happy? Am I supposed to do a celebratory stretch and embark on a new life, like what the actors in dream bubbles always do?
:'''Lew Archer:''' This seems... a bit too easy. I can't even be sure whether that was the real Noka, her soul, or merely a figment of my imagination.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Can I really let go of my mistake so easily?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We can't always live in our past.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' We can't always live in our past. Blaming yourself is just your way of escaping reality.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If you want to make up for your mistake, you've got to start by facing the reality.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's done cannot be undone.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What's done cannot be undone. No matter how grief-stricken you are, you can no longer bring the girl back to life.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Blaming yourself is just your way of escaping reality. If you want to make up for your mistake, you've got to start by facing reality.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Yes, you're right... What's done cannot be undone, just like time can never mend the cracks in a stone.
:'''Lew Archer:''' The only thing I can do is to accept reality and live my life well...
:'''Lew Archer:''' Thanks a lot. Although it isn't something complicated, sometimes it takes someone else to say it for it to sink in.
:'''Lew Archer:''' I think I'll always remember that girl... until we both return to dust.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Phew... After all that, I guess I finally have some time to have a drink of SoulGlad.
:'''Lew Archer:''' Come on, let's drink to our past and departed friends. Cheers!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat the emerging Dreamjolt Troupe.{{subst:void|<!--424031304-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Lew Archer
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：卢•阿彻
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：盧•阿徹
|ja   = クロックトリック：レ・ウォーチャー
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 루•아처
|es   = Trucorreloj: Lew Archer
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Lou Archer
|ru   = Заводной механизм: Лью Арчер
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: Lew Archer
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Lew Archer
|de   = Uhrwerk: Lew Archer
|id   = Clockwork: Lew Archer
|pt   = Truquelógio: Lew Archer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
