<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clockwork: Benny#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4240307
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Clockwork Benny.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Clockwork
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Benny; Trailblazer; Woolsey
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Dream's Edge]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Dream's Edge
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Lost Crystal*3; Clock Credits*180; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Clockwork: Benny''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]] in the chapter [[Clockwork]].

==Steps==
# Collect Uma's opinions on the outcomes of the Dream's Edge project
# Collect Sir Whittaker's opinions on the outcomes of the Dream's Edge project
# Collect Woolsey's opinions on the outcomes of the Dream's Edge project
# Return to the Dream's Edge and report to Benny.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect Uma's opinions on the outcomes of the Dream's Edge project{{subst:void|<!--424030704-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Tick... tock! Quick, adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect Sir Whittaker's opinions on the outcomes of the Dream's Edge project{{subst:void|<!--424030705-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect Woolsey's opinions on the outcomes of the Dream's Edge project{{subst:void|<!--424030706-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Woolsey)
:{{A|VO vo ambient w3 greeting woolsey 101 calm.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w3 greeting woolsey 102 calm.ogg}} '''Woolsey:''' Don't worry about accidents &mdash; The Family will protect each and every guest.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you think about the Dream's Edge project?
:'''Woolsey:''' Hmm...
:'''Woolsey:''' With all due respect, that entire project... lacks imagination.
:'''Woolsey:''' From the way I see it, their Dreamweavers seem to follow a fixed formula when they work. When it's supposed to be a creative process, they may look more like they are solving a geometric problem.
:'''Woolsey:''' That's not the deal-breaker. What truly makes me sick is...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is it?
:'''Woolsey:''' ...Their obsession with doors.
:'''Woolsey:''' You'll get what I mean when you visit the place. Doors are everywhere in the city! You have to pass through a door to enter a building, cross a pedestrian bridge, and access the rooftop garden.
:'''Woolsey:''' What's the reason behind the obsession? I'm puzzled. If no one cares to explain, I'll take it as a sign of incompetence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please give it a score out of ten.
:'''Woolsey:''' Hmm...
:'''Woolsey:''' I'll give it a... seven. It isn't too harsh and is fair.
:'''Woolsey:''' I've been told that the team used to produce many critically acclaimed virtual reality projects back then. Who knows? Some people might be drawn to it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Dream's Edge and report to Benny.{{subst:void|<!--424030707-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Dream's Edge|update|Tick... tock! Quick, Adjust the hands... Tick, tock!<br />People's minds await your exploration. Help them regain their true selves!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Benny)
:'''Benny:''' The mission is yours, buddy! I need a fresh face to gather information for me, as I want to find out how The Family values our work.
:'''Benny:''' If possible, I'd like them to rate our work... It's up to you who you want to approach. Don't worry, as anyone who holds a position in The Family should have already been here and tried what we have to offer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've collected the ratings from some Family members.
:'''Benny:''' You're so reliable, buddy! I knew I could trust you!
:'''Benny:''' Now, tell me everything. Let me see what they think of my project.
:'''Benny:''' ...
:'''Benny:''' Seven... Seven!?
:'''Benny:''' ...Are you sure the scores come from the bottom of their hearts? You didn't say anything that swayed their opinions, did you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why would I want to do that?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't pin this on me...
:'''Benny:''' This is outrageous... I can't accept it!
:'''Benny:''' Look at the ridiculous things they said about my project! My team and I are so committed to this project. Why can't they just be grateful for what we've done?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerBlendShapesEmotion",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 213
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"EmotionName": "Angry01",
	"TransitTime": 0.2
}</pre>
:'''Benny:''' Who made this comment? Mediocre!? Does she even know anything about the industry? We're making something ahead of this era here. She should improve her tastes before making any comments!
:'''Benny:''' What does this guy mean about Miracle Benjamin being more of a gimmick than substance?
:'''Benny:''' It's downright nonsense! Is he accusing us of false advertising? We mean everything we include in the advertisement. He's welcome to come here and count whether there are indeed a thousand buildings here!
:'''Benny:''' We're obsessed with doors? What kind of a comment is that? Is it a joke? How about he remove all the doors in his house and see whether it makes his life better?
:'''Benny:''' These two-faced scumbags from The Family! They greet us with smiling faces but criticize us behind our backs...
:'''Benny:''' They can humiliate me, but they mustn't disrespect my team and our hard work! That would be crossing the line!
:'''Benny:''' No way. I need to talk to them and sort things out. Why can't they speak up forthrightly if there's something they aren't happy with? Are they secretly waiting to see me making a fool out of myself? Have they forgotten this is also their project?
:'''Benny:''' Thank you so much, buddy. If it weren't for your help, I might have been kept in the dark until the day I delivered the project. Please keep these tokens of my appreciation.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowHeartDialToast",
	"StepType": "Normal",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 213
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Clockwork: Benny
|zhs  = 钟表把戏：班尼
|zht  = 鐘錶把戲：班尼
|ja   = クロックトリック：バンニ
|ko   = 시계 트릭: 베니
|es   = Trucorreloj: Benny
|fr   = Pouvoir de la Pendule&nbsp;: Benny
|ru   = Заводной механизм: Бенни
|th   = กลนาฬิกา: Benny
|vi   = Thủ Thuật Đồng Hồ: Benny
|de   = Uhrwerk: Benny
|id   = Clockwork: Benny
|pt   = Truquelógio: Benny
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
