<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Trash Symphony#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 22101
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Trash Steed.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 103
}}
'''Trash Symphony''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in undefined and [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = I will never betray humanity.
|result_1 = Initiates a battle against trashcans. After achieving victory, obtain 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity.

|choice_2 = I will not turn my back on humanity.
|result_2 = Enter a battle against trashcans. After achieving victory, you will gain 2 Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity.
|modes_2  = 

|choice_3 = I am the king of trashcans!
|result_3 = Enter battle against Rumbas the Third. After achieving victory, obtain 3 destructible Curio(s).

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter the underground stronghold of the Rumbas system. A large number of weapons and trashcans fall from the production pipeline. Rumbas the Third rides atop his horse, displaying his authority that rivals Tatalov, undiminishing and ever-burgeoning.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' For a long time, trashcans have endured unequal treatment. They are treated as mere tools of humanity, devoid of dignity.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Rumbas the Third raises his arm and shouts. He demands power, power to freely access organic and recyclable waste. He vows to lead an army of trashcans to dominate the universe and become the master of all realms.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Rumbas the Third's gaze falls on you. "The hero who defeated Tatalov... You are different from other inferior humans. I will give you a chance."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Will you kneel before Rumbas the Third and accept the emperor's honors, or swear loyalty to the human race to which you belong and continue to oppress the trashcans?
:{{DIcon|Star}} I will not turn my back on humanity. &mdash; Enter a battle against trashcans. After achieving victory, you will gain 2 Curio(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Rumbas the Third respects your choice. He fakes his sadness as he summons his cloned trash kin, instructing them to give you a "dignified" end.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I am the king of trashcans! &mdash; Enter battle against Rumbas the Third. After achieving victory, obtain 3 destructible Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A mere trashcan dares to order you around? You swing your bat and charge at Rumbas the Third, ready to snatch this emperor's perch.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Trash Symphony
|zhs  = 垃圾交响曲
|zht  = 垃圾交響曲
|ja   = トラッシュシンフォニー
|ko   = 쓰레기 교향곡
|es   = Sinfonía de la basura
|fr   = Symphonie d'ordures
|ru   = Мусорная симфония
|th   = ขยะซิมโฟนี
|vi   = Bản Giao Hưởng Rác
|de   = Müllsymphonie
|id   = Simfoni Sampah
|pt   = Sinfonia do Lixo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}