<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cleanse in the Darkness Outside#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1011002
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cleanse in the Darkness Outside.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In the Sweltering Morning Sun
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Cleanse in the Darkness Outside]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dan Heng; March 7th; Seele; Serval; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Qlipoth Fort]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Qlipoth Fort
|prev          = 
|next          = Unattainable Idol
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*300; Condensed Aether*3; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''Cleanse in the Darkness Outside''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In the Sweltering Morning Sun]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Serval and hide at the workshop
# Talk to Serval some more
# Head out with Serval and go to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Serval and hide at the workshop{{subst:void|<!--101100203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Administrative District|update|The Supreme Guardian Cocolia has her Silvermane Guards lined up on both sides of the road to welcome you and your companions back to the Overworld. Such a grand reception can only come from a worthy ruler.<br />The Guards, however, are not so keen on the idea of putting up a show. To complete their task as soon as possible, they'd rather see you hogtied and thrown into the Qlipoth Fort.<br />You and your company are now talk of the town... Maybe you should listen to Dan Heng and go to the workshop to avoid unnecessary attention.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 201.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Ah, we're finally back! ...I forgot what fresh air tasted like... Nom, nom, nom.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where do we go now?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 202.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Wait! I haven't finished yet... Alright, let's go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What flavor is it?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 203.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...Freedom... Cold... Mainly cold actually. Let's go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't we missing something?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 201.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' No.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 201.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Where's Sampo...
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 204.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Nope. Next question.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 205.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Where's our next stop? We should find somewhere to put our feet up, as long as it's not Goethe Hotel again...
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 202.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Classic unreliable Sampo &mdash; he probably guessed we'd ask where his hiding place was. No sooner are we back in the Administrative District than he sneaks off.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We should hide in plain sight. To the hotel!
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 206.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' No way! The boss will recognize us, plus Silvermane Guards are stationed nearby. We'd be offering ourselves up on a silver platter!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A friend in need is a friend indeed. Let's find Landau!
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 207.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' The bro or the sis? If you're talking about Gepard, we should be careful... He's a top Silvermane Guard &mdash; he'd probably get a medal for every one of us he brought in.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Home is where the heart is. Back to the Express!
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 208.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Where's your sense of loyalty!? Uh, that would be nice though...
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 209.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Dan Heng, what do you think?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 202.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I think it'd be best to pay a visit to Serval Landau.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 210.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' So you think we should avoid Gepard for the time being, right?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 203.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' He's an elite officer of the Silvermane Guards. It wouldn't be easy to get to him. Besides... if he hasn't been persuaded by Bronya's letter, we'd be walking right into the lion's den.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 211.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hmm, makes sense... Guess we better head over to Serval's workshop then?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 204.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Mm. But... we must keep a low profile &mdash; we're still wanted fugitives.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 212.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' What's wrong, Seele?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 203.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Nothing, it's just a little... new.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 204.ogg}} '''Seele:''' The last time I was on the surface, I was still a child. I have no memory of any of this.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 205.ogg}} '''Seele:''' The Overworld and the Underworld... We've... We've been cut off for so long.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 206.ogg}} '''Seele:''' I'm okay. Let's go.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 201.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Who is it? Shop's closed today, you'll have to come back tomorrow!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's the radiator fixers.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 202.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Hah...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a big customer with bigger pockets!
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 203.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ha, not interested &mdash; I need time, not money!
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 214.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Serval! We came past here before and helped you fix a few things, remember?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 204.ogg}} '''Serval:''' What...?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 205.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ah, I remember! The three outsiders! Wait &mdash; why are you still strolling around the city? Do you know the Silvermane Guards are looking all over for you?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 206.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Quick, act natural and get inside. Don't get spotted!
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 207.ogg}} '''Seele:''' There are so many Silvermane Guards on patrol. Is it usually like this?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 205.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' No, I don't remember the security being this tight last time... It might have something to do with us.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 206.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' The supreme guardian has probably learned of our arrival already. Bronya...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Serval some more{{subst:void|<!--101100213-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Neverwinter Workshop|update|The Supreme Guardian Cocolia has her Silvermane Guards lined up on both sides of the road to welcome you and your companions back to the Overworld. Such a grand reception can only come from a worthy ruler.<br />The Guards, however, are not so keen on the idea of putting up a show. To complete their task as soon as possible, they'd rather see you hogtied and thrown into the Qlipoth Fort. <br />Although you've managed to hide in the workshop, Dan Heng seems to have his guard up against the noble girl with complex relations with the Supreme Guardian.<br />It'd be best to talk with Serval first and see what you can find out about her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 207.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Alright, you'll be safe here. My workshop has pretty good soundproofing, and barely anyone comes in.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 208.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Just what crime did you commit exactly? They recalled a bunch of Guards from the front line to track you down &mdash; it's unprecedented. Now they're patrolling the whole city and everyone's in a panic.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 215.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Oh, we just&mdash;
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 208.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Not yet, March.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 209.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Bronya said we could trust you completely.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 209.ogg}} '''Serval:''' You mean to say that you don't trust me completely?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 210.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Good! That's smart of you. But you needn't worry, Cocolia and I aren't even on speaking terms. It was her that ejected me from the Architects &mdash; I refuse to stand with her.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 211.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I don't believe you guys would do anything bad, and the Architects are gonna need conclusive and publicly available evidence for me to think otherwise. Besides, I know the Architects, and if they did have any evidence, they would've released it by now.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 212.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I know Cocolia's style &mdash; get everyone into a frenzy first.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 213.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Most people in a frenzy don't stop to ponder the details.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know Cocolia well?
::Do you know Cocolia well?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what details have you been pondering?
::So what details have you been pondering?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you dislike Cocolia?
::Do you dislike Cocolia?
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 207.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Alright, you'll be safe here. My workshop has pretty good soundproofing, and barely anyone comes in.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 208.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Just what crime did you commit exactly? They recalled a bunch of Guards from the front line to track you down &mdash; it's unprecedented. Now they're patrolling the whole city and everyone's in a panic.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 215.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Oh, we just&mdash;
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 208.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Not yet, March.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 209.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Bronya said we could trust you completely.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 209.ogg}} '''Serval:''' You mean to say that you don't trust me completely?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 210.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Good! That's smart of you. But you needn't worry, Cocolia and I aren't even on speaking terms. It was her that ejected me from the Architects &mdash; I refuse to stand with her.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 211.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I don't believe you guys would do anything bad, and the Architects are gonna need conclusive and publicly available evidence for me to think otherwise. Besides, I know the Architects, and if they did have any evidence, they would've released it by now.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 212.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I know Cocolia's style &mdash; get everyone into a frenzy first.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 213.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Most people in a frenzy don't stop to ponder the details.
:Do you know Cocolia well?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 214.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Hehe, you could say that... We were like sisters once &mdash; inseparable. Of course, that was all before she became the supreme guardian...
:So what details have you been pondering?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 215.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Me? None. What Cocolia and the Architects get up to has nothing to do with me. My time is too precious for pondering.
:Do you dislike Cocolia?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 216.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Dislike? We were like sisters once &mdash; inseparable. Of course, that was all before she became the supreme guardian...
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 217.ogg}} '''Serval:''' These days I just spend my time fixing things in this workshop and playing music. It's a pretty carefree existence.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 218.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* If I'm not careful I'll start boring you all with sob stories from the past. Let's get back to you guys. If long-lost Bronya told you to come here, you must have something important to tell me?
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 219.ogg}} '''Serval:''' You can trust me. I know our paths have only crossed once before, but my intuition tells me you guys are good people. And I've got good intuition by the way, haha.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We may as well tell the long and short of it from start to finish.
::We may as well tell the long and short of it from start to finish.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We may as well cut to the chase and make a long story short.
::We may as well cut to the chase and make a long story short.
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Serval)
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 224.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Only a very few people in Belobog know of the existence of the Stellaron. Those that do would never associate it with the Fragmentum or Eternal Freeze.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 225.ogg}} '''Serval:''' But according to the data recorded in that robot, Svarog... the Architects dug out the truth long ago. The research results were purposely hidden away to ensure that the outside world would never know of them.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 226.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Just my luck... Out of all the research topics I could've chosen, I insisted on the Stellaron. It's clear now that anyone who wanted to get closer to the truth would have been expelled or "abandoned."
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 227.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Maybe I should be thanking Cocolia. All she did was push me out... She could've decided to take a more permanent measure.
:{{DIcon}} How much do you know about the Stellaron?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 228.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I figured out that the Stellaron and the Fragmentum were linked, so I was already close to the truth. It's a shame that the Architects ejected me before I could discover that the source of the Fragmentum was the Stellaron itself.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 229.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Before I lost my position, I was applying for permission to survey the Stellaron directly. It was my research topic, but I'd never even set eyes on it. My research was all based on historical data and lab simulations.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 230.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Not long after I submitted my preliminary report and application, I received my punishment. It was obvious that somebody didn't want my research to continue.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Do you know what Cocolia's end goal is?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 231.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Cocolia... It's been so many years since we last spoke. We were great friends once &mdash; there was nothing we wouldn't share.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 232.ogg}} '''Serval:''' She became a completely different person when she took on the supreme guardianship. The convictions she once held, her enthusiasm... it was like they were drawn out of her by some mysterious force.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 233.ogg}} '''Serval:''' She gave the order to expel me herself and refused to see me... I never understood that behavior, and I gave up trying to use logic to work it out a long time ago.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 234.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Sometimes I even wonder whether she really did become a different person... is that possible? Perhaps there's a single guardian's consciousness that gets handed down from generation to generation... and the real Cocolia has already vanished.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 235.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Is she being compelled by previous generations of guardians to make such baffling decisions? Who knows... but this might make for good songwriting material.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Can we talk to Gepard?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 236.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Gepard? Not a chance... He's a decent guy, but also famously uncompromising.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 237.ogg}} '''Serval:''' For my brother, orders are more important than anything. Even if you stuck Bronya's letter to his forehead, he wouldn't be swayed.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 238.ogg}} '''Serval:''' You need to choose your words carefully if you want to persuade him of something. It might be best if I talk to him... though I'd need a strategy first.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know where the Stellaron is?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 239.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Yes. I never observed it directly, but I used lab simulations and outbound surveys to establish a rough location.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 240.ogg}} '''Serval:''' According to the survey results, the Stellaron is likely to the north of Belobog... somewhere in the vast Snow Plains.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 212.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' We must locate it as soon as possible &mdash; ideally before Cocolia takes action. Can you tell us the way?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 241.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Not a problem, I was thinking the same thing! But I'm afraid telling you might not be enough.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 242.ogg}} '''Serval:''' The area to the north of Belobog has been more or less swallowed up by the Fragmentum. If you want to get to the northern Snow Plains, you'll need to get past the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone on the front lines first.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 243.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Even if you get past the restricted zone in one piece... you'll have a whole heap of Fragmentum to deal with.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 244.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Yes. That's where the main force of the Silvermane Guards is stationed. They've consolidated their position there in order to resist the encroaching Fragmentum.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A whole heap of Fragmentum...
:::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 245.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Correct. And it's different from the underground towns you described. The Fragmentum there has quite literally torn everything to pieces &mdash; there's no sign of life, despite the monsters.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 218.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' It sounds like... The three of us and Seele might not be enough. Why don't we go back underground and get Wildfire to come with us?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 danheng 213.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I fear we may not have the time.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 246.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Hey, enough pessimism! Back in my "official capacity" days, I spent a lot of time in the north &mdash; I got to know the soldiers and officers on the front line very well.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 247.ogg}} '''Serval:''' This calls for brainwaves, not "brawnwaves." How about I take you over myself?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 219.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Really? Great! Phew, it's less scary if someone you know is leading the way!
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 248.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Haha, I wanna see the Stellaron too, y'know &mdash; it was my research topic for over a decade. You don't get that many decades in life.
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 249.ogg}} '''Serval:''' That's settled then! There's no time to lose &mdash; we should head out as soon as you're ready.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head out with Serval and go to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone{{subst:void|<!--101100206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Neverwinter Workshop|update|Luckily, Dan Heng's suspicions seem to be unfounded: Serval quickly sides with you and even provides a great deal of valuable information.<br />You are safe for the time being but will soon be waist-deep in danger again... This time, the destination is a place with the most Silvermane Guards in all of Belobog &mdash; the Fragmentum Frontline.<br />No risk, no reward, as they say. If you want to truly dismantle the crisis in front of you, being exposed to danger seems inevitable.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Neverwinter Workshop|update|Gepard's visit took everyone by surprise. Thanks to Serval's resourcefulness, she was able to persuade her brother to leave and prevent a disaster from happening.<br />You are safe for the time being but will soon be waist-deep in danger again... This time, the destination is a place with the most Silvermane Guards in all of Belobog &mdash; the Fragmentum Frontline.<br />No risk, no reward, as they say. If you want to truly dismantle the crisis in front of you, being exposed to danger seems inevitable.}}

;(Talk to Serval)
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 mar7th 220.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Phew...I nearly suffocated! What kind of plot device was that...
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 268.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I almost lost my cool when he went for his flask...
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 211.ogg}} '''Seele:''' ...This is bad. Bronya's in danger. We have to go save her.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 269.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Attempting to storm Qlipoth Fort by ourselves? Forget it, Seele. I don't care how skilled you are. I'm not sending you on a suicide mission.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 270.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Rest assured, Cocolia may have changed over the years... but she'd never hurt Bronya. I'm certain of that.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 seele 212.ogg}} '''Seele:''' ...You sound like Bronya herself. I don't get it &mdash; you guys are against Cocolia, and yet in some ways, you seem to trust her completely.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you thought of a way to persuade Gepard?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 271.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I was gauging his reactions just now, did you see? Unless we have irrefutable evidence, he won't question Cocolia's orders. If you go after him now, our plan's as good as over.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is Gepard going to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone?
::{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 272.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Didn't you hear him? He said he needs to take care of a few matters in the city first. If we're fast enough, we can stay out of his way.
:{{A|VO chapter1 7 serval 273.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Come on, let's go to the restricted zone. If we can get ahead of the curve and find the Stellaron, Cocolia will be out of options.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cleanse in the Darkness Outside
|zhs  = 在屋外的黑暗中洗涤
|zht  = 在屋外的黑暗中洗滌
|ja   = 屋外の闇の中で
|ko   = 옥외의 어둠 속 세척
|es   = Purificación en la oscuridad externa
|fr   = Raser les murs
|ru   = Очистка внешней тьмы
|th   = ชะล้างท่ามกลางความมืดภายนอก
|vi   = Gột Rửa Trong Bóng Tối Bên Ngoài
|de   = Reinigung in der Dunkelheit da draußen
|id   = Pencucian di Luar Kegelapan
|pt   = Limpeza na Escuridão Lá Fora
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
