<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Lion's Arena#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_35.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 150
}}
'''The Lion's Arena''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Make a taunting pose at the giant lion.

|choice_1_1 = I'll take ten of you!

|choice_1_1_1 = One of you must die today.
|result_1_1_1 = Enter a very difficult battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity, 1 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, and 1 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity

|choice_1_2 = Enough talk. Keep fighting.
|result_1_2 = Enter a difficult battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, 1 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, and 200 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_2 = Enough talk. Let's fight.
|result_2 = Enter a battle. If you win, you will gain 1 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 200 Cosmic Fragments
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your hood is yanked off, and in an instant, your senses are assaulted &mdash; a grand circular arena, a frenzied crowd, and corpses strewn across the bloodstained sand. Your instincts scream danger, but at least there's one silver lining &mdash; you're still breathing.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is the arena of Castrum Kremnos, where the citizens of Castrum Kremnos exalt in slaughter, celebrating yet another triumph for their bloodthirsty king. And you? You are nothing more than the loot, a doomed offering in this twisted carnival of death.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The bronze gate rumbles open, revealing the beast, a towering lion with ten burning eyes. It catches the bloody scent of your wounds. Its enormous fangs, thick as a human forearm, grinding together with an ominous metallic screech.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Make a taunting pose at the giant lion. &mdash; The difficulty of the battle increases, and you'll receive more bountiful rewards after victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Listen up, kitty &mdash; keep acting up, and I'll knock your front teeth out!" The giant lion freezes, its ten eyes blinking in sheer disbelief. Then, its shock twists into unrelenting fury. With a deafening roar, it lunges straight for you, jaws unhinging.
::{{DIcon|Star}} I'll take ten of you! &mdash; The difficulty of the battle increases further, and you'll receive very bountiful rewards after victory
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "A little kitty like this? Ha! I could take on ten more!" You have no idea what possessed you to blurt that out, but the giant lion seems to have understood the taunt &mdash; its ten eyes blaze with bloodshot fury.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} One of you must die today. &mdash; Enter a very difficult battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity, 1 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, and 1 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You unleash a barrage of insults, each one sharper than the last, your body moving instinctively into taunting stances you don't even remember learning. Whatever possessed you, it's working &mdash; the beast has snapped.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Enough talk. Keep fighting. &mdash; Enter a difficult battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, 1 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity, and 200 Cosmic Fragments
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' The last fight had already drained you. You just want this over with.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Enough talk. Let's fight. &mdash; Enter a battle. If you win, you will gain 1 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 200 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The talkative ones die first. You drop the theatrics, shift into a battle stance, and steel yourself for the bloodbath ahead.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Lion's Arena
|zhs  = 巨狮竞技
|zht  = 巨獅競技
|ja   = {{Rubi|巨大獅子|きょだいしし}}とのバトル
|ko   = 사자의 힘겨루기
|es   = Coliseo del león
|fr   = Arène du lion
|ru   = Состязание льва
|th   = สังเวียนสิงโตยักษ์
|vi   = Đấu Trường Sư Tử
|de   = Arena des Löwen
|id   = Arena Singa Raksasa
|pt   = A Arena do Leão
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}