{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hey! Where am I? Why are there so many people arguing inside my head?" As you put forth your inquiries, a wave of deep rage surfaces in your cognition, desiring destruction and the ruination of everything.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are now but a thread of consciousness. A thread of consciousness belonging to a perfect scholar. The members of the Intelligentsia Guild clamor ceaselessly next to your ears, arguing about the future, chaos, evolution, and languages. You listen to them murmur on and find their words meaningless.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This will be a model created by collecting data from the greatest scholars of the Guild and combining the details together into one. The Intelligentsia Guild estimates that, in the best case scenario, the first perfect scholar of the Intelligentsia Guild will be born.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As the lead scholar initiates the experiment, a new electric current surfaces within the consciousness.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Touch rationality. &mdash; Chance to obtain 3-star Curios.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Touch sensibility. &mdash; Chance to obtain 3-star Blessings.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Sink deeper. &mdash; The pursuit of knowledge is meaningless.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The existence of Finality is undoubtedly a powerful proof that the future can be observed. The past cannot be changed, yet the past is Terminus' future. Therefore, it can be deduced that &mdash; The future has long been set in stone.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' In other words, matter has no meaning.
::{{DIcon|Star}} My existence is also meaningless. &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity and 1 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "It's hard to believe, but... it erased its own data." The scholar shrugs while looking at the empty digital incubator.


;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_523904)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Concept: Transmutation. The universe's is composed of various elements such as the most fundamental particles and forces. Separate them apart, then reorganize and calculate them based on the smallest unit.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Similarly, we're trying to perform a similar observation and calculation on the Imaginary element...
::{{DIcon|Star}} Calculation failed. &mdash; Obtain 3 Curio(s) of 1-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Look. These fissured thought units are the proof that it has begun to think." The scholar displays the digital incubator before them to the crowd.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_523903)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Inspiration Circuits. Flashing electric signals and impulses. Logic. A complete and rational individual who has abandoned life's paradoxes.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Conclusion: The life model of the cosmos should be corrected by the means of eliminating organic lifeforms.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Execute. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Who added the Anti-Organic Equation in there!?" The scholar hurriedly presses the formatting button.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_523908)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Language. The foundation with which to know the universe. Humans decode information into language, store it in their brains, and complete the process of thought with language as the medium.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' If we change language, does that mean we've changed the world?
::{{DIcon|Star}} You don't need to wear anything to perform well. &mdash; Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "The 312th failure. This is acceptable." The scholar formatted the failed electrical incubator.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_523907)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The self. Some civilizations granted it the descriptor of "soul." Selves from different individuals exhibit massive differences. This difference determines the movement patterns and thought processes of the individual.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Therefore, one question must be considered.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Who am I? &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "The pursuit of the meaning of the self. I believe that it is repeating the process of becoming human." The scholar displays the digital incubator to the crowd.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}