<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Curio Hacker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 20401
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Default.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = Unknown
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 012
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Curio Hacker''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Accept the Curio "Organic Heart."
|result_1 = Obtain the Curio "Organic Heart."

|choice_2 = Accept the Curio "Mysterious Magnetism."
|result_2 = Obtain the Curio "Mysterious Magnetism."

|choice_3 = Leave.
|result_3 = You refused.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A "hacker" suddenly invades the screen as you are engrossed in the video game you are playing. The congregating data form it takes gradually solidifies &mdash; it appears to be a blue-haired being. It sways its blue hair and flashes you a smile.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'm trying to replicate Madam Herta's Curios. Don't ask me who I am. This is just my virtual avatar. I'll offer you something nice... but they're different to how normal Curios work. You have to pay the price first before you get the rewards," it says.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Do you want to take the deal?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the Curio "Organic Heart." &mdash; Obtain the Curio "Organic Heart."
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio&colon; {{Item|"Organic Heart"|20|type=Curio}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the Curio "Mysterious Magnetism." &mdash; Obtain the Curio "Mysterious Magnetism."
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio&colon; {{Item|Mysterious Magnetism|20|type=Curio}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You refused.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Curio Hacker
|zhs  = 奇物黑客
|zht  = 奇物駭客
|ja   = {{Rubi|奇物|きぶつ}}ハッカー
|ko   = 기물 해커
|es   = Hacker de objetos raros
|fr   = Hacker de bizarreries
|ru   = Хакер диковин
|th   = แฮ็กเกอร์วัตถุหายาก
|vi   = Hacker Vật Thể Lạ
|de   = Kuriositäten-Hacker
|id   = Hacker Benda Langka
|pt   = Hacker de Curio
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}