<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Dash of Color#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 22601
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Salesperson.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 108
}}
'''A Dash of Color''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Pale gold.
|result_1 = Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments.

|choice_2 = Blood red.
|result_2 = Obtain 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.

|choice_3 = Dark gray.
|result_3 = Obtain 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter the dimly lit archives as the records around you emit an atmosphere of decay. In the center of the platform, you see a painter busy mixing colors on their palette.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I am a nameless scholar of the Candelagraphos, and you have no reason to recall who I am."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' He answers your question before you even have time to ask and traces a few gentle strokes onto the canvas to outline your figure. "History must be traced via painting before they are completedly eroded away."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The artist sighs as they bite their brush, seemingly unsure of how to round off their work. "For the final touch, Nameless, what color is history to you?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pale gold. &mdash; Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Though the IPC has played an important role for over a thousand Amber Eras, in my eyes, they are no more than a blemish on this painting." The painter loosed a mocking scoff.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Blood red. &mdash; Obtain 2 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "There is no land that is not stained with the colors of death and blood. Though the Interstellar Energy War and the Emperor's War were waged almost simultaneously, the blood on the hands of the Emperor is nowhere near as bright and radiant as that on the hands of organic beings." The painter slowly lifted their hand to add bright scarlet to their work.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Dark gray. &mdash; Obtain 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "There are always those who will try to interpret the properties of time. History Fictionologists attempt to fabricate a past for Rubert, but such struggles are meaningless in the face of time itself." The pressure of the artist's brush grows almost heavy enough to pierce the canvas.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Dash of Color
|zhs  = 一抹色彩
|zht  = 一抹色彩
|ja   = {{Rubi|一抹|いちまつ}}の{{Rubi|色彩|しきさい}}
|ko   = 일말의 색
|es   = Una pizca de color
|fr   = Une touche de couleur
|ru   = Всплеск цвета
|th   = แต้มหนึ่งสีสัน
|vi   = Vệt Màu
|de   = Ein Hauch von Farbe
|id   = Secercah Warna
|pt   = Uma Pitada de Cor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}