<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Beneath the White Cloak Program#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 111
|partIds      = 190251;190252;190253
|title        = ''Beneath the White Cloak'' Program
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A program booklet from the musical ''Beneath the White Cloak''. Free of charge upon purchasing a ticket.
|part1        = Page One
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Page Two
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Page Three
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Beneath the White Cloak'' Program''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Page One===
<div align="center">Opening Date: February 21</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|36|The Golden Theater}}</div><br /><div align="center">''{{Size|18|22 West, Alisa Avenue, Administrative District}}''</div>

<div align="center">A classic musical in production for thirty years</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|50|Beneath the White Cloak}}</div><br /><div align="center">''An absurd rumor passes through the room as an unexpected guest arrives at the nobles' feast.''</div><br /><div align="center">''She wears a mask chiseled out of ice and a cloak the color of hoarfrost, bringing horrid death everywhere she goes.''</div><br /><div align="center">''The new theater manager tries hard to serve the nobles, and yet when an opera opens''</div><br /><div align="center">''A guest in white appears in box number five without an invitation, and the century-old tale re-surfaces in this grand gala...''</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|24|The longest running show in the history of the Golden Theater}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|24|A special thirty-year commemorative performance, with a brilliant never-before-seen cast.}}</div>

<div align="center">Recipient of {{Size|32|37}} Goliards Award for Best Musical</div><br /><div align="center">Goliards Awards for Best Direction in a Musical: {{Size|32|Harold}}</div><br /><div align="center">Goliards Awards for Best Composer for a Musical and Life-Time Awardee: {{Size|32|Andrew}}</div><br /><div align="center">Goliards Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for Musicals: {{Size|32|Sylvia, Sara}}</div><br /><div align="center">Goliards Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for Musicals: {{Size|32|Laming, Steven}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|And more mysterious guest performances.}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|Presented by the Golden Theater Musical Department!}}</div>

<div align="center">Main Director: Harold. Composer: Andrew. Producer: Charlie. Theater Manager: Larry</div><br /><div align="center">Costume Designer: Martin. Artistic Director: Judith. Sound Director: Chris. Conductor: Rhea</div><br /><div align="center">Stage Manager: Bonnie. Set Designer: Taylor. Lighting: Jenny. Media Liaison: George</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Cast}}</div><br /><div align="center">Lareina &mdash; Sylvia</div><br /><div align="center">Rebecca, Lady in White &mdash; Sara</div><br /><div align="center">Count David &mdash; Laming</div><br /><div align="center">Viscount Patton &mdash; Steven</div><br /><div align="center">Mike, Theater Manager &mdash; Nicholas</div><br /><div align="center">Joanna, Viscount Patton's Wife &mdash; Maya</div><br /><div align="center">Kristen, Leading Lady of the Theater&mdash; Sheila</div><br /><div align="center">Raul, Viscount Patton's Son &mdash; William</div><br /><div align="center">Madam Maria &mdash; Elisa</div><br /><div align="center">Circus Owner &mdash; Barry</div><br /><div align="center">Prince Frank &mdash; Peter</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Program}}</div><br /><div align="center">"Variations on the Beneath the White Cloak Theme, Prologue Version" &mdash; Orchestra</div><br /><div align="center">"The Theater Opens" &mdash; Mike, Kristen, Raul, Lareina</div><br /><div align="center">"Theater Story" &mdash; Kristen, Lareina</div><br /><div align="center">"A Warning Letter in Box Number Five" &mdash; Mike, Rebecca, Lareina, Patton</div><br /><div align="center">"A Kiss of Farewell at Night" &mdash; Lareina, Patton</div><br /><div align="center">"Snow Mask and White Dress" &mdash; Lareina, Rebecca</div><br /><div align="center">"She Comes From a Dream" &mdash; Lareina, Rebecca</div><br /><div align="center">"Call My Name" &mdash; Lareina, Rebecca</div><br /><div align="center">"Magnificent Gala" &mdash; David, Patton, Joanna, Raul, Madam Maria</div><br /><div align="center">"The Show is About to Begin" &mdash; Lareina, Rebecca, Kristen, Raul</div><br /><div align="center">"Uninvited Guest" &mdash; Circus Owner, Prince Frank, Kristen</div><br /><div align="center">"Revenge at the Masquerade" &mdash; Rebecca, David, Patton, Prince Frank, Circus Owner</div><br /><div align="center">"Survival and a Marriage Proposal" &mdash; Lareina, Count David</div><br /><div align="center">"She Came Without an Invitation" &mdash; Rebecca, Lareina</div><br /><div align="center">"I Have No Wish" &mdash; Lareina, Rebecca</div><br /><div align="center">"Sleepless Night" &mdash; Entire Cast</div>

===Page Two===
<div align="center">The Thirty-Year Commemorative Performance of ''Beneath the White Cloak'' Is About to Start! Here Are the Three Unmissable Moments in the Show</div><br /><div align="right">Author: Olsen, Journalist of ''Belobog Weekly''</div>

With a dazzling cast never before seen, the Golden Theater recently drew up the curtains for the powerful thirty-year commemorative performance for ''Beneath the White Cloak''! Apparently, the number of citizens queuing up for tickets had repeatedly blocked key roads in the Administrative District, ultimately getting the Silvermane Guards to come out to maintain order.

The suspense musical ''Beneath the White Cloak'', famous throughout Belobog, is the longest running show in the history of the Golden Theater. As we anticipate the thirty-year commemorative performance, we review the three unmissable famous scenes in the history of this show.

1. The mysterious white silk and crystal petals that fall from box number five<br />When the Lady in White first appears, a very mysterious and delicate white silk will fall from on top of box number five. Hand-made crystal petals will also fall with the silk. In previous and popular versions of the show, the silk usually falls at a speed of 2.5 meters per second. The hand-made flower petals are specifically dyed to reflect marvelous colors under the light. Importantly, out of all the official merchandise sold in the theater for ''Beneath the White Cloak'', the crystal petals are the most popular &mdash; The cast also do not prohibit the audience from taking the petals with them. For over thirty years, this had been the unspoken agreement between the audience and the production cast. In fact, the thirty-year commemorative production had declared they had more than six thousand crystal petals prepared for every performance.

2. Count David's Proposal: The Omnipresent Lady in White<br />When Count David publicly proposes to Lareina, the most fascinating part is not the seemingly romantic love story between the lead characters, but the unpredictable re-appearance of the Lady in White. In the initial version of the performance, the Lady in White suddenly appeared in the audience. As the Golden Theater became more technically advanced, the Lady in White's re-appearance became more mysterious and epic. She could walk out from the reflections of countless mirrors on the stage, and could also rise slowly from beneath the floor boards under the candelabra in the middle of the audience after a loud bang and copious amounts of fog. The technical department of the Theater designed a set that can only be moved with twenty people in order to create the mystery of the Lady in White. This had satisfied the audience for the past decade, and also gave rise to a minigame popular amongst theater-goers &mdash; can YOU guess where the Lady in White is going to appear during a particular performance?

3. An all-star finale sang by established and upcoming actors<br />The final chorus is the closing act for all actors in the theater within the show. The protagonist Lareina is only an upcoming character, while Rebecca stands in the audience and they gaze at each other. In the story, the protagonist silently leaves the stage as the leading actors sing together. However, ''Beneath the White Cloak'' had influenced generations of musical talent in the past thirty years. At the end of the story, the final song "Sleepless Night" was just meant to be a collective performance, but the wide appeal of the show gradually became the collective memory of generations. Nowadays, the "temporary actors" appearing on stage at the final song are usually very established actors, or even past leads in older renditions of ''Beneath the White Cloak''. Various famous actors in the musical scene would also make sudden appearances in this ending show. For the audience, this is an absolutely must-see moment, a sparkling scene that will get you your money's worth &mdash; who can say no to the joy of trying to count how many famous actors are on the stage at the end?

===Page Three===
<div align="center">''The thirty-year legendary musical, ''Beneath the White Cloak''''</div><br /><div align="center">''Will officially begin its commemorative performance at the Golden Theater on February 21.''</div><br /><div align="center">''Limited tickets and merchandise will be available at the counter.''</div>

<div align="center">Binder with the cover of ''Beneath the White Cloak''</div><br /><div align="center">The cover of the binder is printed with the poster of ''Beneath the White Cloak''</div><br /><div align="center">The size of the binder perfectly matches the size of the program, with a great storage capacity of 30 pages.</div><br /><div align="center">Practical and highly memorable, suitable for storing piles of programs you get from the theater.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1500 shield</div>

<div align="center">Thirty-year anniversary commemorative album for ''Beneath the White Cloak''</div><br /><div align="center">A commemorative album showcasing thirty years of casts and stage sets for all the iterations of ''Beneath the White Cloak''."</div><br /><div align="center">A special release for audience members who love ''Beneath the White Cloak''," containing behind-the-scene stories that were never before seen!</div><br /><div align="center">This album contains thirty years of love, hard work, and dreams.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 6000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Beneath the White Cloak'' songbook with scores</div><br /><div align="center">Includes the scores and lyrics of all songs in the ''Beneath the White Cloak'' thirty-year commemorative show.</div><br /><div align="center">Fine laminated pages, printed with the best ink, long-lasting collector's edition.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 2000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Beneath the White Cloak'' &mdash; "The Lady in White" Rebecca's frost mask</div><br /><div align="center">Officially licensed merchandise modeled after the mask of the popular character "The Lady in White" Rebecca.</div><br /><div align="center">Made with a transparent and crystalline material, the mask also contains a hidden elastic band to adjust tightness, designed to fit the average head circumference of audiences of different ages.</div><br /><div align="center">Please consult staff from our licensed stores about specific size requirements.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 20,000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Beneath the White Cloak'' &mdash; "The Lady in White" Rebecca's veil</div><br /><div align="center">Officially licensed merchandise modeled after the veil of the popular character "The Lady in White" Rebecca when she firstly appears in box number five.</div><br /><div align="center">Dyed with a special material, the veil glimmers with a snowflake pattern in the light, fully demonstrating the mystique of the popular character "The Lady in White"!</div><br /><div align="center">Note: This veil has been adjusted to be lighter and have a better fit for the human body, and is different in size to the version used in the live show. Please consult staff from our licensed stores about the details.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 30,000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Beneath the White Cloak'' &mdash; The main cast's masquerade masks</div><br /><div align="center">Officially licensed merchandise modeled after the masks of the popular characters David, Lareina, Patton, and Prince Frank.</div><br /><div align="center">The masks contain a hidden elastic band to adjust tightness, designed to fit the average head circumference of audiences of different ages.</div><br /><div align="center">Please consult staff from our licensed stores about size and styles.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 10,000 shield</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Beneath the White Cloak'' Program
|zhs  = 《白衣之后》场刊
|zht  = 《白衣之后》場刊
|ja   = 『白衣の後』のパンフレット
|ko   = ≪흰옷의 배후≫ 팸플릿
|es   = Programa de «Bajo la capa blanca»
|fr   = Programme de ''Sous le manteau blanc''
|ru   = Программка «Под белой накидкой»
|th   = โบรชัวร์ "เบื้องหลังชุดขาว"
|vi   = Tờ Gấp Phía Sau Áo Trắng
|de   = Programmheft für „Unter dem weißen Mantel“
|id   = Buklet "Di Balik Gaun Putih"
|pt   = Programa de "Sob o Manto Branco"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}