<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Citizen Alexandra Program#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 012
|partIds      = 190114;190115;190116
|title        = ''Citizen Alexandra'' Program
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A program booklet from the production of ''Citizen Alexandra''. Free of charge upon purchasing a ticket.
|part1        = Page 1
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Page 2
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Page 3
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Citizen Alexandra'' Program''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Page 1===
<div align="center">Opening Date: July 20th</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|36|Golden Theater}}</div><br /><div align="center">''{{Size|18|22 West, Alisa Avenue, Administrative District}}''</div>

<div align="center">The best offering this year from the Golden Theater Musical Department</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|50|''Citizen Alexandra''}}</div>

<div align="center">''Toward the end of the third Guardian Alexandra's life, her heart was incessantly filled with guilt''</div><br /><div align="center">''A beautiful maiden stepped up to the political arena, giving up her personal life, carrying out her duties with utmost determination''</div><br /><div align="center">''The Architects guide her on the Path of Preservation. The count grew close with her but never formalized their relationship. The commander of the Silvermane Guards fought alongside her''</div><br /><div align="center">''When she looks back on her life, will she lament on her many missed chances at love? ''</div><br /><div align="center">''"Alexandra, do you have regrets?"''</div>

<div align="center">Three Goliards Awards for Best Actor in a Musical awardees {{Size|32|Tony, Andy, and Jonathan}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|A joint performance unlike any other}}</div><br /><div align="center">The youngest Goliards Award winner for Best Musical Orchestration{{Size|32| Catherine}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|The latest masterpiece after a two-year hiatus}}</div><br /><div align="center">Six-time Goliards Lifetime Achievement Award Winner {{Size|32|Olivia}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|Highest recommendations}}</div>

<div align="center">Newcomer with potential {{Size|32|Dasha}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|As Lead Actress}}</div>

<div align="center">Director: Mia, Producer: Carl, Music Director: Catherine</div><br /><div align="center">Sound Director: Bonnie, Artistic Director: Janet, Choreographer: Lilia, Concertmaster: Brian Orchestra</div><br /><div align="center">Costume Designer: Abigail, Set Designer: Timmy, Lighting Designer: Bob, Public Relations Manager: Robert</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Cast}}</div><br /><div align="center">Alexandra - Dasha</div><br /><div align="center">Count Collins - Tony</div><br /><div align="center">Bourne the Architect - Andy</div><br /><div align="center">Silvermane Guard Bruce - Jonathan</div><br /><div align="center">Maid Yelena - Isabella</div><br /><div align="center">Personal Secretary Iva - Margaret</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Track Listing}}</div><br /><div align="center">"Sleeping Song" - Yelena, Iva</div><br /><div align="center">"On This Frozen Night" - Alexandra, Companion</div><br /><div align="center">"Under Guarding Wings" - Alexandra, Bourne</div><br /><div align="center">"The Charity Ball" - Collins, Bourne, The Ministers</div><br /><div align="center">"The First Dance" - Alexandra, Collins</div><br /><div align="center">"Two Hearts" - Alexandra, Collins</div><br /><div align="center">"Her Shadow" -Bruce</div><br /><div align="center">"Where The Heart Belongs" - Alexandra, Bruce</div><br /><div align="center">"My Stone Heart" - Alexandra</div><br /><div align="center">"The Fading Light of Life" - Alexandra, Yelena, Iva</div><br /><div align="center">"After Tomorrow, Will You Remember Me?" - Alexandra</div><br /><div align="center">"Belobog Cries for Her" - Collins, Bourne, Bruce</div>

===Page 2===
<div align="center">Behind the scenes: After a two-year hiatus, Catherine the genius composer surprised the theaters with her new opera masterpiece</div><br /><div align="right">Author: Olsen, journalist of ''Belobog Weekly''</div>

Two years ago, Catherine easily won the Goliards Award with her very first piece of work, thus becoming the youngest winner of the Goliards Award for Best Orchestrations in a Play. This talented composer did not accept any offers from any directors or theaters. However, she shut herself off from the world at the height of her popularity and spent two years focusing on her new work.

As it turned out, Catherine's latest masterpiece ''Citizen Alexandra'' proved to be a sensation when the initial draft was introduced to the public. Theaters and musicals loved this talented composer's new work. To everyone's surprise, Catherine chose a new performer to play the female lead.

"''Citizen Alexandra'' is a story driven by a female protagonist. The supreme guardian can also show her warm and vulnerable sides. I hope that the audience can understand the journey the guardian went through her life, transforming from vulnerability to the Path of Preservation. That's the reason that I chose a new performer," Catherine explained to us.

The one in Catherine's mind was Dasha, for whom it would be her first time as a female lead on stage. "Although in this play, Alexandra will reveal her female elegance and a unique charm, she is always the Supreme Guardian in her people's hearts, which means she had to change. She had to transform from a tender rose to an unbreakable rock. As for Dasha, her personal experience honed her voice to be able to showcase this aspect." Catherine said with a smile that she was very grateful for the trust of the director and producer in letting her decide the female lead.

The cooperation between Mia the director and Catherine the composer was a surprising success. The play ''Citizen Alexandra'' had not been shown to the public, but in the previous trial shows that only opened to professionals and the media, this musical combining many popular songs was greatly praised by the audience. With the new singer Dasha's beautiful voice, not only did Alexandra the Supreme Guardian show the tenderness of a teenage girl, but also perfectly presented her determination and selflessness as she chose the Path of Preservation accompanied by three male friends.

"Blizzards may tear me apart but can also make me who I am. It's your love that help my heart always be as unbreakable as a rock." Before the official show started, Dasha sang us a small part of the Alexandra theme song. In a few lines, the legendary life of the supreme guardian had been presented vividly.

===Page 3===
<div align="center">''The latest masterpiece ''Citizen Alexandra'' from the talented composer Catherine after a two-year hiatus,''</div><br /><div align="center">''on show at the Golden Theater on July 20.''</div><br /><div align="center">''Limited tickets and merchandises will be available at the counter.''</div>

<div align="center">Binder with the cover of ''Citizen Alexandra'' poster</div><br /><div align="center">The cover of the binder is printed with the poster of ''Citizen Alexandra'',</div><br /><div align="center">The size of the binder perfectly match the size of the program, with a great storage zone of 30 pages.</div><br /><div align="center">Practical and highly memorable, suitable for storing piles of programs you get from the theater.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1500 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Citizen Alexandra'' Supreme Guardian theme frame</div><br /><div align="center">Modeled on the original ballroom set from the play.</div><br /><div align="center">Special release for audience that love musicals with reserved programs and ticket display cards.</div><br /><div align="center">You can decorate your wall with the program of ''Citizen Alexandra'' along with your ticket!</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Citizen Alexandra'' repertoire with lyrics</div><br /><div align="center">Including the lyrics of all songs in the ''Citizen Alexandra'' official show.</div><br /><div align="center">Fine laminated pages, printed with the best ink, long-lasting collector's edition.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 800 shield</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Citizen Alexandra'' Program
|zhs  = 《公民亚历珊德拉》场刊
|zht  = 《公民亞歷珊德拉》場刊
|ja   = 『市民アレキサンドラ』のパンフレット
|ko   = ≪시민 알렉산드라≫ 팸플릿
|es   = Programa de «Ciudadana Alexandra»
|fr   = Programme de ''Citoyenne Alexandra''
|ru   = Программка «Гражданка Александра»
|th   = โบรชัวร์ "พลเมือง Alexandra"
|vi   = Tờ Gấp Công Dân Alexandra
|de   = Programmheft für „Bürgerin Alexandra“
|id   = Buklet "Warga Negara Alexandra"
|pt   = Programa de "Cidadã Alexandra"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}