<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Furnace Ash Tabloid: Part 1#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 258
|partIds      = 190507
|title        = ''Furnace Ash Tabloid: Part 1''
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An Underground publication written by an anonymous non-official writer. It offers a rather pointed commentary on social issues.
|part1        = ''Furnace Ash Tabloid: Part 1''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Furnace Ash Tabloid: Part 1''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
In recent days, I have noticed concerning phenomena within ''Miners Weekly'', namely that articles are overly bureaucratic and no-longer relatable to the working man. I fear that it may have fallen to shield-bribes offered by Qlipoth Fort. In order to ensure that our work force receives comprehensive and objective information from every source, I have specifically created this tabloid to openly discuss recent major events. Updates will be monthly but irregular.

[Topic for this publication: Regarding the IPC aid arrangements]

One thing that cannot be denied is that without the aid of the IPC, Belobog would be unable to rebuild independently... this I am sure that no one will deny. However, at the same time, the importance of the IPC has been greatly exaggerated. Some people even see them as saviors that have descended from the heavens, as if these people dressed in black are helping us as a form of charity. Here, I would like to rectify this misunderstanding.

As the time of publication, the IPC has indeed provided services without charge, but that does not mean that they are not benefiting from the situation. Order is the greatest asset, as the holder of order can easily obtain as much as they please. A king can receive the finest food without farming the land, yet the farmers must work to maintain this relationship since their work can only be remunerated when social order is upheld.

The desire to rule over all is often disguised as a selfless intention to save the people. Since we have connected to the universal market, we will inevitably be molded by the order proposed by the IPC and spend our lives chasing credits for our accounts. As time goes on, we may well have to hollow out every ounce of ore in the ground and bleed our bodies dry just so that certain areas can achieve the high life shown to us in our mobile phones. We cannot allow ourselves to become complacent in gratitude and frivolity. We must remain alert and awake.

On the other hand, the IPC are outsiders. In their eyes, Jarilo-VI is just an average little planet, no different to every little twinkling star in the sky. However, for us, it is our one and only home. If we become too reliant on the IPC, Belobog will become like a child being led by the hand: Though we feel like we can run and jump, if that guiding hand is taken away, we will soon realize how weak our legs truly are.

We cannot allow this flow of aid to grow and become a mighty river that will drown our future generations! Though there still remains a great distance between Jarilo-VI and the outside world. This distance can yet be bridged. If we wish to become a respected member of the cosmos, we must forge our own path and not become a vassal of another.

Fellow workers, go forth and learn. Let us emulate these outsiders and go in search of all that can bring us benefit. This is the only way that our descendants will ever be able to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with other planets, instead of suffering in silence, lost in the undertow.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Furnace Ash Tabloid: Part 1''
|zhs  = 炉灰小报：第一期
|zht  = 爐灰小報：第一期
|ja   = 炉灰ポスト：第1号
|ko   = 용광로의 재 소식지: 제1기
|es   = Gaceta de la Ceniza del Horno I
|fr   = ''Scories Magazine : Partie 1''
|ru   = Газета «Печная зола». Выпуск I
|th   = หนังสือพิมพ์ธุลีในเตาหลอม: ฉบับที่ 1
|vi   = Tờ Báo Tro Tàn: Kỳ 1
|de   = Ofenasche Tabloid: 1. Ausgabe
|id   = Tabloid Abu Tungku: Edisi 1
|pt   = "Tabloide Cinza de Fornalha: Parte 1"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}