<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Leisha and Mrs. Trude Program#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 109
|partIds      = 190245;190246;190247
|title        = ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' Program
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A program booklet from the musical ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude''. Free of charge upon purchasing a ticket.
|part1        = Page One
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Page Two
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Page Three
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' Program''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Page One===
<div align="center">Opens: April 8</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|36|Golden Theater}}</div><br /><div align="center">''{{Size|18|22 West, Alisa Avenue, Administrative District}}''</div>

<div align="center">Adopted from the most popular fairytale in Belobog for 30 years</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|50|''Leisha and Mrs. Trude''}}</div><br /><div align="center">''The beautiful girl Leisha asked for a fire from the aloof witch Mrs. Trude to warm her poor family.''</div><br /><div align="center">''On the way to the old witch's place, Leisha met three knights.''</div><br /><div align="center">''The witch referred to the knights as "My Dawn," "My Sun," and "My Evening."''</div><br /><div align="center">''Mrs. Trude wanted Leisha to complete three adventures impossible for normal people.''</div><br /><div align="center">''With the help of the three knights, how would Leisha complete the witch's difficult quest?''</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Goliards Awards nominee for Best Musical of the Year}}</div><br /><div align="center">The Annual ''Belobog Weekly&ast;''s {{Size|32|Young Adults' Choice}}</div><br /><div align="center">University of Belobog Child Psychologist {{Size|32|Sara}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|32|Professionally Recommends}}</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|24|A happy piece of work that can be enjoyed by the whole family}}</div>

<div align="center">Producer: Jessica. Director: Kyle. Technical Director: Bella</div><br /><div align="center">Music Director: Claude. Artistic Director: Dieke. Choreographer: Xavier. Orchestral Soloist: Sara</div><br /><div align="center">Sound Design: Barnaud. Set Design: Peter. Lighting: Fayne. Theater Manager: Charlie.</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Cast}}</div><br /><div align="center">Leisha &mdash; Winnie</div><br /><div align="center">Mrs. Trude &mdash; Beatrice</div><br /><div align="center">The Dawn Knight &mdash; Gordon</div><br /><div align="center">The Sun Knight &mdash; Issac</div><br /><div align="center">The Evening Knight &mdash; Jason</div><br /><div align="center">Female Farmer, Leisha's Aunt &mdash; Constance</div><br /><div align="center">Male Farmer, Leisha's Uncle &mdash; Matthew</div><br /><div align="center">Diana, the Cursed Squirrel &mdash; Kristen</div><br /><div align="center">Don, the Greedy Merchant &mdash; Raymond</div><br /><div align="center">Dorothy, the Happy Fox &mdash; Elsa</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Program}}</div><br /><div align="center">"The Sound of the Farm" &mdash; Leisha, Female Farmer, Male Farmer</div><br /><div align="center">"The First Fire" &mdash; Leisha, Mrs. Trude</div><br /><div align="center">"A Quiet Dawn" &mdash; Leisha, Dawn Knight</div><br /><div align="center">"My Sun" &mdash; Leisha, Sun Knight</div><br /><div align="center">"Dangerous Night" &mdash; Mrs. Trude, Evening Knight</div><br /><div align="center">"Dangerous Monsters" &mdash; Mrs. Trude, Diana, Dorothy</div><br /><div align="center">"Tell Me, Who Is the Prey" &mdash; Mrs. Trude, Don</div><br /><div align="center">"Three Puzzles" &mdash; Leisha, Mrs. Trude</div><br /><div align="center">"What You Don't Know About Love" &mdash; Leisha, Sun Knight</div><br /><div align="center">"Wake the Night" &mdash; Leisha, Evening Knight, Dawn Knight</div><br /><div align="center">"I Hope You Can be Happy" &mdash; Leisha, Diana, Dorothy</div><br /><div align="center">"End of the Story" &mdash; Leisha, Female Farmer, Male Farmer</div><br /><div align="center">"Let the Past Become Wind" &mdash; Leisha, Mrs. Trude</div>

===Page Two===
<div align="center">When Stories Become Truth: Re-Discovering Childhood in ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude''</div><br /><div align="right">Author: Olsen, journalist of ''Belobog Weekly''</div>

Countless Belobog residents grew up with fairytales. However, while ordinary adults would gradually bid their childhood farewell with age, musical lovers got a chance to return to their childhood. On April 8, the musical ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' adopted from the classical fairytale will re-open at the Golden Theater.

The special charm of musicals made every corner of the theater fill with supernatural fairy tale beauty the moment ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' started. The traditional sing-and-dance format of musicals were broken in this two-hour music extravaganza. To suit the tastes of younger audiences, the performers stood on stilts and had puppet shows. These adjustments were very effective &mdash; in ''Belobog Weekly&ast;''s annual Best Musical Award this year, ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' won the Young Adult's Choice by a wide margin.

"This is a unique experience merging stories together with reality. I have three children and they're not all around the same age. The oldest is fourteen and the youngest is only six, but they all think this show was amazing. Now they finally have something in common to talk about." A parent stated this excitedly when we found them sitting outside the theater in a foldable chair, waiting for tickets to go on sale.

According to the education report released by the Ministry of Education of Belobog, ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' was the most popular children's story in Belobog in the past thirty years. Kyle, the show's director, told us that the musical contains many magnificent and creative backdrops and sets that are inspired by the children's story. At the same time, every song is longer than the average musical number. "It's because we need to demonstrate the details of the fairytale forest during every song, and we need to make every animal character come to life."

In the two-hour fairytale journey of ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'', the audience can sing with the actors under the spotlight, and can also have unique interactions with the fantastic animals in the fairytale forest on stage. Leisha's innocent beauty, Mrs. Trude's loneliness and wondrous magic, and the unique personalities of the three knights were all expressed in the easter eggs in the encore, designed meticulously by Director Kyle and the stage crew. Those who like fairytales need to remember to stay till the very end for the encore!

===Page Three===
<div align="center">''Adopted from the fairytale known by everyone in Belobog''</div><br /><div align="center">''The Golden Theater Musical Department presents ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude''''</div><br /><div align="center">''Officially opening on April 8 at the Golden Theater.''</div><br /><div align="center">''Merchandise is available in licensed stores in Belobog.''</div>

<div align="center">Binder with the cover of ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude''</div><br /><div align="center">The cover of the binder is printed with the poster of ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude''.</div><br /><div align="center">The size of the binder perfectly matches the size of the program, with a great storage capacity of 30 pages.</div><br /><div align="center">Practical and highly memorable, suitable for storing piles of programs you get from the theater.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1,500 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' &mdash; Forest theme frame</div><br /><div align="center">Modeled after the fairytale forest stage backdrop of the show.</div><br /><div align="center">A special release for audience that love the theater with programs and ticket display cards pre-reserved.</div><br /><div align="center">You can decorate your wall with the program of ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' along with your ticket!</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 3,000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' &mdash; Leisha's thorny crown</div><br /><div align="center">Officially licensed merchandise modeled after the thorny crown of the popular character Leisha.</div><br /><div align="center">Designed according to the average head circumference of audiences of different ages, the crown is elegant and beautiful and fully expresses Leisha's charm.</div><br /><div align="center">Please consult staff from our licensed stores about specific size requirements.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 7,000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' &mdash; Leisha's child-sized apron</div><br /><div align="center">Officially licensed merchandise modeled after the idyllic apron of the popular character Leisha.</div><br /><div align="center">With a simple zip-up design, the dress contains a hidden button to adjust tightness, easily fulfilling the fairytale dreams of children of all ages.</div><br /><div align="center">Please consult staff from our licensed stores about specific size requirements.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1200 shield</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Leisha and Mrs. Trude'' Program
|zhs  = 《蕾莎与特鲁太太》场刊
|zht  = 《蕾莎與特魯太太》場刊
|ja   = 『レイシャとトゥルーおばさん』のパンフレット
|ko   = ≪레이샤와 트루데 부인≫ 팸플릿
|es   = Programa de «Leisha y la señora Trude»
|fr   = Programme de ''Leisha et madame Trude''
|ru   = Программка «Лейша и миссис Труде»
|th   = โบรชัวร์ "Leisha และคุณ Trude"
|vi   = Tờ Gấp Leisha Và Bà Trude
|de   = Programmheft für „Leisha und Frau Trude“
|id   = Buklet "Leisha dan Nyonya Trude"
|pt   = Programa de "Leisha e Sra. Trude"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}