<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Miners Weekly Issue 226#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 255
|partIds      = 190504
|title        = ''Miners Weekly'' Issue 226
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A worker's tabloid with an official feel to it.
|part1        = ''Miners Weekly'' Issue 226
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Interastral Peace Corporation
}}
'''''Miners Weekly'' Issue 226''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Miners Weekly<br />
Issue 226 Fortification - █████ █8, 700 AF</div>

[Great News - The Engine of Creation Project Achieves Great Progress]

Under the leadership of Supreme Guardian Bronya Rand, the Engine of Creation repair project has made monumental developments. From the date of publication, 75% of the engine part excavation work has already been completed. Project work from here will officially move its focus to collection of raw materials and parts manufacturing.

Faced with the three great adversities of lacking manpower, outdated technology, and insufficient funding, the workforce have relied on their unyielding perseverance and unbreakable spirit to complete tasks of great quality and quantity. They have demonstrated the confidence and dedication of the Belobogian people seeking to rebuild their home to those both on and off the planet. We believe that in the near future, the Engine of Creation "fortification team" will become one of the unique landscapes of Jarilo-VI.


[Aetherium Wars Sweeps the Mobile Market]

According to statistics, downloads of the mobile game Aetherium Wars, developed by the IPC, have already exceeded █████. With an average of one in █ people playing the game, it has become the most popular gaming app in Belobog. Aether Spirit battles have become an important way for construction workers to socialize during work breaks, and collecting Aether Spirits has become the main goal for children heading outside to play.

A devoted player that wished to remain anonymous remarked: "I have played this game for only three days and my total play time has already reached eighty hours. It's so much fun!" We would like to remind our fellows that your gaming time should be managed responsibly and not to allow your virtual lives to influence your real ones.


[Energy Deal Illuminates the Future of Jarilo]

In recent days, the Energy Upgrade Program proposed by Director Topaz of the IPC Strategic Investment Department was formally approved by the Supreme Guardian, which will see implementation across all of Belobog. As repairs proceed steadily, the external contract personnel of the IPC will assist workers across Belobog to enhance Geomarrow burning technologies and make them more effective and safe. This move will not only further safeguard the production and lifestyles of Belobog citizens, but also provide further momentum to the Engine of Creation repair efforts.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Miners Weekly'' Issue 226
|zhs  = 《矿工每周报第226期》
|zht  = 《礦工週報》第226期
|ja   = 『鉱区ウィークリー』&nbsp;第226期
|ko   = ≪광부 주간신문 제226호≫
|es   = Semanario minero, n.º 226
|fr   = Parution n°&nbsp;226 du ''Mineur hebdo''
|ru   = Еженедельник шахтёра, выпуск 226
|th   = การทำเหมืองประจำสัปดาห์ ฉบับที่ 226
|vi   = Tuần Báo Thợ Mỏ Kỳ 226
|de   = „Bergarbeiter Wochenausgabe Nr. 226“
|id   = "Tabloid Mingguan Penambang Edisi 226"
|pt   = "Minerador Semanal" - Edição 226
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}