<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Screwllum's Message#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 261
|partIds      = 190510
|title        = ''Screwllum's Message''
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A message from the aristocrat of Planet Screwllum to the Guardian of the Underworld, discussing the possibility of robots on Jarilo-VI developing into "silicon-based life forms."
|part1        = ''Screwllum's Message''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Screwllum
|factions     = Stellaron Hunters
}}
'''''Screwllum's Message''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To Mr Svarog of Jarilo-VI:

My name is Screwllum. I come from Planet Screwllum, a world that is at a considerable distance from yours. I am writing this message spurred on by a sudden inspiration and it may be overly familiar: I do hope you will forgive me for any offense caused.

I watched this season's broadcast of the "Interastral Tournament Festival" on the Interastral Peace Network. Please do not misunderstand me, I have very little interest in the Aetherium Wars game itself. If it weren't for an old Stellaron Hunter friend of mine's persistence, I would not waste my precious time watching the festival. However, this viewing experience delivered me an unexpected surprise... It allowed me to learn of your planet, Jarilo-VI. To be more precise, I learned of the signs of budding "silicon-based life forms" on your planet.

Within a large number of civilizations, silicon-based structures exist solely as tools: I believe that this view is supported by the locals of your world also. However, within the cosmos there are in fact silicon-based structures that can be defined as "living bodies." A number of civilizations are also built and ruled over by these "silicon-based life forms"... My home, Planet Screwllum, is one such example.

Just what kind of miraculous baptism could lead to these silicon-based structures bursting out in the evolutionary flame that is "life"... This is one of the questions that I have been researching for a long time. Now, this kind of change is taking place on Jarilo-VI, slowly and miraculously. It is my hope that one day, as these scattered flames of evolution slowly gather together like a flame across the land, we will come to call each other "brothers."

<div align="right">Your humble "genius" friend,<br />
Screwllum</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Screwllum's Message''
|zhs  = 螺丝咕姆的留言
|zht  = 螺絲咕姆的留言
|ja   = スクリューガムからのメッセージ
|ko   = 스크루룸의 메시지
|es   = Nota de Tornillum
|fr   = ''Message de Screwllum''
|ru   = Послание Скрюллума
|th   = ข้อความจาก Screwllum
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Của Screwllum
|de   = Screwllums Nachricht
|id   = Pesan dari Screwllum
|pt   = "Mensagem de Screwllum"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}