<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stardust Rose Program#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 011
|partIds      = 190111;190112;190113
|title        = ''Stardust Rose'' Program
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A program booklet from the production of ''Stardust Rose''. Free of charge upon purchasing a ticket.
|part1        = Page 1
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Page 2
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Page 3
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''''Stardust Rose'' Program''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Page 1===
<div align="center">Opens March 7th</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|36|Golden Theater}}</div><br /><div align="center">''{{Size|18|22 West Alisa Avenue, Administrative District}}''</div>

<div align="center">A Golden Theater Drama Department's authentic production three years in the making</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|50|Stardust Rose}}</div>

<div align="center">''A failed IPC sales manager was fired from his head office and came to a small border town.''</div><br /><div align="center">''He Accidentally discovers a long-extinct rose and falls in love with a botanist who came looking for it.''</div><br /><div align="center">''When he realizes that this precious flower he stumbled upon could be his ticket back to the top of the IPC, what will he choose to do?''</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|24|Goliards Award for Best Direction of a Play:}} {{Size|32|Jeffrey}} and {{Size|32|Eric}}</div><br /><div align="center">Co-Directors</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|24|Goliards Award for Best Actor in a Play:}} {{Size|32|Iain}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|24|Goliards Award for Best Actress in a Play:}} {{Size|32|Julie}}</div><br /><div align="center">{{Size|24|Leading Roles}}</div>

<div align="center">Writing: Amy</div><br /><div align="center">Production: Tom</div><br /><div align="center">Costume Design: Mary, Scenic Design: Paul, Lighting Design: Hudson, Sound Design: Caroline.</div><br /><div align="center">Movement Director: David, Artistic Director: Janet, Casting Director: Thomas, Marketing Director: Holly</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|32|Cast}}</div><br /><div align="center">Howard - Iain</div><br /><div align="center">Alice - Julie</div><br /><div align="center">Joanne - Taylor</div><br /><div align="center">Mark - Anthony</div><br /><div align="center">Director Anderson - Ledyard</div><br /><div align="center">Professor Collins - Jesse</div><br /><div align="center">Alia (Howard's mother) -- Kristen</div><br /><div align="center">Alfredo (company executive) -- Byron</div><br /><div align="center">Freddy (town guide) - Philip</div><br /><div align="center">Company Shareholders - George, Jessica, Sasha</div><br /><div align="center">Town Residents - Austin, John, Emma, Paige</div>

===Page 2===
<div align="center">From backstage: Julie and Iain reveals their stories from rehearsal for ''Stardust Rose''</div>

<div align="right">Writer: Olsen, Journalist for ''Belobog Weekly''</div>

"I've worked with Iain many times, but I still get nervous when I'm acting against him... There's a glimmer in his eyes, and I'm always sort of in a trance when looking at him." On the press night of ''Stardust Rose'', Julie revealed to the reporters present an interesting story during the rehearsal of ''Stardust Rose''.

Julie and Iain both won the Goliards Award for Best Actor and Actress with their performance in ''Theater Story'' last year. A month after winning the award, the two received an invitation from Amy, the playwright of ''Stardust Rose''. Despite this stage couple of the drama world having already worked together many times before, Julie said with a smile that she still couldn't resist the unique charm of her old colleague.

''Stardust Rose'' is co-directed by two Goliards Award winners for Best Direction of a Play, and is romance novelist Amy's first stage play. Iain felt it was a little different from the typical romances, not just because it was co-directed by two well-known directors, but also because "I felt amazing chemistry with Julie during rehearsals."

Iain tells us that during one rehearsal, the corner of Julie's skirt got tangled in a nearby prop. But because of the strong rapport between them &mdash; thanks to their countless past collaborations &mdash; Iain immediately scooped Julie up in his arms, and within the short duration of the changing backdrops, was able to help untangle her skirt.

Julie revealed that, in this sudden incident, Iain's action of scooping her up in his arms was considered by director Jeffrey to be a "stroke of genius," which happened to perfectly fit the scene of the botanist played by Julie being trapped: "Alice is a botanist who is completely immersed into her career as a researcher. She is a little out of touch with the rest of society, so she doesn't know how to call for help, even when she's in a tight spot." "But Howard's actions come from the heart." Taking this into consideration, Iain told us that because of this incident, this stage direction was written into the official script.

"Throughout the rehearsals of ''Stardust Rose'', we were infected with a wonderful atmosphere. While we had to perform in front of many people, as the plot developed toward the end, I think we must have entered a kind of blissful flow state. It felt really magical." Julie believes that ''Stardust Rose'' has a unique romantic atmosphere, different from all the plays she had acted in before. "It's like being infected by love," Iain surmised for his stage partner.

===Page 3===
<div align="center">''The romantic drama ''Stardust Rose'' starring Julie and Iain.''</div><br /><div align="center">''On show at the Golden Theater on March 7.''</div><br /><div align="center">''Limited tickets and merchandise will be available at the counter.''</div>

<div align="center">''Stardust Rose'' themed box package</div><br /><div align="center">Climb up to the themed box on the second floor and embark on a romantic and wonderful theatrical journey.</div><br /><div align="center">Designed by Paul, set designer of ''Stardust Rose'', there are romantic floral designs in the same style as the play in the box.</div><br /><div align="center">Themed boxes can seat up to 8 spectators, and a limited number of 10 packages will be sold daily.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 23,000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Stardust Rose'' commemorative frame</div><br /><div align="center">Rose design frame modeled on the original rose prop from the play.</div><br /><div align="center">A special release for audience members who love stage plays, with reserved programs and ticket display cards.</div><br /><div align="center">Decorate your wall with your ''Stardust Rose'' program and your ticket!</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1000 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Stardust Rose'' playbill binder</div><br /><div align="center">The cover of the binder is printed with the playbill of ''Stardust Rose''.</div><br /><div align="center">The size of the binder perfectly matches the size of the program, with a generous 30 pages of storage.</div><br /><div align="center">Practical and highly memorable, suitable for storing your theater programs.</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 1500 shield</div>

<div align="center">''Stardust Rose'' autographed photocard</div><br /><div align="center">A photocard featuring the 16 stars' final makeup looks with their autographs.</div><br /><div align="center">During the tour, each person is limited to purchasing one set per day, and a limited number of 20 sets will be sold per day, on a first come, first served basis!</div><br /><div align="center">List price: 30,000 shield</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = ''Stardust Rose'' Program
|zhs  = 《星尘玫瑰》场刊
|zht  = 《星塵玫瑰》場刊
|ja   = 『スターダストローズ』のパンフレット
|ko   = ≪스타더스트 장미≫ 팸플릿
|es   = Programa de «La rosa nebulosa»
|fr   = Programme de ''Rose de poussière d'étoile''
|ru   = Программка «Роза звёздной пыли»
|th   = โบรชัวร์ "กุหลาบละอองดาว"
|vi   = Tờ Gấp Hoa Hồng Ánh Sao
|de   = Programmheft für „Sternenstaub-Rose“
|id   = Buklet "Mawar Debu Bintang"
|pt   = "Programa de Rosa de" Poeira Estelar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}