<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Good Establishment Births Generations of Wealth#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 086
|partIds      = 190210
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A discarded real estate flier, and a negative example when it comes to investment.
|part1        = A Good Establishment Births Generations of Wealth
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Good Establishment Births Generations of Wealth''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">As they say, "There is no better inheritance than a gainful enterprise." In recent years, commercial property in Belobog have become increasingly popular. Borte Real Estate presents &mdash; the all-new Leisure Plaza in the Backwater Pass area will soon be under construction. Enjoy the cross-district convenience and pre-purchase the hot-on-demand properties now! </div>

<div align="center">[Experienced Property Developer, Securing Your Wealth With Competence]</div><br /><div align="center">With an insurmountable brand and rich developmental experience, Borte Real Estate will be an impenetrable shield you can rely on to conserve your wealth.</div><br /><div align="center">Be it leisure, entertainment, or commercial ventures, Borte Real Estate provides entrusted management services, on-property and indoor facilities, as well as daily patrol and security services to all investors for the sake of protecting your investment at all times.</div>

<div align="center">[Prime Location and Consumer Source Guaranteed]</div><br /><div align="center">Connecting the Administrative District and the transport hub, we can guarantee an unending source of consumers from which you can attract.</div><br /><div align="center">Located next to the Administrative District, it stands stalwart against the rush hours and builds the archway toward wealth in Belobog.</div><br /><div align="center">Adjacent to the historic financial street, the need for stores and shops in the central zone will allow you to enjoy the fruits without having to labor.</div>

<div align="center">[Low Investment, High Returns, Be A Wise Investor]</div><br /><div align="center">With minimal investment, maximal returns, complete facilities, sufficient parking spaces, convenient transportation, and favorable investment conditions, the majority of investors' concerns have been addressed. This is Belobog's most innovative investment plan, and most promising financial product, so even the most discerning of investors should jump in!</div>

<div align="center">Borte Leisure Plaza brings to denizens of Belobog this artfully designed plaza with the core motto of "Enjoy Life, Cherish Pleasure," allowing you to be forever acquainted with bliss.</div><br /><div align="center">With hundreds of storefronts to choose from, pre-purchasing is now open!</div>

<div align="center">Project Address: Backwater Pass Central (North of the open-air café)</div><br /><div align="center">For more information, please consult the staff at the Borte Real Estate Plaza Management Office.</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Good Establishment Births Generations of Wealth
|zhs  = 一间好商铺，世代摇钱树
|zht  = 一間好商鋪，世代搖錢樹
|ja   = いいお店は、金のなる木
|ko   = 좋은 상가 하나면 대대손손 돈 걱정 끝!
|es   = ¡Una tienda próspera asegurará el futuro de sus nietos!
|fr   = Un bon établissement est source de générations fortunées
|ru   = Процветающий магазин обеспечит будущее ваших внуков!
|th   = ร้านที่เจริญรุ่งเรือง และเป็นขุมเงินขุมทองมาหลายยุคหลายสมัย
|vi   = Cửa Tiệm Uy Tín, Tiền Vô Liền Liền!
|de   = Eine gute Niederlassung bringt Generationen von Wohlstand
|id   = Toko yang Bagus Hasilkan Uang Generasi ke Generasi
|pt   = Um Bom Estabelecimento Produz Riquezas por Gerações
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}