<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Code of Conduct for Expatriate Employees: Jarilo-VI Edition#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 251
|partIds      = 190500
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Behavioral guidelines proposed by Topaz to employees to maintain the external image of the Venture Capital Department.
|part1        = Code of Conduct for Expatriate Employees: Jarilo-VI Edition
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Code of Conduct for Expatriate Employees: Jarilo-VI Edition''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
At the request of Director Topaz, this department is launching the "Code of Conduct for Expatriate Employees: Jarilo-VI Edition" (hereinafter referred to as the "Jarilo-VI Employee Guidelines") as of today. It is our hope that all internal and outsourced employees are able to maintain self-control and abide by company principles during their period of external deployment. We hope that they shall maintain the professional, efficient, and amiable reputation of the Strategic Investment Department.

Below are the specific items found in the "Jarilo-VI Employee Guidelines":

1. Employees on external assignments must abide by laws and regulations of local authorities while on placement.<br />2. The work of employees on external assignments will not serve as a reason to disturb the daily life or working commute of local citizens.<br />3. Employees on external assignments may not participate in, disturb, or influence the work of local law enforcement teams (including but not limited to: The Silvermane Guards, Wildfire, The Moles, etc.) in any capacity. When necessary, IPC workers should actively cooperate with local law enforcement teams to help carry out their work.<br />4. Employees on external assignments must never accept gifts or bribes from local citizens for any reason.<br />5. Employees on external assignments must not damage local ecological environments or public property for any reason.<br />6. Employees on external assignments are not permitted to conduct employee recruitment or internal referral without obtaining permission from the HR department.<br />7. If work should include negotiation with, or obtaining permission from local authorities, the department director must be notified and approval must be obtained before the project can be officially launched.

The following items were personally added by Director Topaz:

8. To reiterate: The Jarilo-VI Reconstruction project was originally established to help local citizens expedite the reconstruction of their homes and provide technical and instrumental support to achieve this goal.<br />9. Employees on external assignments must fully assist and cooperate with Jarilo-VI citizens in the restoration of the Engine of Creation. When necessary, technical support can be provided by the Strategic Investment Department, free of charge.<br />10. Employees on external assignment are obliged to pay for local accommodation, food, and public transportation (at a rate of 1.5x market price). These expenses will be viewed as travel expenses and will be uniformly refunded by the department.<br />11. When on external assignment, all weapons and combat equipment carried on your persons should be handed over to local authorities for safekeeping,<br />12. When necessary, employees on external assignments are obliged to explain the plans and targets of the Strategic Investment Department's work in Jarilo-VI to local citizens in detail.

This concludes all content of the "Code of Conduct for Expatriate Employees: Jarilo-VI Edition." We hope that all department employees will meet the expectations of Director Topaz and strictly abide by the rules and regulations within. We would like to wish all of you a joyous and safe time on your external postings. Please always remember the Strategic Investment Department's slogan: "Your venture, with our protection."

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Code of Conduct for Expatriate Employees: Jarilo-VI Edition
|zhs  = 外派员工行动准则：雅利洛-Ⅵ版
|zht  = 外派員工行為準則：雅利洛-Ⅵ版
|ja   = 出向社員行動規範：ヤリーロ-VI版
|ko   = 파견 직원 행동 규범: 야릴로-Ⅵ 버전
|es   = Código de conducta para empleados expatriados (versión de Jarilo-VI)
|fr   = Code de conduite pour les employés expatriés : Édition Jarilo-VI
|ru   = Кодекс поведения для сотрудников-экспатриантов на Ярило-VI
|th   = กฎระเบียบของเจ้าหน้าที่นอกสถานที่: ฉบับ Jarilo-Ⅵ
|vi   = Quy Tắc Ứng Xử Dành Cho Nhân Viên Công Tác: Phiên Bản Jarilo-VI
|de   = Verhaltenskodex für entsandte Mitarbeiter: Jarilo-VI-Ausgabe
|id   = Pedoman Perilaku Staf Ekspatriat: Versi Jarilo-Ⅵ
|pt   = Código de Conduta para Funcionários Expatriados: Edição de Jarilo-VI
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}