<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Densely Packed Schedule#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 122
|partIds      = 190266
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = One look at this schedule and one will realize why Bronya is always sighing.
|part1        = Densely Packed Schedule
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Densely Packed Schedule''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To my dear butler Sebas:

I have already settled all of Lady Bronya's work schedule for this week and will send you the itinerary for the next day every night. Please follow the time arrangements and remind Lady Bronya to complete the tasks.

I understand that Lady Bronya is still angry with me and probably does not wish to see me, but I'm sure she will come around soon enough. The time for her to inherit the Supreme Guardian's position is near. She must get used to a life of discipline and planning soon. That is the only way she'll be able to become a successful ruler like Madam Cocolia. As her teacher and assistant, it is necessary for me to be strict with her sometimes. This is the only way to rein in her temper and to make her understand the seriousness of things.

There's no need to worry about me. I can take care of most of my work even from home. Besides, it's a good thing to be able to rest for a few days. Please see to it that you take good care of Lady Bronya. She's a stubborn young lady, but she's kind and gifted. You should know that better than anyone. One day, she will be grateful for what we've done for her, which I can assure you.

Also, please pay close attention to Lady Bronya's social circles, especially when she is in the company of Intelligence Officer Pela. I heard that Miss Pela has some unsavory hobbies in private. Therefore, please try your best to avoid unnecessary contact between them, least Lady Bronya becomes stained with any blasphemous knowledge.

Your truest friend,<br />Sonya

Attachment: Lady Bronya's itinerary

06:00 Wake up<br />06:10-06:20 Quick shower<br />06:20-06:45 Breakfast as the butler reads the arrangements of the day<br />06:45-07:45 Morning combat training (See Lady Bronya's morning lesson curriculum and instructor schedule for details)<br />07:45-08:30 Bath, manicure, apply make up, get dressed<br />08:30-09:00 Head to the Belobog Military Academy<br />09:00-10:00 Lesson One: Military Theory and The Study of Leading Troops<br />10:00-11:00 Lesson Two: Political Theory<br />11:00-12:00 Lesson Three: General Science<br />12:00-12:30 Lunch, read up on major headlines in the Belobog morning newspapers of the day<br />12:30-14:00 Surveillance patrol with troops (see Lady Bronya's surveillance patrol route arrangement for more details)<br />14:00-15:00 Lesson Four: Writing and Speech<br />15:00-16:00 Lesson Five: Art Appreciation<br />16:00-17:00 Lesson Six: History of Belobog<br />17:00-18:00 Edit the speech for "Book Club Launch of the History Museum and the Celebration for the 700th Anniversary of Belobog's Founding" (Overviewed by the writing and political theory teachers)<br />18:00-18:30 Dinner while listening to the Belobog News Radio's "Belobog in 30 Minutes" news report<br />18:30-18:45 Head to Belobog Garrison Headquarters<br />18:45-19:30 Tour and inspect the garrison<br />19:30-19:45 Return to the Guardian's Residence<br />19:45-20:00 Prepare a report on today's learning<br />20:00-20:30 Meet Madam Cocolia and report on today's academic learning and patrol progress<br />20:30-21:00 Apply make up and fix coiffure to prepare for the Silvermane Officer's Ball at the residence<br />21:00-21:45 Attend the Silvermane Officer's Ball (Please make sure Miss Bronya stays till the end as she will try to sneak back to her room)<br />21:45-22:10 Remove make up, bath<br />22:10-23:00 Reading time (See Miss Bronya's reading list for details. She must only read from the reading list)<br />23:00-23:30 Free time inside the residence<br />23:30 Bedtime (Please check on her at 24:00 to ensure she is asleep by that time and prevent her from doing anything while in bed)

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Densely Packed Schedule
|zhs  = 密密麻麻的日程
|zht  = 密密麻麻的行程表
|ja   = 細かく決まったスケジュール
|ko   = 빽빽한 스케줄
|es   = Horario sin un momento libre
|fr   = Emploi du temps bien rempli
|ru   = Плотный график
|th   = กำหนดการที่แน่นเอี๊ยด
|vi   = Nhật Trình Dày Đặc
|de   = Dicht gepackter Zeitplan
|id   = Jadwal yang Padat
|pt   = Cronograma Apertado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}