<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Engine of Creation Component Improvement Proposal#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 252
|partIds      = 190501
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Design concept for the Engine of Creation components, proposed by a certain researcher. Its lofty content has very little feasibility.
|part1        = Engine of Creation Component Improvement Proposal
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Engine of Creation Component Improvement Proposal''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|+3|<div align="center">Engine of Creation Component Improvement Proposal</div>}}

[Part location] Leg<br />[Version] Seventh revision<br />[Revisions made]<br />1. In order to ensure structural stability, additional giant gears have been added, serial numbers: ███ and ████. For further details, see the attachment to the bottom right.<br />2. The water pipe that was originally used for water cooling has been removed and changed to steam absorption for heat dissipation, with a waste gas exhaust pipe added to the top of the original component. The connection method is still to be discussed.<br />3. Two Geomarrow motors have been added to ensure power, located in the base of the component.<br />[Future improvements]<br />1. In order to ensure that this component will not damage the power core while running, a protective cover is scheduled to be added to the Geomarrow motor. The Logistics Department will need to purchase this.<br />2. We estimate that more Geomarrow engines will need to be added in order to offset the extra weight caused by the protective cover.

<br />''Various suggestions from others have been posted around the frame.''

Suggestion: Could the gears be too large?<br />Reply: Large is good.<br />Suggestion: Maybe there are too many gears?<br />Reply: More gears look better.

Suggestion: Would the exhaust pipe obstruct movement?<br />Reply: I don't think so.

Suggestion: This thing doesn't look like a leg, it looks more like a chimney. Can its "knees" even bend?<br />Reply: We'll add that later.

Suggestion: Have you considered taking up mining instead?<br />Reply: Not at the moment.<br />Suggestion (additional): No need for consideration, someone is taking over your project tomorrow. Go and familiarize yourself with mining machinery.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Engine of Creation Component Improvement Proposal
|zhs  = 造物引擎部件修缮方案
|zht  = 造物引擎組件修繕方案
|ja   = 造物エンジン部品修復案
|ko   = 창조의 엔진 부품 수리 방안
|es   = Propuesta de mejora de componentes del Motor de la Creación
|fr   = Proposition d'amélioration des composants du Moteur de la création
|ru   = План улучшения компонентов Двигателя созидания
|th   = แผนการซ่อมแซมชิ้นส่วนของ Engine of Creation
|vi   = Phương Án Sửa Chữa Linh Kiện Gốc Rễ Của Tạo Vật
|de   = Plan für Teilreparatur des Motors der Schöpfung
|id   = Rencana Perbaikan Komponen Engine of Creation
|pt   = Proposta de Melhoria de Componentes do Motor da Criação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}