<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Engine of Creation Improvement Plan Description#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 253
|partIds      = 190502
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The formal description of the Engine of Creation improvement plan. Presents a visionary outlook into a distant future.
|part1        = Engine of Creation Improvement Plan Description
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = Interastral Peace Corporation
}}
'''Engine of Creation Improvement Plan Description''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">''*This is an interview published on the ''Crystal Daily &mdash; Weekend Edition'' before the Solwarm Festival.*''

{{Size|+4|Engine of Creation Improvement Plan Description}}</div>

Considering the extensive time span and the large number of personnel required for this project, this article will serve to explain the plan and goals of the creation project. This is to ensure that future successors understand the developmental direction and significance of this project. Though the phase mentioned here may not achieve the expected results within the predicted time frames, the spirit behind this project must be kept in the hearts of all colleagues.

This project aims to repair multiple damaged Engines of Creation &mdash; Geological Reconstruction Units, independently constructed by Belobog. These will be used to eliminate the influence of the Eternal Freeze caused by the Stellaron and renew the planet to the thriving vitality of 700 years ago. The duration of the project is expected to span ten generations. Though we are uncertain as to whether our home will ever be recovered, the courage and hope of Belobog will always be etched under the stars.

Phase one: Belobog will spare no effort to collect the raw materials required for the Engines of Creations' repairs.

Phase two: All components, including the four limbs, are to be constructed to prioritize the structural repair of the Engines of Creation.

Phase three: The Engines of Creation are to be completely assembled. The project's focus will then move underground toward the mining of Geomarrow to refine energy sources.

Phase four: Energy sources are to be introduced and the Engines of Creation will be reactivated. Transformation of the Jarilo landform is to begin.

Phase five: Jarilo is restored to its former glory.

Phase six: Breach into the universe and traverse beyond the blue skies.

''Thanks to technical support from the IPC, the time requirements for the project have been greatly reduced. It is hoped that the project shall reach completion within two to three generations.''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Engine of Creation Improvement Plan Description
|zhs  = 造物引擎修缮计划详述
|zht  = 造物引擎修繕計畫詳述
|ja   = 造物エンジン修復計画の詳細
|ko   = 창조의 엔진 수리 계획 상세 설명서
|es   = Descripción del plan de mejora del Motor de la Creación
|fr   = Description du plan d'amélioration du Moteur de la création
|ru   = Описание плана улучшения Двигателя созидания
|th   = คำอธิบายแผนการซ่อมแซม Engine of Creation
|vi   = Chi Tiết Kế Hoạch Sửa Chữa Gốc Rễ Của Tạo Vật
|de   = Beschreibung des Verbesserungsplans für den Motor der Schöpfung
|id   = Rincian Rencana Perbaikan Engine of Creation
|pt   = Descrição do Plano de Melhoria do Motor da Criação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}