<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Great Mine Code of Conduct#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 015
|partIds      = 190119
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A notice detailing exactly what the residents of the Great Mine can and cannot do.
|part1        = Great Mine Code of Conduct
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Great Mine Code of Conduct''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Mine Dorm Rules</div>

<div align="center">Eight Can-Dos</div>

I. Obey the arrangement of the administrative of the Great Mine.

II. Respect the working hours of the mine dormitory. Lights must be turned off after 11:00 PM to avoid affecting the other miners.

III. Keep quiet and maintain order in the mine dormitory

IV. Keep the mine dormitory clean and tidy. Be careful of public properties.

V. Respect the housekeeping duty roster.

VI. Allow miners' relatives. Relatives should also obey Mine Dorm Rules.

VII. Be aware of safety precautions. Report any accidents or harassment by Vagrants in the mine dormitory area.

VIII. Learn self-rescue and emergency escape methods. Obey the administrative's command when encountering accidents.

<br /><div align="center">Eight Cannot-Dos</div>

I. Do not shout, fight, or visit others during your rest time.

II. Do not use private Geomarrow Energy devices or open fire in the mine dormitory

III. Do not bring dangerous items into the mine dormitory (such as knives, explosives detonators, etc.).

IV. Do not leave valuables in the mine dormitory. The dorm is not responsible for any losses or stolen items if Vagrants break in.

V. Do not use any gambling props for activities in the mine dormitory.

VI. Do not let anyone outside of the mining team (especially Vagrants) into the mine dormitory.

VII. Do not desecrate any public property in the mine dormitory and separate rooms.

VIII. Do not stay in the mine dormitory during working hours.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Great Mine Code of Conduct
|zhs  = 大矿区生活守则
|zht  = 大礦區生活守則
|ja   = 大鉱区の生活ルール
|ko   = 큰 광산구역의 생활수칙
|es   = Código de conducta de la mina principal
|fr   = Code de conduite de la Grande mine
|ru   = Кодекс Большой шахты
|th   = กฎการใช้ชีวิตในโซนเหมืองใหญ่
|vi   = Quy Tắc Sinh Hoạt Ở Khu Mỏ Khổng Lồ
|de   = Verhaltenskodex der großen Mine
|id   = Tata Tertib Kehidupan Great Mine
|pt   = Código de Conduta da Grande Mina
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}