<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ice Storm Causes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 017
|partIds      = 190121
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An interview with a weather expert discussing the causes of ice storms and other scientific information.
|part1        = Ice Storm Causes
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Ice Storm Causes''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">''*This is an interview published on the ''Crystal Daily &mdash; Weekend Edition'' before the Solwarm Festival.*''

{{Size|+2|Among the Crystal Peaks: Do You Really Know About Ice Storms?}}</div>

Last week, the Belobog Meteorological Center issued a code orange ice storm warning. Invaded by a strong cold front beyond Nycatha in the north, the center and suburbs of the Overworld were violently hit by ice storms. This short bout of freezing rain brought a special phenomenon known as glaze to Belobog. Long icicles have formed on many structures and trees.

Thanks to the Architects' protection, Belobog remains warm all year long, but there are still rare occasions when such freezing rain enters the city. We have specially invited a Belobog meteorologist, Professor Yegard, to give us a brief introduction to the weather phenomenon called "ice storms."

Reporter Millie (hereinafter referred to as M): Hello, Professor Yegard.

Professor Yegard (hereinafter referred to as Y): Hello.

M: Last week, Belobog's suburbs and the Underworld experienced a rare ice storm. Can you give a brief explanation of the causes?

Y: At the weather station, we usually call and ice storm "freezing rain." They refer to the same meteorological phenomenon. Before we talk about freezing rain, I must first mention the abnormally low temperatures that often occur in Belobog around the Solwarm Festival.

M: I believe you're referring to the Belobog Winter, right? The news has made announcements about it in every region.

Y: The general lowering temperature became combined with the sudden freezing air coming from outside the Belobog greenhouse area, which rushed to the suburbs and formed freezing rain. The urban heat island of Belobog has its core in the city center, so the temperature there was higher, causing only rain to form.

M: It's more like sleet where I live. What makes freezing rain special is the glaze. How is glaze formed?

Y: That's because the cold and warm air collided when the cold air entered the city. Under that collision layer, the air and ground temperatures drop below freezing. But above that layer, the air is relatively wet and temperatures are above freezing. As raindrops fall into regions where the air temperature is lower than freezing, they form supercooled water drops.

M: So supercooled water drops are water droplets below the freezing point?

Y: Yes, since the temperature near the ground is lower, the supercooled water drops form a thin layer of crystal-clear ice when they touch buildings, trees, vegetation, or roads. These glaze formations formed by supercooled water drops on trees are what people usually call "icicles."

M: So that's how it works. Based on your description, is freezing rain actually a rather rare occurrence?

Y: That's right. There's only a short time before and after the Solwarm Festival when air temperature decreases in which this natural phenomenon can occur. Citizens are free to enjoy this beautiful glaze scenery in the suburbs. With proper attire and safety conditions, of course.

M: Thank you, Professor Yegard, for taking the time to teach us about freezing rain.

Y: You're welcome.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ice Storm Causes
|zhs  = 冰风暴成因
|zht  = 冰風暴成因
|ja   = アイスブリザードの成因
|ko   = 얼음 폭풍의 형성 원인
|es   = Causas de la tormenta de hielo
|fr   = Causes de la tempête de glace
|ru   = Причины ледяного шторма
|th   = สาเหตุของพายุน้ำแข็ง
|vi   = Nguồn Gốc Cơn Bão Băng
|de   = Ursachen für Eisstürme
|id   = Penyebab Badai Es
|pt   = Causas da Tempestade de Gelo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}