<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Maddon Tunnel Is Collapsing#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 071
|partIds      = 190194
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A famous nursery rhyme of the Underworld. Some nosy parker examined its origin.
|part1        = Maddon Tunnel Is Collapsing
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Maddon Tunnel Is Collapsing''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Lyrics:

<div align="center">Maddon Tunnel is collapsing,</div><br /><div align="center">collapsing, collapsing.</div><br /><div align="center">Maddon Tunnel is collapsing,</div><br /><div align="center">crystalline buddy.</div>

<div align="center">Build it up with wooden stakes,</div><br /><div align="center">wooden stakes, wooden stakes.</div><br /><div align="center">Build it up with wooden stakes,</div><br /><div align="center">crystalline buddy.</div>

<div align="center">Wooden stakes will bend and break,</div><br /><div align="center">bend and break, bend and break.</div><br /><div align="center">Wooden stakes will bend and break,</div><br /><div align="center">crystalline buddy.</div>

<div align="center">Mine all the Geomarrow,</div><br /><div align="center">Geomarrow, Geomarrow.</div><br /><div align="center">Mine all the Geomarrow,</div><br /><div align="center">crystalline buddy.</div>

<div align="center">Geomarrow is not with me,</div><br /><div align="center">not with me, not with me.</div><br /><div align="center">Geomarrow's not with me,</div><br /><div align="center">crystalline buddy.</div>

Meaning:

The meaning of the song may simply be related to the difficulties in the construction of the Maddon Tunnel. However, its exact location is unknown. Only the song survives. There also exist other theories of its origin.

A result of resistance to Fragmentum corrosion:

There's another theory: Fragmentum monsters appeared suddenly in many of the mines as Fragmentum activity increased. It was too dangerous to examine the deep, underground mines one by one, so the Silvermane Guards stopped the Fragmentum monsters' invasion by continuously bombarding the Maddon Tunnel. Crystalline Buddy was believed to be a playful banter of the Fragmentum monsters. But because the existence of the Maddon Tunnel couldn't be verified, many people don't believe it actually happened.

The Old World's primitive idea of sacrifice:

Other theories relate to primitive cultures from the Old World that "sacrifice" can protect tunnels from collapsing. However, that theory doesn't work in the Underground because mine tunnels will collapse, no matter how many people's life are sacrificed.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Maddon Tunnel Is Collapsing
|zhs  = 梅登矿道要塌了
|zht  = 梅登礦道要塌了
|ja   = メイデン坑道落ちる
|ko   = 매든 갱도가 무너지네
|es   = El túnel Maddon va a colapsar
|fr   = Le tunnel de Maddon s'effondre
|ru   = Шахта Медынь скоро рухнет
|th   = อุโมงค์เหมือง Maddon กำลังจะถล่ม
|vi   = Mỏ Maddon Sắp Sập Rồi
|de   = Der Maddon-Tunnel bricht zusammen
|id   = Tambang Maiden Runtuh
|pt   = O Túnel Maddon Está Caindo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}