<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Miner's Medical Certificate#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 070
|partIds      = 190193
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A valuable medical certificate of miner's disease.
|part1        = Miner's Medical Certificate
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Miner's Medical Certificate''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="right">Reference Number: 100451</div>

<div align="center">{{Size|+2|Medical Certificate}}</div>

[Name]:<br />Alger

[Gender]:<br />Male

[Infection History]:<br />A member of the third mining team. Long-term exposure to Geomarrow crystals, crystalline dust, and noise.

[Symptoms]:<br />1. Dyspnea, accompanied by nasal obstruction, hemoptysis, chest pains, and pulmonary dysfunction. Difficulty lying down and edema of lower limbs.<br />2. Hearing loss, severe tinnitus, occasional auditory hallucinations, and severe insomnia.<br />3. The patient's emotional regulation function is damaged. Hard to stabilize the patient's mental state. Frequent episodes of anger, impulsion, and depression.

[Doctor's Advice]:<br />The patient has been mining Geomarrow for over five consecutive years and has severe symptoms of pneumoconiosis.<br />It is suspected that he failed to strictly follow safety protocols, which exposed his respiratory tract to working environment and caused infection. His physical condition will make it impossible for him to continue working in the mines.

[Doctor] (Signature):<br /><div align="right">Natasha</div>

[Appendix]:<br />Suggest thoroughly inspecting the safety and quality of the protective equipment.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Miner's Medical Certificate
|zhs  = 矿工病诊断书
|zht  = 礦工病診斷書
|ja   = 鉱夫病診断書
|ko   = 광부의 의료 진단서
|es   = Certificado médico de un minero
|fr   = Certificat médical de mineur
|ru   = Медицинская справка шахтёра
|th   = ใบรับรองแพทย์ของคนงานเหมือง
|vi   = Sách Chẩn Đoán Bệnh Thợ Mỏ
|de   = Ärztliches Attest eines Bergarbeiters
|id   = Diagnosis Penyakit Penambang
|pt   = Atestado Médico de Minerador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}