<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Notice Under Bridge#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 007
|partIds      = 190107
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A series of notices. They appear to have been hastily placed at the entrance of Rivet Town during its evacuation.
|part1        = Notice Under Bridge
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Notice Under Bridge''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''Many notices are placed at the entrance under the Rivet Town bridge. The content ranges anywhere from official Rivet Town announcements, to missing persons notices posted by individuals.''

#1

<div align="center">No Entry

Due to the uncontrollable invasion of monsters, Rivet Town is now completely abandoned.<br />
The residents of the town have been evacuated. If you lose contact, please do not return to the town without prior authorization. <br />The town entrance will be henceforth closed.<br />
The time to return will be informed at a later date.<br />
During the restriction period, no one will be permitted to enter the area ahead.<br />
Notice is hereby given.

Rivet Town Administrative Committee & Rivet Town Chamber of Commerce</div>

#2

<div align="center">Notice of Minecart Passage Blockade</div>

Due to the invasion of monsters in Rivet Town's mineshaft, the town's main road is now under traffic control (level 1 restriction). Details are as follows:

1. Restriction period: Indefinite<br />
2. Restricted vehicles: All railway cars

During the traffic control period, please make a detour for the aforementioned restricted vehicles when passing through Rivet Town.

<div align="right">Rivet Town Mining Association</div>

#3

<div align="center">Missing Person</div>

Kalinka Modric, 6 years old, timid and shy. She was separated from her family during the emergency evacuation. She wore a brown and white patterned fur bucket hat, a brown padded jacket, and tan fur boots. If any kind soul finds this child, please take her to Dr. Natasha's clinic in Boulder Town immediately. You have my sincerest gratitude!

I am Maria Modric, the mother of the child. I have yet to find a stable residence. If there is any news, please contact Dr. Natasha directly, she knows where I will be.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Notice Under Bridge
|zhs  = 天桥下的告示
|zht  = 天橋下的告示
|ja   = 歩道橋の下の告示
|ko   = 육교 아래의 공지
|es   = Anuncios pegados bajo el puente elevado
|fr   = Avis sous le pont
|ru   = Объявления под мостом
|th   = ประกาศใต้สะพาน
|vi   = Biểu Ngữ Dưới Cầu Vượt
|de   = Ankündigung unter der Brücke
|id   = Pengumuman Bawah Jembatan
|pt   = Aviso Embaixo da Ponte
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}