<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Opening of the New Tempering Workshop!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 095
|partIds      = 190220
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Advertisement for the New Tempering Workshop. You seem to have heard of a similar name elsewhere.
|part1        = Opening of the New Tempering Workshop!
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Opening of the New Tempering Workshop!''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|+4|<div align="center">New Tempering Workshop</div>}}<br />{{Size|+4|<div align="center">Opening soon!</div>}}

<div align="center">Dear fellow vagrants, good day!</div><br /><div align="center">I am Oggla Clark of Rivet Town.</div><br /><div align="center">You may not have heard of me, but you probably have heard of the Tempering Workshop in Rivet Town.</div><br /><div align="center">That's right! I hail from this legendary workshop!</div>

<div align="center">Rivet Town has completely fallen to the invasion of Fragmentum Monsters, and the old Tempering Workshop has disbanded because of that.</div><br /><div align="center">Even as I arrive at this vagrant camp, I am unable to locate my former colleagues.</div><br /><div align="center">However, there are a number of able craftspeople among the vagrant community, and we have hit it off right away.</div><br /><div align="center">Therefore, I have decided to inherit the name of the beloved Tempering Workshop by founding the</div><br /><div align="center">New Tempering Workshop!</div>

<div align="center">Services provided:</div><br /><div align="center">Appraisal, repairing, and recycling of various ancient relics</div><br /><div align="center">Recycling and refurbishment of old parts</div><br /><div align="center">Sale of various spare parts</div>

<div align="center">We hope all fellow vagrants pay attention to the fact that the supply of goods in the workshop does not come from conventional channels.</div><br /><div align="center">All of the parts we have are sourced from putting in hard work and risking our lives in the machine graveyard. </div><br /><div align="center">Each and every one of them has a soul and is infused with our heart and persistence!</div><br /><div align="center">Even though some may complain about the appearance and variety of our wares,</div><br /><div align="center">You will be hard-pressed to find another establishment like ours!</div>

<div align="center">So what are you waiting for?</div><br /><div align="center">Take action rather than take fancy!</div><br /><div align="center">Come to the New Tempering Workshop and look for the gadgets of your dreams!</div><br /><div align="center">Come with your robot friend and enjoy a 50% discount!</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Opening of the New Tempering Workshop!
|zhs  = 「新•淬火工坊」开张！
|zht  = 「新•淬火工坊」開張！
|ja   = 「新・焼入れ工房」オープン！
|ko   = 「신•템퍼링 공방」 개장!
|es   = ¡Inauguración del Nuevo Taller de Templado!
|fr   = Inauguration du nouvel atelier de trempage&nbsp;!
|ru   = Открытие новой Мастерской закалки!
|th   = "Tempering Workshop แห่งใหม่" เปิดแล้ว!
|vi   = "Xưởng Tôi Luyện - Mới" Khai Trương!
|de   = Eröffnung der neuen Schmiedewerkstatt!
|id   = "Tempering Workshop Baru" Dibuka!
|pt   = Abertura da Nova Oficina de Têmpera!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}