<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pascal's Diary#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 146
|partIds      = 190297;190298;190299
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 3
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = It appears to be a memo left behind by an automaton. The dates in it have faded to the point of being unable to read.
|part1        = Part I
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Part II
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Part III
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Pascal's Diary''' is a 3-part [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Part I===
''*The page displays a neatly printed typeface, not handwritten, and appears to have been bound in later.*''

██ / █3 / 6█7<br />
Airframe  Damage  Log  Backup  Failure<br />
Manual  Record  Log<br />
Daily  Rescue Progress  25%<br />
Estimated Time of Completion  2  Days<br />
Discovered  Number of Survivors  Null<br />
Rivet Town Guard Automaton  Online Count  1<br />
Determined As  Current Unit

██ / █4 / 6█7<br />
Daily  Rescue Progress  75%<br />
Estimated Time of Completion  1  Day<br />
Discovered  Number of Survivors  Null<br />
Rivet Town Guard Automaton  Online Count  1<br />
Determined As  Current Unit

██ / █5 / 6█7<br />
Daily  Rescue Progress  100%<br />
Estimated Time of Completion  0  Days<br />
Summary<br />
Discovered  Number of Survivors  Null  Possible Reason  Retreated<br />
Rivet Town Guard Automaton  Online Count  1<br />
Possible  Reason for  Online Status  Backup Power Activated<br />
Decision  Patrol  Continue  Town Reparation<br />
Anticipate  Return of  Residents

===Part II===
''*The handwriting on this page cannot be said to be neat, showing how out-of-practice the writer is.*''

''*Some pages in the middle seem to have fallen out.*''

██ / █1 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Free  Time<br />
Reading  books  left  behind  by  others<br />
I  think  books  are  fun

██ / █2 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Reconnected  light  circuitry<br />
Light  stays  on<br />
Feeling  safe

██ / █3 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Found  fairy lights  in ruins<br />
Hung  on wall  mansion  hilltop<br />
Colorful<br />
Very  pretty

██ / █7 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Finish  reading  last book<br />
Seems to be  called  fairy tale<br />
Puppy  waiting  dead  master  home<br />
A little  sad

██ / █1 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Attacked  by  others like me<br />
Hurt<br />
Escape  Tempering  Workshop<br />
Workshop  safe  wall  roof<br />
My home  relieved

██ / █5 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Today  saw  broken glass  me  weathered<br />
Fix  before  everyone  return<br />
Beautiful  again  loved

██ / █7 / 6█8<br />
Daily  Reparation  Parts Collection  Mission  Complete<br />
Fairy lights  broken<br />
Other places  search<br />
Attacked  others like me  again<br />
Explain  no<br />
Call me  Fragmentum creature  not  machine<br />
Why?

===Part III===
''*The words on the page seem a little erratic.*''

''*Some pages in the middle seem to have fallen out.*''

██ / █1 / 6█9<br />
Daily  Parts Collection  Complete<br />
Attacked by  others like me  again<br />
Almost  dead  hurt<br />
I  not  machine  don't understand<br />
What  am I?<br />
Core  confuse

██ / █4 / 6█9<br />
Daily  Parts Collection  Complete<br />
Attacks from  others like me  frequent<br />
What  am I?<br />
Core  noise  generation<br />
Reparation  Parts  Need  Collect

██ / █7 / 6█9<br />
Dai██  Parts Collection  █<br />
Core  noise  generation  unceasing<br />
What  am I? █  ██  am I?<br />
Don't understand  ██  █  I  what?<br />
Require  parts collection  repair  I ██

██ / █2 / 6█9<br />
Colle█  █lect parts!  ██ parts<br />
Noi█  core  noise  ██  █  ██e<br />
██  █  Col█ing parts  repair  me  █<br />
What  am I?  █  ██  am I? What  ██? Is am! What I ██ I  am what?  █  ██ what I?

██ / █5 / 6█9<br />
Colle█  █lect parts!  ██rts collec█n  █lect parts!  ██rts collec█n  █ect<br />
██  █  Co█ting parts  Re! pair  I  █epa█! █  █ co█  I  █? █epai█  █  col█pa█<br />
█epair me  █  repa██! █  █  noise?  █pair c█re  p██ts  █  █  ███  repair  █

██ / █6 / 6█9 Collect█  █lect. Parts!  █rts coll█  █lect parts! ██ts co██  █ol█  col█ing parts Re!pair  I  █pa██, █  █  co█  I█  / █7  /  6█9█ parts █cor█ strap. pallect!  co██  repair  ██ir, I  █ai██? █  █  noiarts! colle██ / █8  /  6█9a  █  █parts collec█ repa█ core █arts██rt█  █  ███  repair  █e █re  ███  /  █9  /  6█9partscollectionco█pa██rts█!██  ███  ██

''*Gibberish records fill the rest of the document. There is no longer any need to continue reading.*''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pascal's Diary
|zhs  = 帕斯卡的日志
|zht  = 帕斯卡的日誌
|ja   = パスカルの日記
|ko   = 파스칼의 일지
|es   = Diario de Pascal
|fr   = Journal de Pascal
|ru   = Дневник Паскаля
|th   = ไดอารี่ของ Pascal
|vi   = Nhật Ký Pascal
|de   = Pascals Tagebuch
|id   = Buku Harian Pascal
|pt   = Diário de Pascal
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}