<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pet Diary: Sesame#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 067
|partIds      = 190188
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A pet keeping diary... but are virtual pets really pets?
|part1        = Pet Diary: Sesame
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Pet Diary: Sesame''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
(I)

I heard you can make more money finding ancient relics than mining, so I asked some of my dad's acquaintances for help.

A fortnight later, the only relic I found was something similar to a rand counter &mdash; it just looked a bit smaller. I don't know anything about relics, so I had to spare a little cash to hire Balaway from Miner's Lamp for an appraisal.

Mr. Balaway said the relic is called a virtual pet. People from the Old World would feed images of their pets into it. Through the device, the pet could live on forever with its owner.

I didn't know what a pet was, so I asked him. According to the Miner's Lamp, a pet is something of a luxury, something you have to feed and take care of. I had no interest in it whatsoever.

Balaway mentioned that the parts inside could be exchanged for some money, but told me not to get my hopes up as Boss Svarog was unlikely to be interested.

What the heck. I thought this was supposed to make more money than mining.


(II)

Thankfully, everything is virtual. I fed it a ton of food and drink.

I can barely keep myself alive. It would be impossible for me to have a real pet. Thanks to this "virtual pet" thing, I can be a real pet owner.

Dad's friend says that he's looking for a buyer for me. For some reason, I kinda feel like keeping it now. Oh well, I guess I'll just help the next owner take care of it until then... I think today is Sesame's bath day.

By the way, I named it Sesame. Cute, right?


(III)

Never thought virtual pets would get sick too.

I went and found Natasha to have her look at Sesame. She said that there was nothing she could do and sent me off to look for the Miner's Lamp. I heard that she was a great doctor, how come she couldn't help Sesame?

Don't be scared Sesame, daddy's right here, hang in there.


(IV)

Sesame has recovered!

Oh man, I was so worried these last two days that I couldn't even eat! I feel so relieved right now! I have to tell everyone, they need to know that Sesame has recovered!

It's almost Sesame's birthday, so I'm gonna go get some rock crabs for the celebration! ...Even if it can't really eat anything...


(V)

Oh no! Sesame's been stolen by a bunch of bandits! Those thieves! Those scavengers! Trash!

I recognize their faces, they're thugs from the vagrant camp &mdash; they're good at selling relics. They were at the doctor's last time and heard about Sesame.

Darn! I'm gonna get Sesame back even if it costs me my life!


(VI)

Sesame! Oh, my sweet Sesame! How could you be sold for scrap...

When I found them, they said they'd already sold Sesame to Svarogs' vagrants and that it had probably already been salvaged by now.

Oh, Sesame! It'd be pointless for me to fight them now that you're gone... How could this be... I'd be better off dead...

After making a grave for Sesame, maybe... I'm just saying... maybe I should get a Crystal Lizard.


(VII)

This lizard's a pain, I'm done with it.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pet Diary: Sesame
|zhs  = 关于宠物「小麻」的日记
|zht  = 關於寵物「小麻」的日記
|ja   = 「マっちゃん」育成日記
|ko   = 반려동물 「소마」에 대한 일기
|es   = Diario sobre la mascota Sésamo
|fr   = Journal de familier&nbsp;: Sésame
|ru   = Дневник о питомце Кунжутике
|th   = บันทึกสัตว์เลี้ยง "Sesame"
|vi   = Nhật Ký Của Thú Cưng "Sesame"
|de   = Tagebuch über Haustier Sesam
|id   = Diari Hewan Peliharaan "Sesame"
|pt   = Diário de Mascote: Sésamo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}