<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Traveler Who Survived the Blizzard#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 026
|partIds      = 190134
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable 2.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A narrative poem about a lucky survivor from a Belobog textbook
|part1        = The Traveler Who Survived the Blizzard
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''The Traveler Who Survived the Blizzard''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">{{Size|+2|26 The Traveler Who Survived the Blizzard ①}}</div>

<div align="center">Thomas</div>

<br />Reading Tips

This is a poem on how people from all corners of the world stumbled through blizzards and bitter coldness to Belobog at the beginning of the Eternal Freeze. With the arrival of the Ice Age, winds grew stronger and the temperature dropped even further. Through numerous dangers and obstacles, people from all over the world came to Belobog to pass on the sparks of human civilization. The poem likens Belobog to a warm harbor and the end of the journey, inspiring the refugees to keep going. Read the poem carefully to see how the author used the perspective of the refugees to demonstrate a positive attitude and confidence towards the future, despite fears of uncertainty.

<div align="center">Pushing upon a thick wall of white fog,</div><br /><div align="center">a dim light appears in the distance, </div><br /><div align="center">flowing in the fluttering snow, </div><br /><div align="center">phasing in and out of sight.</div><br /><div align="center">The migrants tread in isolation through the freezing</div><br /><div align="center">snowy path of dead silence.</div><br /><div align="center">The weary bells</div><br /><div align="center">ringing the crisp sound of helplessness.</div>

<div align="center">A melody could be heard in the distance,</div><br /><div align="center">a voice of the past begins to echo:</div><br /><div align="center">It's the vibration of harping strings,</div><br /><div align="center">it's the reverberation of drums...</div><br /><div align="center">The faint lights no longer visible,</div><br /><div align="center">nor the black dirt walls alike,</div><br /><div align="center">only ruins and wreckage...</div><br /><div align="center">All that I encountered</div><br /><div align="center">were stone pillars marking the distance...</div><br /><div align="center">Oh, what sorrow and anxiety... Tomorrow, my family,</div><br /><div align="center">tomorrow, I shall go to the warm harbor,</div><br /><div align="center">and celebrate the end of my journey,</div><br /><div align="center">while laying my stiff bones to rest.</div>

<div align="center">We will walk to the distant lights</div><br /><div align="center">And outline the image of Belobog.</div><br /><div align="center">The long night extends the weariness of the travelers,</div><br /><div align="center">But it cannot make us lose hope.</div><br /><div align="center">Oh, how it troubles me. Family, our journey is going to be a long one.</div><br /><div align="center">The harps and drums have fallen back into silence,</div><br /><div align="center">All that's left is the fatigued bells ringing in the wind,</div><br /><div align="center">In the direction that the lights once were.</div>

① From ''Selected Poems of Thomas''. Katana Thomas (66 &mdash; 12 BF), famous poet. At the end of 47 BF, Thomas was part of a refugee train from Novgofia that traversed the snow to reach Belobog. Their arrival was warmly received by Alisa Rand, who described it as a "Great Voyage," bringing with it culture, art, and technology that are still influential in Belobog today. Thomas' poems, known as the "poems of battle," has inspired other refugees who migrated with him.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Traveler Who Survived the Blizzard
|zhs  = 穿过风雪的旅人
|zht  = 穿過風雪的旅人
|ja   = 吹雪を越えた旅人
|ko   = 눈보라를 뚫고 온 여행자
|es   = El viajero que atravesó la ventisca
|fr   = Le voyageur qui a survécu au blizzard
|ru   = Переживший пургу странник
|th   = ผู้เดินทางฝ่าพายุหิมะ
|vi   = Lữ Khách Xuyên Gió Tuyết
|de   = Der Reisende, der den Schneesturm überlebte
|id   = Pengelana yang Melintasi Badai Salju
|pt   = O Viajante que Sobreviveu à Nevasca
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}