<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Time Change Notice For Oratorio Rehearsal#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 032
|partIds      = 190140
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A notice of time change for the rehearsal to ensure its members coordinate the proper arrangements.
|part1        = Time Change Notice For Oratorio Rehearsal
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Time Change Notice For Oratorio Rehearsal''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
{{Size|+2|<div align="center">Time Change Notice For Oratorio Rehearsal</div>}}

To all members of the Goliards Chorus:

The rehearsal for next Tuesday has been rescheduled due to the Golden Theater heating device maintenance. The adjustment details are as follows:

1. The chorus rehearsal, originally scheduled to start at 9:30 on Tuesday, has been changed to 13:30 due to maintenance. Lunch will not be provided for this rehearsal.

2. The orchestra will not participate in this rehearsal because all instruments have been moved for maintenance. Please wait for further notices.

3. Due to soprano Tatiana's accidental injury and hospitalization, soprano Celine will be taking her parts in the play.

4. As the date for the official performance draws near, rehearsal time will be extended by three to four hours. The theater has arranged for transportation to ensure all members reach home safely. For those that live far from the theater, you may apply for accommodations at the Goethe Hotel.

Please inform each other, make sure everyone has read the notice, and make the proper arrangements accordingly.

<div align="right">Goliards Chorus Administrative Committee<br />
November 22, 699 AF</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Time Change Notice For Oratorio Rehearsal
|zhs  = 关于清唱剧排练时间变更通知
|zht  = 關於清唱劇排練時間變更通知
|ja   = オラトリオのリハーサル時間の変更に関する通知
|ko   = 오라토리오 연습 시간 변경 안내
|es   = Aviso de cambio de hora del ensayo del oratorio
|fr   = Avis de changement d'horaire de répétition pour l'oratorio
|ru   = Уведомление об изменении времени репетиции оратории
|th   = ประกาศเกี่ยวกับการเปลี่ยนแปลงเวลาซ้อมของละคร Oratorio
|vi   = Thông Báo Thay Đổi Thời Gian Tập Oratorio
|de   = Ankündigung der Zeitplanänderung für die Probe des Oratoriums
|id   = Pemberitahuan tentang Perubahan Jadwal Latihan Oratorio
|pt   = Aviso de Mudança de Horário do Ensaio do Oratório
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}