<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Vache's Letter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 075
|partIds      = 190198
|title        = 
|image        = Item Sealed Letter.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A letter covertly sent by Natasha's brother, Vache, after being exiled to the Snow Plains.
|part1        = Vache's Letter
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Vache's Letter''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Natasha:

How have you been? I hope you are doing well.

I am, as I stated in my previous letter, envious of you. You always show unwavering kindness to your patients... I'm envious of your inherent compassion.

I remember giving a speech on stage when I first started school, waving my arms, and advocating for the development of "Blizzard Immunity." In hindsight, I was a fool. During my final days of medical school, I became increasingly stubborn and withdrew into myself. Experiments and ambitions consumed my heart, and the patients who were supposed to be in my care were progressively ignored...

Natasha, I dare not beg your forgiveness. I owe the people of the Underworld too much already.

I might have spent the rest of my life as a madman wallowing in my convictions if you hadn't agreed to my desire for self-exile. The cold has revealed to me my arrogance. How can a child who grew up in warmth ever begin to comprehend a cure to bitter cold? Thank you for giving me one last chance to discover the answer.

I live in abandoned houses under broken roofs and continue my experiments. One step after another, I've made breakthroughs. I'm trembling, not because of the cold... but because I can feel I'm getting closer to the answer I seek... I'd become a pariah, unable to return to civilized society nor to face my parents... but I didn't despair, because I'd discovered the meaning of my existence. I had a feeling I was on the right track.

The reagents I developed in the Underworld have a serious flaw: The medication only addresses the issue of organ hypothermia and failure, and it will be caught in a never-ending vicious cycle of consumption and recovery. I should have changed the focus of my study a long time ago and tried to figure out how to raise the temperature of the organs and of the body in a controlled manner.

Natasha, thank you very much. You helped me find the missing piece in the development of Blizzard Immunity.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Vache's Letter
|zhs  = 瓦赫的信
|zht  = 瓦赫的信
|ja   = ヴァフの手紙
|ko   = 베흐의 편지
|es   = Carta de Vache
|fr   = Lettre de Wasch
|ru   = Письмо Ваша
|th   = จดหมายของ Vache
|vi   = Thư Của Vache
|de   = Vaches Brief
|id   = Surat Vache
|pt   = Carta de Vache
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}