<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wildfire Flier#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 013
|partIds      = 190117
|title        = 
|image        = Item Jarilo-VI Readable.png
|world        = Jarilo-VI
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Handwritten fliers. They are rough, but rooted in sincerity.
|part1        = Wildfire Flier
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Wildfire Flier''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Jarilo-VI]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">''*A shabby handwritten flyer. You can feel the writer's effort as the paper has been penetrated at several characters, but you can still read it.*''</div>

<div align="center">Boulder Town residents</div><br /><div align="center">When you receive this flyer,</div><br /><div align="center">you should know that the fissure is now corroding our home. </div><br /><div align="center">In the past, we had Silvermane Guards repelling invading monsters at the front line.</div><br /><div align="center">However, with an order, the soldiers have been sent away to the distant battle field.</div><br /><div align="center">They never come back.</div>

<div align="center">Without protection from the Silvermane Guards, we saw the tragedy of the Rivet Town.</div><br /><div align="center">Some escaped to the Boulder Town, struggling for a new life.</div><br /><div align="center">Some went into the mines, living a homeless life.</div><br /><div align="center">But are those misfortunes fated?</div>

<div align="center">Of course not!</div>

<div align="center">Pick up your pickaxes, take your explosions.</div><br /><div align="center">We know that the fissure's corrosion never stops. We know that monsters are running towards us.</div><br /><div align="center">Stop daydreaming about when the Silvermane Guards would return. We can protect ourselves!</div><br /><div align="center">This is our belief, Wildfire's belief.</div>

<div align="center">Wildfire not only want warriors.</div><br /><div align="center">We want more people to stand together and maintain the city's order from collapsing.</div><br /><div align="center">We also need more people to contribute to scientific medical aids.</div><br /><div align="center">We also want more people to discuss the future of the Underworld.</div><br /><div align="center">We look forward to your participation.</div>

<div align="center">Join Us</div><br /><div align="center">You can ask any Wildfire member you see in the Underworld about how to join us.</div>

<div align="center">Gathering Spot</div><br /><div align="center">Boulder Town, behind the Gathering Place (Turn right when you arrive at the barrel decoration on the top, then go straight.)</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wildfire Flier
|zhs  = 地火组织的宣传单
|zht  = 地火組織的宣傳單
|ja   = 地炎組織のチラシ
|ko   = 와일드 파이어 조직 전단지
|es   = Panfleto de Llamarada
|fr   = Dépliant des Feux sauvages
|ru   = Флаер Дикого Огня
|th   = ใบปลิวของ Wildfire
|vi   = Truyền Đơn Của Tổ Chức Lửa Ngầm
|de   = Flyer von Wildfeuer
|id   = Brosur Organisasi Wildfire
|pt   = Panfleto de Fogo Vivo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}