<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stephen Lloyd's Idea#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 40398
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Default.png
|domains_su    = Unknown
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 057
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Stephen Lloyd's Idea''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Give me some startup capital
|result_1 = Obtain some Cosmic Fragments.

|choice_2 = Give me some good stuff
|result_2 = Obtain 1 random Blessing.

|choice_3 = Do nothing
|result_3 = You don't need this.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You see a man about thirty years old with an unremarkable appearance, wearing a white shirt and brown suspenders. His eyes wander while he speaks, as if avoiding something. "Uh, I wanted to add some random occurrences to this game to make it more fun... But I think the brainwave reader is on the fritz. So, uh, now the events you encounter will be a little more, uh, monotonous. Sorry about that."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you talking about?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How bland will they be?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Like," he stutters without looking at you, "like, uh, this is a random Occurrence now. I wrote some templates, but the simulation currently doesn't have any way of converting them into content. So, you will just see the following..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' After speaking, the man disappears, and a line of words materializes where he was standing: You have encountered a {{Color|keyword|random Occurrence}}.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give me some startup capital &mdash; Obtain some Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give me some good stuff &mdash; Obtain 1 random Blessing.
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Do nothing &mdash; You don't need this.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Uh, yeah, that's how monotonous." The man says as if he is genuinely sorry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, I understand.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A borderline acceptable solution.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When will it be fixed?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hopefully very soon," the man says earnestly. "I really want you to have a good time, really. Um, once again, I'm really sorry about that."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Finish.
<pre>{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.SwitchUIMenuBGM","ShouldStop":true}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Stephen Lloyd's Idea
|zhs  = 斯蒂芬•劳艾德的点子
|zht  = 史帝芬•勞艾德的點子
|ja   = スティーブン・ロイドのアイデア
|ko   = 스티븐•로이드의 아이디어
|es   = La idea de Stephen Lloyd
|fr   = L'idée de Stephen Lloyd
|ru   = Идея Стивена Ллойда
|th   = แนวคิดของ Stephen Lloyd
|vi   = Ý Tưởng Của Stephen Lloyd
|de   = Stephen Lloyds Idee
|id   = Ide Stephen Lloyd
|pt   = Ideia de Stephen Lloyd
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}