{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You see a man about thirty years old with an unremarkable appearance, wearing a white shirt and brown suspenders. His eyes wander while he speaks, as if avoiding something. "Uh, I wanted to add some random occurrences to this game to make it more fun... But I think the brainwave reader is on the fritz. So, uh, now the events you encounter will be a little more, uh, monotonous. Sorry about that."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you talking about?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How bland will they be?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Like," he stutters without looking at you, "like, uh, this is a random Occurrence now. I wrote some templates, but the simulation currently doesn't have any way of converting them into content. So, you will just see the following..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' After speaking, the man disappears, and a line of words materializes where he was standing: You have encountered a {{Color|keyword|random Occurrence}}.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give me some startup capital &mdash; Obtain some Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give me some good stuff &mdash; Obtain 1 random Blessing.
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Do nothing &mdash; You don't need this.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Uh, yeah, that's how monotonous." The man says as if he is genuinely sorry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, I understand.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A borderline acceptable solution.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When will it be fixed?
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hopefully very soon," the man says earnestly. "I really want you to have a good time, really. Um, once again, I'm really sorry about that."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Finish.
<pre>{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.SwitchUIMenuBGM","ShouldStop":true}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}