{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You catch a whiff of the aroma of warm pastries. Your eyes fall on a bean pastry adorned with Startled Deer petals.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You continue to trace the source of the aroma. As you look up, you find a dark-haired lady standing in front of you. You can smell the residual aroma on her lips while she licks the bits of pastry stuck on her fingers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you another puppet of Herta's?
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Herta invited me to participate in this project and nurture the universe." She shakes her head. "I'm different from her. Although we appear like the best of friends in many aspects... the truth is, we aren't that close with each other."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is this place?
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "This is the simulated lab, my miniature petri dish." She says with a frown.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I nurtured this miniature slice by myself and embedded it into the code of the Simulated Universe." She strokes the embroidery on her scarf distractedly as she adds, "Don't tell Herta and Screwllum about this."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the difference between your code and Herta's?
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Herta has a thing for inventing quirky systems and gadgets, while I nurture the prototypes of the universe and the Aeons." She answers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Both of you like to pull off little tricks.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The chance of breaching into my slice is slim, so you should be happy about this. I'll give you some things," she says, "good things. But they don't come for free."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Worship Aeons. &mdash; Obtain all Blessings of (Remembrance/Nihility/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition/Harmony).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Want lots of money. &mdash; Obtain 2,000 Cosmic Fragment(s).
;(If the player has [[Ruan Mei]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Ruan Mei|You are... Ruan Mei?|Obtain all Blessings of (Remembrance/Nihility/The Hunt/Destruction/Elation/Propagation/Erudition/Harmony) and 2,000 Cosmic Fragment(s).}}
{{Dialogue End}}