<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Red Temptation#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 23001
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Contest.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Red Temptation''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Press it.
|result_1 = No one can reject a red button.

|choice_2 = Remove your hand.
|result_2 = Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.

|choice_3 = You're teaching me how to do my job?
|result_3 = Opposing me proves that I'm right about pressing it.

|choice_4 = Be receptive to feedback.
|result_4 = Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.

|choice_5 = I told you to stop pressing the button.
|result_5 = Enter a tough battle. If you win, you will gain 1 3-star Blessing(s) and 150 Cosmic Fragments.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are in a vast and empty room. It is a perfect and elegant cube shape. Its pure, white metal walls are completely sealed. The corners of the walls are even constructed into a 120-degree arc to leave no gap or crack.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In the center of the empty room is a giant, red button. There is no explanation or protection. It stands alone atop a mechanical device in the center of the room.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In a flash, you feel like you can hear the echo of a mechanical device whirring to life under the button, like the beating of a heart. When you realize what has happened, you see your hand placed upon the red button.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Press it. &mdash; No one can reject a red button.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Nothing happened. Maybe it hasn't been pushed in so long that it's gotten stuck? You decide to press it again.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A mechanical voice resounds throughout the empty room, warning you: "This button is extremely dangerous, and we advise that you do not press it."
::{{DIcon|Star}} You're teaching me how to do my job? &mdash; Opposing me proves that I'm right about pressing it.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' In an instant, the room begins to shake and the sound of gears turning together comes endlessly pouring out from under your feet. Whatever it is, you must have awakened some kind of terrifying existence.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} I told you to stop pressing the button. &mdash; Enter a tough battle. If you win, you will gain 1 3-star Blessing(s) and 150 Cosmic Fragments.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' I told you not to press the button.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Be receptive to feedback. &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Let's think positively. Maybe there was an evil outer god sealed under the button, or maybe a bomb that could destroy stars? Either way, congratulations! You just saved the world!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Remove your hand. &mdash; Obtain 1 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Curiosity always leads to danger &mdash; You've seen enough horror movies to know this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Red Temptation
|zhs  = 红色诱惑
|zht  = 紅色誘惑
|ja   = {{Rubi|赤|あか}}い{{Rubi|誘惑|ゆうわく}}
|ko   = 붉은 유혹
|es   = Tentación roja
|fr   = Tentation écarlate
|ru   = Красное искушение
|th   = สีแดงที่ชวนลุ่มหลง
|vi   = Sự Cám Dỗ Màu Đỏ
|de   = Rote Versuchung
|id   = Godaan Merah
|pt   = Tentação Vermelha
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}