<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#First Battle of the Shopping Street#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24801
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Paranormal.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 126
}}
'''First Battle of the Shopping Street''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Gummy candies so spicy that they make one rethink life
|result_1 = Obtain 1 Equation(s) of 3-star rarity and 1 random Negative Curio(s)

|choice_2 = Hard-crack candies so numbing that make one reconsider monsterdom
|result_2 = Discard 5 random Curio(s) and obtain 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity

|choice_3 = Fruit candies mumbling speechlessly
|result_3 = Obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments and 1 Curio(s) related to Cosmic Fragments
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You sit cross-legged on the cushion as you lock eyes with the half-human half-snake shop owner. The excitement of the 99th Staring Contest is reaching its peak. Even the water demon's two drinking buddies can't help but cover their mouths, for fear they would disturb this world-shattering showdown.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The lion-dog officer assigned to maintain order on the scene is nervously chowing down on dog food. Even the biker gang youth they cuffed under arrest is sweating over the contest.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Give it up, young one. There are scant few in the Heavenly Kingdom of Eloquence &mdash; and fewer still in this Shopping Street &mdash; who can defeat me in this contest." The shop owner makes a threatening sound and her forked tongue almost touches your eyes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} For the glory of humanity!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I didn't catch that.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You're stubborn but you can feel your eyes becoming the desert of Planet Mio as they part ways with all water molecules.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You widen your eyes, trying to hurt your opponent's pupils with your gaze. Two pairs of eyes protrude in the air like the finest ornamental goldfish, almost popping out of their eye sockets to collide with each other like meteorites.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Gah, I surrender." The shop owner painfully closes her eyes. In that moment, every human and monster cheers for your victory. As this year's champion, you get the chance to be the first to taste all limited-edition products in the candy store!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Gummy candies so spicy that they make one rethink life &mdash; Obtain 1 Equation(s) of 3-star rarity and 1 random Negative Curio(s)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Hard-crack candies so numbing that make one reconsider monsterdom &mdash; Discard 5 random Curio(s) and obtain 1 Curio(s) of 3-star rarity
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fruit candies mumbling speechlessly &mdash; Obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments and 1 Curio(s) related to Cosmic Fragments
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hiss... Don't get too cocky now. There is always a stronger opponent," the shop owner laughs and flicks her forked tongue. "I am the weakest among the Four Unblinking Kings."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = First Battle of the Shopping Street
|zhs  = 商店街一番战
|zht  = 商店街一番戰
|ja   = {{Rubi|商店街|しょうてんがい}}での{{Rubi|第一戦|だいいっせん}}
|ko   = 상점가의 첫 번째 전투
|es   = Primera batalla de la calle comercial
|fr   = Premier combat de la rue commerçante
|ru   = Первая битва торговой улицы
|th   = ศึกย่านการค้าครั้งที่หนึ่ง
|vi   = Cuộc Chiến Đầu Tiên Của Phố Thương Mại
|de   = Erstes Duell der Einkaufsstraßen
|id   = Pertempuran di Pusat Perbelanjaan
|pt   = A Primeira Batalha da Rua Comercial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}