{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Saleo (Part 1)
|image         = Random Event Twin.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Saleo (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter a dimly-lit motel on Layton. At the stairway, you meet a massive guest who looks intimidating. Its body is formed by a transparent gel-like substance, and it has two heads knocking each other &mdash; one of them has red antennae, while the other has a white halo.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find your neighbor terrifying. It seems like you have to choose between its two personalities.
:''':''' "Our name is Saleo. Sal, the older one, is the demon. Leo, the younger one, is the angel. Which one do you want as your neighbor?"
;(If Intra-Cognition is between 30 and 40 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|Get rid of these two troublesome "neighbors."|Enter a very tough battle. If you win, you will gain 1 3-star Blessing(s) and 2 Curio(s).}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Flamespawn*1/;Blaze Out of Space (Bug)*1/;Ice Out of Space (Bug)*1/;Frostspawn*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pick Sal. &mdash; Obtain 1 Curio, and all characters lose HP equal to 20% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 20% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{tx}}<!--ID: 30002-->)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pick Leo. &mdash; Discard 1 Curio, and obtain a 2-star Blessing.
:;(Discard a Curio)
::;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 萨里奥（其一）
|zht   = 薩里奧（其一）
|ja    = サリオ（その1）
|ko    = 살레오 (1)
|es    = Saleo (I)
|fr    = Saleo (partie 1)
|ru    = Салео I
|th    = Saleo (1)
|vi    = Saleo 1
|de    = Saleo (Teil 1)
|id    = Saleo (1)
|pt    = Saleo (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
