<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Path of the Sage (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26701-2
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_36.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 156
}}
'''Path of the Sage (III)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Oracles and divination books.
|result_1 = Obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity and 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity

|choice_2 = Finance and asset management books.
|result_2 = Obtain 800 Cosmic Fragments
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You follow the Woven Trail, its winding paths twisting in intricate, almost deliberate patterns. Passing through the White Dryad Woods, where philosophical debates took place, you finally arrive at the most sacred place in all of Amphorean academia &mdash; the Grove of Epiphany's Library of Philia.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Here lies the vast majority of Amphoreus's books. To you, it's as if a hopeless drinker has stumbled upon Phagousa's legendary wine cellar &mdash; the sheer temptation to lose yourself in this sea of wisdom is overwhelming.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As a scholar of the Grove, even if the title still bears the "intern" prefix, you have the privilege to read any book in this library. So, where do you start?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Oracles and divination books. &mdash; Obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity and 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity
:{{DIcon|Star}} Finance and asset management books. &mdash; Obtain 800 Cosmic Fragments
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You consume the text with a hunger so ravenous, it's as if your mind itself has been starved. Each word, is like rainfall upon a drought-stricken field, quenching your insatiable thirst for knowledge.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' With this formidable library at your disposal, and your own brilliant intellect to guide you, who's to say that one day you won't rise to the ranks of the Seven Sages?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Path of the Sage (III)
|zhs  = 贤人之路（其三）
|zht  = 賢人之路（其三）
|ja   = {{Rubi|賢者|けんじゃ}}の{{Rubi|道|みち}}（その3）
|ko   = 현인의 길 (3)
|es   = El camino del sabio III
|fr   = La voie de la sagesse III
|ru   = Путь мудреца III
|th   = เส้นทางนักปราชญ์ 3
|vi   = Con Đường Hiền Giả 3
|de   = Weg des Weisen (Teil 3)
|id   = Jalan Orang Bijak 3
|pt   = Caminho do Sábio (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}