<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Sunset Rendezvous#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1010602
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Sunset Rendezvous.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In the Withering Wintry Night
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Sunset Rendezvous]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bronya; Natasha; Seele; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Cheap Room]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Cheap Room
|prev          = 
|next          = The Past Will Return as an Avalanche
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Sunset Rendezvous''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In the Withering Wintry Night]].

==Steps==
# Go outside and take a walk
# Talk and walk with Bronya
# Listen to Natasha's request

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go outside and take a walk{{subst:void|<!--101060201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Cheap Room|Although this night was not disturbed by the sound of the footsteps of the troops, you were abruptly awakened by the eerie whispers in your dream.<br />You've had the same nightmare for several days in a row. This odd coincidence has made it hard for you to fall asleep.<br />You've tried sleeping in all postures, and forcing yourself to sleep will only cause more frustration... Why don't you go outside and take a walk?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 player 202 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 4 player 202 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (That voice again... such a strange dream.)
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 player 203 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 4 player 203 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (May as well go for a walk if I can't sleep.)
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 207.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Who goes there? Show yourself!
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 208.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' ...It's you. Don't sneak up behind me next time. Lucky for you I wasn't armed.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 209.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' No sleep for you either, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've been having nightmares recently.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 210.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I understand. The more that weighs on your mind, the more your fears become dreamscapes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm worried about the future.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 211.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I know what you mean. I don't like the feeling that I'm not in control. And now...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't sleep unless I've worked for eight hours.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 212.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' ...You need someone to look after you.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 213.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Actually, seeing as there's no one around... can I ask you some things?
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 214.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' This {{Rubi|Stellaron|Source of the Disaster}} you speak of... if you were to find it, how sure are you that you could stop the Eternal Freeze?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} 100%!
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 215.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Your confidence actually makes me even more worried... This isn't like helping a child make a snowball.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 216.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I see... Well, thank you for being sincere. In itself, it's a comfort to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You'd better ask Dan Heng.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 217.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Is he your leader? I feel he possesses a great stillness of mind in everything he does.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 218.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' You know, it was difficult for me to believe you. Some of the words you use are too alien for those that have lived their entire life in Belobog.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 219.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' As far as I was concerned, Madam Cocolia's order to arrest you sounded reasonable... but why didn't she issue it straight away?
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 220.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' She must have realized something about you... Something I haven't yet been able to perceive for myself, and it bothers me...
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 221.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' What must have transpired to cause her such a drastic change? ...Still, orders are orders. It's not for soldiers to question their superiors.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You had no choice.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 222.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I don't need you to absolve me. The truth is, I didn't have every confidence that I was doing the right thing, but the sense of duty to carry out an order is bound to prevail with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Only a fool follows orders blindly.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 223.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I don't need you to remind me, and I didn't have every confidence that I was doing the right thing. But the sense of duty to carry out an order is bound to prevail with me.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 224.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' In the past, Overworld soldiers on the front line would lose their lives in droves, and yet the Fragmentum's advance would remain unaffected.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 225.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Madam Cocolia decided on a last-ditch offensive. She thought that if the surface fell, the underground would immediately collapse without source of supply. However, in the reverse scenario, humanity would hold out longer.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 226.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Nevertheless, that was her reason for deploying all the Silvermane Guards to the front line. The transport line for supplies and Geomarrow remained open, but the passage between the surface and the underground ceased. I approved of that decision...
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 227.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I never thought that the Underworld would sink into such ruin without the Silvermane Guards... Perhaps mother was wrong...
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 228.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' But how can I change her mind? I've tried, but she won't listen. I don't know how to get through to her...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We'll help you.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 229.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Help me change the mind of the Madam Guardian? Not easy. Nobody knows that better than I do.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should become the supreme guardian.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 230.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' You mean...
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 231.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' ...What was I thinking!? No... I shouldn't... That was a diabolical thought!
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 232.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' The more I think about it, the more disoriented I get, which in turn makes me think about it even more... I just want a better life for the people of Belobog...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The world is more complicated than you think.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's work together, maybe we can make a change.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can't save the world alone.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 233.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' ...Maybe you're right, or not. Right now I just... need more time to think.
:{{tx}}
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk and walk with Bronya{{subst:void|<!--101060207-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|update|You discover Bronya outside. She seems to be having trouble sleeping as well.<br />Insomniacs often attract one another... Now you understand that the saying might not be just a joke.<br />Talk to Bronya and ask her why she looks so worried.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 player 205 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 4 player 205 f.ogg}} (This is a little far, I should follow Bronya.)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 player 205 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 4 player 205 f.ogg}} (This is a little far, I should follow Bronya.)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 235.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I can't remember the last time I went for a walk like this. I never thought I'd take one through such a strange place, with someone I'd only just gotten to know.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 236.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' It's so quiet here I'm not used to it... *sigh* The quieter things are around you, the louder they are in your head.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 237.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' I'm surprised the vagrants in the Great Mine go after the mining teams, they must be desperate.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 238.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Still, whatever their situation, a crime is a crime. *sigh* How is the law supposed to find a balance between justice and compassion in the face of such complexity...

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:<!--4-second delay-->
:{{A|VO chapter1 Ag1 seele 108.ogg}} '''Seele:''' ...How much longer can you last with your current supplies?
:{{A|VO chapter1 Ag1 bronya 101.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Is that... Seele?
:{{A|VO chapter1 Ag1 bronya 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 Ag1 bronya 102 f.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' (Trailblazer), let's go take a look.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 201.ogg}} '''Seele:''' ...I know. I'll go to Rivet Town and bring them back for you.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 201.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's too dangerous to go alone. Get Oleg to send someone with you.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 202.ogg}} '''Seele:''' The rest of Wildfire has barely gotten any sleep the last few days. They should rest. They'd only be holding their eyelids open and slowing me down.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 203.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Besides, didn't you say some of the miners were gravely injured? Lives are on the line...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there trouble?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like we arrived just on time.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 204.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Aren't you supposed to be sleeping? What are you doing out here?
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 205.ogg}} '''Seele:''' ...Up to no good, perhaps?
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 242.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' We're just having a walk. Neither of us could sleep. You can rescind your baseless accusations.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 206.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Hmph. Walk somewhere else, then...
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 202.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Easy, Seele, maybe they can help.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Always willing to help Miss Natasha.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 203.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Haha, I'm grateful.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're not helping anyone with a temper like that.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 204.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hey, come on now, Seele's got a sharp tongue but a soft heart. She didn't mean anything.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. We'll help with anything.
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 205.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Haha, oh yeah? Well look at you swaggering in like the protagonist in your own story.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 206.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Here's the situation: The clinic is packed full of people injured in the mines incident. Since you helped us resolve things, Seele and I have been busy caring for them.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 207.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' As you know, the underground is lacking resources to begin with. Add on the sudden nature of the incident, and it's no surprise that the clinic is almost out of medical supplies. We need to acquire more... somehow.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are there other towns in the underground?
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 207.ogg}} '''Seele:''' *sigh* The situation in other towns is even worse than ours.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get Sampo to acquire some?
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 208.ogg}} '''Seele:''' You don't know him at all yet, do you? You can't rely on people like Sampo when it's important.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 209.ogg}} '''Seele:''' As the Fragmentum spreads underground, more monsters go roaming around causing trouble for all the towns. That means more vagrants in the mines.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 210.ogg}} '''Seele:''' The towns' resources have been swallowed up by the Fragmentum. To get anything now, people have to risk their lives!
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 208.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Easy now, Seele. Anger isn't good for one's health.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 209.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Seele and I actually aren't from here. We both come from an industrial town to the north. A few years ago, the Fragmentum began to seep into the town center.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 210.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I used to manage an orphanage and clinic there, but after the Fragmentum corroded the area, I had no choice but to move here to Boulder Town. After all, I have to survive myself if I want to save more people.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 243.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Go to a corroded town to collect some useful resources? I'm in.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We'll help, too.
::How come you catch on this quick!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, what's the plan?
::How come you catch on this quick!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How come you catch on this quick!?
::{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 244.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' You want to come as well? But you look quite tired.
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to Natasha's request{{subst:void|<!--101060210-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|update|The two suffering from the same illness decide to walk around to ease their minds. You discover Seele and Natasha chatting on the side of the street.<br />The two seem to be in trouble and Natasha asks for your help despite Seele's disapproval. You should probably hear what Natasha's request is all about.<br />However... Why is everyone out so late at night?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 213.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The place you are going to is called Rivet Town. Follow the path through the mountains to the north for a bit and you'll arrive there.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 214.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let me think... I'm almost out of metal plates and bandages used for immobilizing broken bones. There's a market in the center of Rivet Town. Residents left behind piles of materials there when they evacuated. Please look for some there...
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 215.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh! Also, rubbing alcohol. I kept a bunch at the orphanage, since the kids often got into tussles. I didn't bring it with me when I left... I hope it's still intact.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 216.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Lastly, painkillers. There should be a bunch stored in the old lab. Hopefully they haven't been destroyed by monsters...
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 natasha 217.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' These should be enough to get by for a bit longer. Be careful. Don't push yourselves too hard.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 213.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Metal plates and bandages, rubbing alcohol, and painkillers... Got it, piece of cake.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 214.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Let's go, if we leave now we can still make it back before sundown. When it comes to helping injured people groaning in pain, the sooner the better.
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 246.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' If we hadn't happened to be passing by... were you really planning to go into the Fragmentum alone?
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 215.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Of course. What's all the fuss about? I've done that loads of times.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 bronya 247.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' So reckless... According to the rules of the Silvermane Guards, any expedition into the Fragmentum must have a squad of at least four members, as well as a communications officer.
:{{A|VO chapter1 4 seele 216.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Exactly, a rule of the Silvermane Guards. Don't apply your rules to us.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Sunset Rendezvous
|zhs  = 相会在日落时分
|zht  = 相會在日落時分
|ja   = 夕方の逢瀬
|ko   = 해질녘의 만남
|es   = Encuentro al atardecer
|fr   = Un rendez-vous au coucher du soleil
|ru   = Свидание на закате
|th   = พบกันเมื่อยามอัสดง
|vi   = Điểm Hẹn Hoàng Hôn
|de   = Ein Rendezvous bei Sonnenuntergang
|id   = Pertemuan Matahari Terbenam
|pt   = Um Encontro ao Pôr do Sol
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
