<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Everwinter Night#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1010203
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Everwinter Night.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In the Withering Wintry Night
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Travelers on a Winter Night]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aggressive Citizen; Aggrieved Citizen; Composed Silvermane Guard; Distressed Citizen; Nosy Citizen; Pela; Stern Silvermane Guard; Trailblazer; Worried Citizen
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Administrative District]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Administrative District
|prev          = Travelers on a Winter Night
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Everwinter Night''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In the Withering Wintry Night]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Talk to Worried Citizen)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenD 201.ogg}} '''Worried Citizen:''' What am I gonna do? Only the Madam Guardian can help me...

;(Talk to Aggressive Citizen)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenC 201.ogg}} '''Aggressive Citizen:''' Hey, you got a problem? If you wanna petition then start queuing. Don't even think about pushing in.

;(Talk to Nosy Citizen)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenB 201.ogg}} '''Nosy Citizen:''' Say, the officer that you were speaking to... was that Gepard Landau?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenB 202.ogg}} '''Nosy Citizen:''' Argh, I knew it was him &mdash; I wasn't brave enough to go over. I should've tried to stop him.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenB 203.ogg}} '''Nosy Citizen:''' Captain Gepard is wise and decisive, and of noble birth... I'm sure he'd help me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you make of him?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenB 204.ogg}} '''Nosy Citizen:''' What do I make of him? Why, he's a captain of the Silvermane Guards &mdash; not to mention of noble birth! I mean, he's a Landau!
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenB 205.ogg}} '''Nosy Citizen:''' If I could just find a way to tell him about my situation, I'm sure he'd help me.
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenB 206.ogg}} '''Nosy Citizen:''' *sigh* I'm getting ahead of myself, I already missed my chance... back to the queue I guess.

;(Talk to Aggrieved Citizen)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenA 201.ogg}} '''Aggrieved Citizen:''' This queue isn't moving, how long are we gonna be here...

;(Talk to Soldier)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierB 204.ogg}} '''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Stand back! This area is off limits &mdash; only Silvermane Guards are permitted to enter here!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are the Guards able to control the situation?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierC 203.ogg}} '''Composed Silvermane Guard:''' We're optimistic &mdash; this area has only recently been corroded, so monsters are few and far between. Please, have faith in the Guards.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierB 205.ogg}} '''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' If it weren't for most of our forces being deployed to the front line, situations like this wouldn't amount to anything! We can't even go on the offensive.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's down there?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierC 204.ogg}} '''Composed Silvermane Guard:''' It used to be a transport hub... but it's been closed down.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierB 206.ogg}} '''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Darn monsters!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} This must be a hard job.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierC 205.ogg}} '''Composed Silvermane Guard:''' Well, this is our duty as Silvermane Guards. We are responsible for the safety of the citizenry.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierB 207.ogg}} '''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Duty is duty &mdash; we trust in the higher-ups! But I worry about our compatriots below ground. They must be&mdash;
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierC 206.ogg}} '''Composed Silvermane Guard:''' That's enough, the guardian has strictly forbidden discussion of Underworld affairs...
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierB 208.ogg}} '''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Right! I'm such a hothead. I'll zip it!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any more questions.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 soldierC 207.ogg}} '''Composed Silvermane Guard:''' Please keep a safe distance, this is a live situation. Plus, we need to look busy.

;(Talk to Distressed Citizen)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 citizenE 203.ogg}} '''Distressed Citizen:''' Let me pass! I'm not afraid to die! I've lost everything... everything...


;(Talk to Pela)
:{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 210.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Any questions~?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Does the monument have any symbolic meaning?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 211.ogg}} '''Pela:''' The monument is made up of two parts: A gear that symbolizes knowledge and industrial strength, and huge ice crystals that symbolize the Eternal Freeze. These two symbols are bound together &mdash; the gear restricting the ice. It represents the unyielding spirit of the Architects in the face of nature's barbarity.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are those blue crystals?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 212.ogg}} '''Pela:''' You mean, what are they made of? It's Geomarrow that's undergone a change in color. The color of Geomarrow is related to the environmental temperature during its refinement.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the Architects?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 213.ogg}} '''Pela:''' The Architects are followers of the Aeon Qlipoth. It was they that foresaw the crisis, built up our walls, and established Belobog &mdash; preserving the spark of human civilization.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 214.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Or to put it another way, the Architects are Belobog's founders and saviors. Even today, they are still tending to the city.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did the Eternal Freeze occur?
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 215.ogg}} '''Pela:''' That's a question for the Scientific Research Division, though they may not be able to give you a definitive answer.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 216.ogg}} '''Pela:''' The Eternal Freeze is no ordinary natural disaster &mdash; meteorological records from hundreds of years ago cannot explain the cause. To put it simply, it's a problem that has plagued Belobog scientists for centuries.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
::{{A|VO chapter1 1 pela 217.ogg}} '''Pela:''' And what about you guys? Take your time, we're not in a rush.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Everwinter Night
|zhs  = 永冬城之夜
|zht  = 永冬城之夜
|ja   = 常冬の城の夜
|ko   = 영원한 겨울 성의 밤
|es   = Eterna noche invernal
|fr   = Nuit de l'Hiver éternel
|ru   = Ночь в городе вечнозимья
|th   = ค่ำคืนของเมืองแห่งความหนาวนิรันดร์
|vi   = Đêm Ở Thành Everwinter
|de   = Immerwinternacht
|id   = Malam Kota Salju Abadi
|pt   = Noite do Inverno Eterno
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
