<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hide-and-Seek#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1010405
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hide-and-Seek.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In the Withering Wintry Night
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Hide-and-Seek]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cunning Child; Hook; Julian; March 7th; Natasha; Seemingly Adult Man; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Natasha's Clinic]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Natasha's Clinic
|prev          = 
|next          = The Eighth and Final Rule
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*300; Adventure Log*3; Credit*4,000
}}
'''''Hide-and-Seek''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In the Withering Wintry Night]].

==Steps==
# Talk to the unfamiliar woman and find out about what's happening
# Find March 7th and Dan Heng
# See what March 7th is doing
# Find the concealed kid to complete the practice
# Find all the concealed kids to win the game
# Find all the hidden children and win
# Find all the concealed kids to win the game
# Follow Hook to the Fight Club

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to the unfamiliar woman and find out about what's happening{{subst:void|<!--101040102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Natasha's Clinic|As the daughter of the Supreme Guardian, Bronya has always been quick and decisive &mdash; this pursuit operation targeted at you was no exception.<br />Good thing your "good pal" Sampo arrived just in time to rescue you. It's just that... it would've been better if he didn't knock you out with the smoke bomb made from questionable ingredients.<br />In your daze, you realize that you aren't tied up but placed on a bed somewhere &mdash; to a degree, this tells you that you're not in immediate danger. You'll have to ask the unfamiliar woman in front of you for more details.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} ???
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 211.ogg}} '''???:''' How are you feeling? Any aches or pains?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, I feel much better.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 212.ogg}} '''???:''' Good. You were out for a while, I was beginning to worry. You were saying some strange things.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've got migraines all over my body.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 213.ogg}} '''???:''' ...I hope you're joking, hehe... That's either an interesting metaphor, or you hit your head.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I had a weird dream...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 214.ogg}} '''???:''' I bet, you were mumbling something about "Stellarons" and "wishes"... I couldn't make sense of it.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 215.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Well, now that you're awake, you should probably try moving your limbs. I'm Natasha &mdash; a doctor in the underground. You've already spent a day in my clinic.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nice to meet you, I'm (Trailblazer).
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 216.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Nice to meet you too... Hehe, you're very polite.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this the underground?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 217.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Yes... it's a place that's been sealed off and neglected by the overgrounders for more than a decade. The underground has none of the splendor of the surface &mdash; the people here dig tunnels and mine ore to make a living.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is your clinic?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 218.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm-hmm, I'm afraid the conditions underground are terrible. People get sick easily here, and I'm the only doctor.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 219.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Sampo's gone to clear up a mess of his own making, so I'm looking after you in the meantime. Based on your current state, I don't think there's any cause for alarm &mdash; you seem perfectly healthy.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 220.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So if you don't mind, I'll go and take a look at the other patients?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why did I pass out?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 221.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Sampo just told me that you lost consciousness. He didn't say why. Still, I'll wager it had something to do with him &mdash; he's always tinkering with his devices.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 222.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Anyway, the opinion of the clinic is that none of you have come to harm.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} People were following us...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 223.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Sampo told me. Don't worry, the Silvermane Guards won't follow you below ground. We've been cut off from the surface for many years. Even when things were at their worst down here, they never showed.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 224.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Of course, I don't know the whole story behind why the Architects ordered the lockdown. Who knows, thanks to you, they might finally be about to lift it... something that Wildfire's wanted to achieve for a long time now.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's our medical bill...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 225.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh, please, you needn't worry. You've just been asleep for a while, I barely had to lift a finger.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 226.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I... might've exaggerated your condition for Sampo's ears... but that guy owes me. He better bring me back some medicine.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where are my friends?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 227.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' They've been up for a while already. The young guy with the dark hair left first &mdash; he went with Sampo.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 228.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Your rowdier friend took off soon after waking up. I imagine she'll be taking a stroll nearby.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 229.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' As for the girl in the Silvermane Guard uniform, I told Sampo to watch her... but it seems that he left his post and she made a run for it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is this Sampo anyway?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 230.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Good question... he's a man of mystery. He claims to be a simple cross-border businessman &mdash; not that there's much to interest an Overworlder down here. Either way, he's got a surprising number of connections.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 231.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've managed to secure more than a few urgent medical supplies through him, and he's been a big help to Wildfire... In any case, I don't think his intentions are sinister.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I need to meet up with them.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 232.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Sure, but don't push yourself. If you start feeling unwell, come straight back and tell me.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 233.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...And if you run into any trouble, you can try asking for Wildfire.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wildfire?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 234.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's a grassroots organization. Think of it as the Silvermane Guards of the underground, but less stone-hearted.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you, Dr. Natasha.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't thank you enough. Bye for now.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 235.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' No need to thank me. It's a doctor's duty to heal.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find March 7th and Dan Heng{{subst:void|<!--101040103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|The doctor named Natasha explained the entire incident to you. You now know two things:<br />One, Dan Heng has been grabbed by Sampo. And two, March 7th abandoned you to go shopping. As for Bronya... Well, you're not too concerned about the well-being of your enemies right now.<br />Whatever the case, you decide to find your two companions first and have a deep conversation about why they left you behind.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 236.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Y'know, the underground has been cut off from the surface for years. For you outsiders to descend on us out of nowhere is pretty incredible.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 237.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Everything alright? You feeling okay?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to ask about the Underworld...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 238.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The Underworld? What do you want to know?
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do people live down here?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 239.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Because we need Geomarrow. After Belobog's construction, the demand for energy kept increasing. The Eternal Freeze prevented us from expanding outwards, so our only choice was to go down.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 240.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The people answered the call of the Architects and descended, excavating ore veins and establishing mines. Before we were sealed off, it was an honor to work underground.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 241.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It was a choice... the pursuit of arduous labor for the survival of our entire civilization.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is life in the Underworld?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 242.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...It's never been good. Conditions are tough both above and below the surface. The Overworld is faced with the Eternal Freeze and Fragmentum corrosion, and the Underworld has to contend with hard labor, suffocating heat, and serious shortages.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 243.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's been over a decade since the Silvermane Guards withdrew from the Underworld, and the situation here has only gotten worse. The only contact we have is the exchange of Geomarrow for goods.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 244.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' And what's more... the Fragmentum corrosion has begun to reach us down here, too...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask something else.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to ask about Sampo...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 245.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Ask away, but I'm afraid I don't know a lot about him myself.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you get to know him?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 246.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' A meticulously choreographed "chance meeting..." Sampo is pretty good at orchestrating unexpected encounters, and he always leaves a lasting impression.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 247.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' According to him, that's the gift of a businessman.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know where he went?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 248.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, I hear that question a lot &mdash; seems like he owes everyone something. That's why he never discloses his whereabouts.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 249.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' When people need him, he appears, and when people really need him, he disappears. Sampo's first and second laws of motion.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask something else.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to ask about Wildfire...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 250.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I'm a doctor, not an informant! Very well, what's the question?
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is Wildfire?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 251.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Wildfire is a volunteer grassroots organization. Like I said, you can think of it as the Silvermane Guards of the underground.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 252.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' They've taken on the duties of the Guards: Maintain safety and order in the Underworld and compete with Fragmentum corrosion for living space.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can I find them?
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 253.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Wherever there is hardship and a cry for help, there is Wildfire.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 254.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...You can always find them.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask something else.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm fine.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 natasha 255.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Okay, take care, and make sure you look after yourself.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 player 201 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 2 player 201 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I gotta find March 7th and Dan Heng... but where should I start?)
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===See what March 7th is doing{{subst:void|<!--101040105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|update|You find March 7th and discover her to be immersed in a children's game and doesn't notice you at all.<br />"Of course," you think. "When a companion is unconscious and the other missing, what better way to resolve it than to 'find a few kids to play games with'?"<br />You've convinced yourself. Now it's the cute March 7th's turn to do the same.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 201.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...So you promise that if I win hide-and-seek, you'll tell big sister March all the ins and outs.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 201.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Yep! All the ins and outs, hehe! ...What does that mean?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 202.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' It just means you'll tell me all the details. No hiding anything, and no telling fibs.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 202.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmph, Hook isn't an overgrounder y'know! Hook never tells fibs!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 201.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Yeah, never!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 203.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Well, that's settled then~ Okay, let's play... Huh?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 204.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' You... When did you get here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've been here a while.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 205.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Uh... th&mdash;this isn't just hide-and-seek, okay? Let me explain...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does it matter?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 205.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Uh... th&mdash;this isn't just hide-and-seek, okay? Let me explain...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not that long... big sister.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 207.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Quit acting like a child!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 208.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' It's like this: After I woke up, that doctor said Sampo had taken Dan Heng with him. I went around in circles trying to find the blue-haired scoundrel, and bumped into these kids. They say they know where he is!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 209.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' But they said I had to join "The Moles" or something if I wanted to find out... and to do that, I had to prove my strength by winning a game of hide-and-seek... do you get it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get it. Need a teammate?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 210 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 210 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Huh. (Trailblazer), when did you start being so nice?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get it. Well, best of luck.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 212 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 212 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' (Trailblazer), you just got here and now you're gonna leave? Play hide-and-seek with me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get it. You're being bullied by children.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 214 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 214 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...Ugh, so what if I am! (Trailblazer), why don't you help me, huh!?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 203.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hey, are you done with your secret talk!? The Moles' time is precious!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the concealed kid to complete the practice{{subst:void|<!--101040111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|update|March 7th attempts to convince you but you no longer care for it as much anymore, because the kids have started taunting you.<br />You will not stand for this! It's time to show these children the cruelty of the grown-ups' world.<br />Use your unrivaled and precise hiding skills to teach these kids a lesson!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Hook)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 219.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Ha! Gotcha!
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"GroupID": 41,
	"GroupNpcID": 400001
}</pre>
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 223 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 223 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' (Trailblazer), it's simple. When you see one of them, you just have to catch them!
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 206.ogg}} '''Hook:''' S&mdash;So what, it's just a practice! Wait until we're playing for real &mdash; you'll see!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 220.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hehe, bring it on!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 207.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Alright, now we're playing for real! You gotta count to fifty before you open your eyes &mdash; no cheating!
;(Screen fades to black)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 221.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' 47... 48... 49... 50!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 222.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hehe~ Ready or not, here I come, naughty children...
----
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find all the concealed kids to win the game{{subst:void|<!--101040106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|update|March 7th attempts to convince you but you no longer care for it as much anymore, because the kids have started taunting you.<br />You will not stand for this! It's time to show these children the cruelty of the grown-ups' world.<br />Little do they know that the practice just now was just a warm-up... The cruel and real Hide-and-seek is only about to begin!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 298.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hmm... something's not right...
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 299.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' That guy's been staring at us this whole time... Hide-and-seek might have to wait &mdash; let's see what he wants.
----

;(Talk to Hook)
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 231.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 204.ogg}} '''Seemingly Adult Man:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 232.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' My instincts are telling me something's not right with this guy, but...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's him, no doubt.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 205.ogg}} '''Seemingly Adult Man:''' Nonsense! Ahem! How many eight-year-olds do you see walking around that look like this, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's looking taller... and older.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 206.ogg}} '''Seemingly Adult Man:''' That's because I'm tall... and old! I'm a grown man! Ask anyone!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like an adult to me...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 233.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...With a child's brain...?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 207.ogg}} '''Seemingly Adult Man:''' Well here's the truth: I'm a grown man!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 234.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Alright, the jig is up, your voice gave it away...
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 208.ogg}} '''Julian:''' ...Argh! But I'm Julian of a Thousand Faces! *sigh* Why did you have to talk to me! My reputation is ruined... What will the boss think!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 235.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' No need for the melodrama. That was still a magical performance...
----

;(Talk to Moles Sidekick)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 227.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Haha, I caught you!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 childA 201.ogg}} '''Cunning Child:''' Hmph, doesn't count unless you can answer this question.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay, let's hear it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Show me the rule book.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 228.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Wha&mdash;! But we caught you! What's with the Q&A?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 childA 202.ogg}} '''Cunning Child:''' ...*sigh* I thought I had you there.
----

;(Talk to Hook)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find all the hidden children and win{{subst:void|<!--101040113-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 225.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, where are you going?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 226.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Come back, come back, they won't be hiding that far away!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
:<!--2-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 225.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, where are you going?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 226.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Come back, come back, they won't be hiding that far away!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
:<!--2-second delay-->
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 208.ogg}} '''Hook:''' The Moles haven't lost a game for ages! You're doomed!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 209.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You got it yet? We're the underground's greatest hiders and seekers!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find all the concealed kids to win the game{{subst:void|<!--101040109-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
----
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 julian 209.ogg}} '''Julian:''' I... *sigh* I'm sorry boss! I failed...
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 212.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Darn! How did you see through Julian's disguise? What villainy is this?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 236.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hehehe... "Those with keen eyes see the dust between the stars!" I came up with that, by the way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} With my help!
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 237.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Yeah, yeah, you're in the footnote somewhere~
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sure did!
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 238.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' About time I got some credit for it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't sound like something you'd say...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 239.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey! I read books y'know!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 240.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' So, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, you can tell us now, right?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 213.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ummmm... Yes. The boss of The Moles is true to her word!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 214.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hook saw the blue-haired guy take your dark-haired friend to the Fight Club.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 241.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' The Fight Club?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought the first rule was...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 242.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...You don't talk about it...
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 215.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Is this more secret talk?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That doesn't sound good!
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 243.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' No kidding, they didn't exactly get off on the right foot.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 244.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Uh, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, where is the Fight Club? Can you show us the way?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 216.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm~ But it's an obvious building, grown-ups are just useless~
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 217.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Come with Hook, I'll take you over.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 245.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Thanks, o great one.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 218.ogg}} '''Hook:''' That's Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, to you! Who said you could shorten my title!?
----

;(Talk to Hook)
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 227.ogg}} '''Hook:''' There are so many people here &mdash; Hook's too short. I can't see anything...
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 228.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Wha&mdash;! When did you... D&mdash;Did you hear what Hook was saying?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not a single word.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 229.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Good. Hook didn't say anything, and you didn't hear it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not a single word about you saying you're too short.
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 230.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hehe, good. Wait a second... You did too hear everything Hook was saying!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 231.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmph, grown-up fights are less fun than ours. So what if I can't see!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 232.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You have to use your fists, palms, and even your fingers in combat! If you don't know how, you're done for! You need to train until your body is an extension of the mind... and the mind is an extension of your will.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 250.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Fists, palms, and fingers... *gasp* Rock, paper, scissors! Phew! No wonder I was confused!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Hook to the Fight Club{{subst:void|<!--101040110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|update|You've won and claimed victory in the game of hide-and-seek. You put on enough of a display of the rules of survival in the grown-ups' world to cause some emotional trauma for these kids.<br />And now, the loser will have to fulfill her duty and guide the winner to the Fight Club to find Dan Heng.<br />However, you still have no choice but to address this puny loser as the Pitch-Dark Hook the Great... You didn't take a liking to this.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 221.ogg}} '''Hook:''' We're here! This is it.
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 222.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hook's gonna go fight. See ya later!
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 mar7th 249.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Who's in charge here? How can they just let kids attack each other...?
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 223.ogg}} '''Hook:''' The Moles are in charge, that's who! ...But only of the kids. Wildfire is in charge of grown-up business.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So The Moles control this whole area?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 224.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Umm, The Moles control everything underground!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How much do you know about Wildfire?
::{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 225.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Umm, it's... The Moles for grown-ups...
:{{A|VO chapter1 2 hook 226.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ooh! They need one more player there! I&mdash;I gotta go! If you ever wanna fight, come find me!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hide-and-Seek
|zhs  = 捉迷藏
|zht  = 捉迷藏
|ja   = かくれんぼ
|ko   = 숨바꼭질
|es   = El escondite
|fr   = Cache-cache
|ru   = Игра в прятки
|th   = เกมซ่อนหา
|vi   = Trốn Tìm
|de   = Versteckspiel
|id   = Petak Umpet
|pt   = Esconde-Esconde
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
