<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lying in Rust#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1010802
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Lying in Rust.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = In the Withering Wintry Night
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lying in Rust]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bronya; Dan Heng; March 7th; Oleg; Seele; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = To Rot or to Burn
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*200; Adventure Log*5; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''Lying in Rust''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[In the Withering Wintry Night]].

==Steps==
# Meet up with companions and Oleg

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Meet up with companions and Oleg{{subst:void|<!--101080102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Boulder Town|Natasha tells you that March 7th and Dan Heng are with Oleg, the chief of Wildfire. Seems like your companions have been busy with work during your time away...<br />At least they didn't leave you behind and go play hide-and-seek or earn a little pocket money at the boxing gym this time...<br />Anyways, head out and meet up with your companions and see how their work is going.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 mar7th 201.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, they're finally back!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry for the unannounced disappearance.
::Sorry for the unannounced disappearance.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 mar7th 202.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Ha, that's nothing &mdash; the unannounced disappearance record-holder is right here!
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 201.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' And that's something to be proud of?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry, I'm completely unscathed.
::Don't worry, I'm completely unscathed.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 mar7th 203.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...Uh, I wasn't worried about you. If you must know, I was wondering if Bronya was okay.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 202.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Oh please &mdash; you've barely sat still since they left.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 201.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahaha, it's good to have everyone back together. Let me get straight to it...
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 202.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Regarding this "Stellaron" and your predicament in the Overworld, your friends have gone over both with me again.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 203.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' The last time I saw Cocolia, she was an impressive young lady... I never thought that after becoming the guardian...
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 204.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' All I can say is that I sympathize with your situation. Rest easy. Wildfire won't go behind your back on this.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 205.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Your plan sounds a bit like the ravings of a drunken miner, but at least you're offering a road forwards. We Underworlders haven't had a road to anywhere for a long time now, and you can see how things have become. I'm willing to give you guys a shot.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 mar7th 204.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Don't worry, Mr. Oleg, we'll make sure you don't regret it!
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 203.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Ravings of a drunken miner is a little harsh.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 206.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Maybe it is! But I think we need to set our sights on something a bit more realistic. You guys want to know the whereabouts of the Stellaron. Wildfire wants to remove the restrictions on the Underworld...
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 207.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' In other words, Svarog is the target of both our efforts. If we can't deal with the boss, we can't deal with anything.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're right. Let's go take him down!
:::You're right. Let's go take him down!
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 204.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Diplomacy before violence. We should try peaceful communication first.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 208.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Both your approaches have merit. We would always rather avoid losses and settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We need to find a way to bring him over to our side.
:::We need to find a way to bring him over to our side.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 seele 208.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Hmph, he wouldn't understand &mdash; you're forgetting he's a robot. It'd be faster to smash him to scrap metal!
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 209.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' We should make preparations for both approaches. Of course, it's better to settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 210.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Wildfire has tried many times to make contact with Svarog &mdash; without success. He has no intention of engaging with us.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 211.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' At our current strength, it would be incredibly dangerous to use force. Svarog's robots don't fear sacrifice, and I don't want to risk Underworld lives.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 212.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' But things have changed &mdash; your arrival constitutes an "external variable" for Svarog. I may not have the full picture, but perhaps you guys have an opportunity to sway him.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 205.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' That would be best.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 213.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahahaha! Our scheme is coming along nicely! But I fear that Svarog just isn't the swaying type. *sigh* You'll understand when you get to his territory. Things never run smoothly down here.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 214.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' What about you, Miss Silvermane? You're the only one here that isn't compelled to do or die with Svarog. I'd like to hear your plan.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 bronya 204.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' The Underworld is still a part of Belobog. If Svarog's existence constitutes a threat to the people here, I will of course stand with you.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 215.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahaha, excellent! An enlightened answer, young lady &mdash; and spoken like a true successor to the guardianship.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 216.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Seeing as we're all on the same side, there's no reason to delay. Let's go, I've arranged for a guide to take you to Svarog.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not coming?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What will Wildfire be doing?
:::You're not coming?
:::{{tx}}
::We need to find a way to bring him over to our side.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 seele 208.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Hmph, he wouldn't understand &mdash; you're forgetting he's a robot. It'd be faster to smash him to scrap metal!
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 209.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' We should make preparations for both approaches. Of course, it's better to settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 210.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Wildfire has tried many times to make contact with Svarog &mdash; without success. He has no intention of engaging with us.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 211.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' At our current strength, it would be incredibly dangerous to use force. Svarog's robots don't fear sacrifice, and I don't want to risk Underworld lives.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 212.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' But things have changed &mdash; your arrival constitutes an "external variable" for Svarog. I may not have the full picture, but perhaps you guys have an opportunity to sway him.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 205.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' That would be best.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 213.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahahaha! Our scheme is coming along nicely! But I fear that Svarog just isn't the swaying type. *sigh* You'll understand when you get to his territory. Things never run smoothly down here.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 214.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' What about you, Miss Silvermane? You're the only one here that isn't compelled to do or die with Svarog. I'd like to hear your plan.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 bronya 204.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' The Underworld is still a part of Belobog. If Svarog's existence constitutes a threat to the people here, I will of course stand with you.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 215.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahaha, excellent! An enlightened answer, young lady &mdash; and spoken like a true successor to the guardianship.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 216.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Seeing as we're all on the same side, there's no reason to delay. Let's go, I've arranged for a guide to take you to Svarog.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not coming?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What will Wildfire be doing?
::You're not coming?
::{{tx}}
:Don't worry, I'm completely unscathed.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 mar7th 203.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' ...Uh, I wasn't worried about you. If you must know, I was wondering if Bronya was okay.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 202.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Oh please &mdash; you've barely sat still since they left.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 201.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahaha, it's good to have everyone back together. Let me get straight to it...
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 202.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Regarding this "Stellaron" and your predicament in the Overworld, your friends have gone over both with me again.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 203.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' The last time I saw Cocolia, she was an impressive young lady... I never thought that after becoming the guardian...
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 204.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' All I can say is that I sympathize with your situation. Rest easy. Wildfire won't go behind your back on this.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 205.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Your plan sounds a bit like the ravings of a drunken miner, but at least you're offering a road forwards. We Underworlders haven't had a road to anywhere for a long time now, and you can see how things have become. I'm willing to give you guys a shot.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 mar7th 204.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Don't worry, Mr. Oleg, we'll make sure you don't regret it!
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 203.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Ravings of a drunken miner is a little harsh.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 206.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Maybe it is! But I think we need to set our sights on something a bit more realistic. You guys want to know the whereabouts of the Stellaron. Wildfire wants to remove the restrictions on the Underworld...
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 207.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' In other words, Svarog is the target of both our efforts. If we can't deal with the boss, we can't deal with anything.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're right. Let's go take him down!
::You're right. Let's go take him down!
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 204.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Diplomacy before violence. We should try peaceful communication first.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 208.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Both your approaches have merit. We would always rather avoid losses and settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We need to find a way to bring him over to our side.
::We need to find a way to bring him over to our side.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 seele 208.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Hmph, he wouldn't understand &mdash; you're forgetting he's a robot. It'd be faster to smash him to scrap metal!
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 209.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' We should make preparations for both approaches. Of course, it's better to settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 210.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Wildfire has tried many times to make contact with Svarog &mdash; without success. He has no intention of engaging with us.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 211.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' At our current strength, it would be incredibly dangerous to use force. Svarog's robots don't fear sacrifice, and I don't want to risk Underworld lives.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 212.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' But things have changed &mdash; your arrival constitutes an "external variable" for Svarog. I may not have the full picture, but perhaps you guys have an opportunity to sway him.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 205.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' That would be best.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 213.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahahaha! Our scheme is coming along nicely! But I fear that Svarog just isn't the swaying type. *sigh* You'll understand when you get to his territory. Things never run smoothly down here.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 214.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' What about you, Miss Silvermane? You're the only one here that isn't compelled to do or die with Svarog. I'd like to hear your plan.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 bronya 204.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' The Underworld is still a part of Belobog. If Svarog's existence constitutes a threat to the people here, I will of course stand with you.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 215.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahaha, excellent! An enlightened answer, young lady &mdash; and spoken like a true successor to the guardianship.
::{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 216.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Seeing as we're all on the same side, there's no reason to delay. Let's go, I've arranged for a guide to take you to Svarog.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not coming?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What will Wildfire be doing?
::You're not coming?
::{{tx}}
:We need to find a way to bring him over to our side.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 seele 208.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Hmph, he wouldn't understand &mdash; you're forgetting he's a robot. It'd be faster to smash him to scrap metal!
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 209.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' We should make preparations for both approaches. Of course, it's better to settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 210.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Wildfire has tried many times to make contact with Svarog &mdash; without success. He has no intention of engaging with us.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 211.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' At our current strength, it would be incredibly dangerous to use force. Svarog's robots don't fear sacrifice, and I don't want to risk Underworld lives.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 212.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' But things have changed &mdash; your arrival constitutes an "external variable" for Svarog. I may not have the full picture, but perhaps you guys have an opportunity to sway him.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 danheng 205.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' That would be best.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 213.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahahaha! Our scheme is coming along nicely! But I fear that Svarog just isn't the swaying type. *sigh* You'll understand when you get to his territory. Things never run smoothly down here.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 214.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' What about you, Miss Silvermane? You're the only one here that isn't compelled to do or die with Svarog. I'd like to hear your plan.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 bronya 204.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' The Underworld is still a part of Belobog. If Svarog's existence constitutes a threat to the people here, I will of course stand with you.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 215.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Hahaha, excellent! An enlightened answer, young lady &mdash; and spoken like a true successor to the guardianship.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 oleg 216.ogg}} '''Oleg:''' Seeing as we're all on the same side, there's no reason to delay. Let's go, I've arranged for a guide to take you to Svarog.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not coming?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What will Wildfire be doing?
:You're not coming?
:{{tx}}
:<!--8-second delay-->
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 bronya 202.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' *yawn*
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 seele 206.ogg}} '''Seele:''' Huh? Tired already?
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 bronya 203.ogg}} '''Bronya:''' Aren't you? We didn't get any rest last night.
:{{A|VO chapter1 5 seele 207.ogg}} '''Seele:''' You're gonna have to step it up, y'know. My record is six days no shut-eye.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lying in Rust
|zhs  = 躺在铁锈中
|zht  = 躺在鐵鏽中
|ja   = 錆の中に横たわる
|ko   = 쇳물에 눕힌 몸
|es   = Entre el óxido
|fr   = Au milieu de la rouille
|ru   = Лежащие среди ржавчин
|th   = เอนกายท่ามกลางสนิม
|vi   = Nằm Trong Gỉ Sắt
|de   = Im Rost liegen
|id   = Berbaring di Atas Besi Karat
|pt   = Na Ferrugem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
