{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Broadened Cognition: Mental Spices (II)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 8.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Broadened Cognition: Mental Spices (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' After the Borderstar Trade War is over, you are contemptuous of some of the things that have happened. Your identity as the *undercover* remains hidden, so you get to witness {{Color|Keyword|Telora Farnsha}} carrying out her schemes.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Guardians under Farnsha have been utilizing Planet Temptra's Psychological Manipulation skill to its fullest. Through an alluring, spice-like tone, they intricately package the ancient Outreach and Engagement Division's resistance against the inorganic lives as something else.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' At the same time, De Wayne loses his mind for some reasons unknown, and Korapao is found hanging after being deserted by his family and friends. It is said that Farnsha has placed a white flower herself by his grave.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Over time, the Guardians are gone, and others take over the center stage and become the new big shots. The *glory* strikes you as ironic, but you will play your part as an undercover well and keep waiting for the emperor to issue a divine edict.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Broadened Cognition: Mental Spices (II)
|zhs  = 认知拓宽：「精神香料」•其二
|zht  = 認知拓寬：「精神香料」•其二
|ja   = {{Rubi|認識拡張|にんしきかくちょう}}：「{{Rubi|精神|せいしん}}のスパイス」・その2
|ko   = 인지 확대: 「정신적 향신료」•2
|es   = Expansión perceptiva: especias mentales II
|fr   = Élévation de la conscience : Épices mentales (II)
|ru   = Расширение сознания: Духовные специи II
|th   = ขยายการรับรู้: "ส่วนผสมแห่งจิตใจ" (2)
|vi   = Mở Rộng Tri Thức: Hương Liệu Tinh Thần 2
|de   = Kognitive Erweiterung: Geistiges Gewürz (II)
|id   = Ekspansi Kognitif: "Bumbu Mental" (2)
|pt   = Expansão Cognitiva: Temperos Metálicos (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
