{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Supreme Organic: Sanguine Condolences (II)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 12.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Nous
}}
'''Supreme Organic: Sanguine Condolences (II)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' When you encounter her once more, she looks at you with an expressionless face. She has just gathered her hair into a bun, and her earrings sway in the midst of the gunfire. Without a word, she waves at you. You follow her candy-colored skirt through the battlefield, and eventually, you arrive at the base of a clock tower.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Nous's calculations are unquestionable. When that moment comes, everyone must die," she announces nonchalantly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I think you've killed me before.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It's true... Yet, you woke up the next day. Through killings, she grants an end to life or a rebirth.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I have to kill it &mdash; Rubert." She runs her finger over the tip of the blade and says with composure, "The moment for its dinner party is over, and the moment of its death is here."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I tried killing you. Many, many times." She continues, "Before that moment arrives, you are unkillable, but when the moment is here, you have to die &mdash; That, is the moment calculated by [[Nous]]."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I don't know you.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It's true... You have forgotten everything in the past.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I have to kill it &mdash; Rubert." She runs her finger over the tip of the blade and says with composure, "The moment for its dinner party is over, and the moment of its death is here."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I tried killing you. Many, many times." She continues, "Before that moment arrives, you are unkillable, but when the moment is here, you have to die &mdash; That, is the moment calculated by Nous."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Supreme Organic: Sanguine Condolences (II)
|zhs  = 极致有机：「血色吊唁」•其二
|zht  = 極致有機：「血色弔唁」•其二
|ja   = {{Rubi|有機|ゆうき}}の{{Rubi|極致|きょくち}}：「{{Rubi|血色|ちいろ}}の{{Rubi|弔|とむら}}い」・その2
|ko   = 궁극의 유기: 「핏빛 조의」•2
|es   = Orgánico supremo: condolencias rojizas II
|fr   = Suprématie organique&nbsp;: Condoléances écarlates (II)
|ru   = Высший органик: Багровые соболезнования II
|th   = อินทรีย์ขั้นสุด: "การไว้อาลัยสีโลหิต" (2)
|vi   = Hữu Cơ Tối Cao: Lời Chia Buồn Đẫm Máu 2
|de   = Organische Höchststufe: Blutrotes Beileid (II)
|id   = Organik Maksimal: "Penghormatan Merah Darah" (2)
|pt   = Orgânico Supremo: Condolências Sanguíneas (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
