<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#(Recording) A Fool's Play: Calamity's Wrath Seeks Olden Clash, Fool's Blade Rends Divine Flesh#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 133
|partIds      = 190279
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A book of music and lyrics about Fool's Play. It was converted from a tape.
|part1        = (Recording) A Fool's Play: Calamity's Wrath Seeks Olden Clash, Fool's Blade Rends Divine Flesh
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Nanook
|factions     = Antimatter Legion
}}
'''(Recording) A Fool's Play: Calamity's Wrath Seeks Olden Clash, Fool's Blade Rends Divine Flesh''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">''*The recording tape is embedded in a spotless playback device. It is evident that the researchers have been diligently cleaning it.''<br />
''Push the playback button, and the sound of magnetic tape idling can be heard in the deep silence.''<br />
''Suddenly, the storyteller's gavel strikes and the folding fan whooshes as a singsong-like narration swells from afar.*''</div>

In the elden realm, the sun fleets and the moon creeps, and naught survives where the divine penalty sweeps.<br />
Alone, the divine light I shall sunder, and pierce the empyreal eclipse.

In this eve, this is a tale I ought to impart: Calamity's Wrath Seeks Olden Clash, Fool's Blade Rends Divine Flesh

Those of you here must know that among this cosmos of thousand stars,<br />
there are Aeons who care not the world and hide amongst THEIR lands of peace,<br />
and the seven who inspire THEIR foolish followers.<br />
In the mumbling prayers of these followers, the name of Destruction is often heard.<br />
Hark! The divine power of unraveling skies and ravaged earth the word contains must lead the followers who dwell in violence.<br />
As if an insect swarm or the eclipse of the sun, this is the legion at which the cosmos recoil upon hearing,<br />
the personification of destruction &mdash; the Ruin Author.<br />
''Someone exclaimed, "Ruin Author, what is that?"''<br />
''Another replied softly, "Is it a code word? It feels related to the legion.''<br />
''Someone else answered, "Mr. Storyteller is from Xianzhou, it must be their slang word for&mdash;''<br />
Of course, in most worlds, THEY are also called Nanook.

It is said that this legion uses black holes as their furnace, Yin and Yang energies as their coal, and everything else as their copper.<br />
Under the command of Ruin Author and Their follower, the Monarch of Extinction, the legion seeks purification of dead, cold stars.<br />
From whence do they come? The answer is Cosmic Flood.<br />
For what purpose do they act? We do not know.<br />
I lament, for the Ruin Author's might is insurmountable and forceful of strength;<br />
I anger, for all against them seek also to fulfill their own selfish agenda.

Against the cosmic forces that couldn't hold a candle to them, the Supreme Executioner finally recalled<br />
THEIR home world where it was ruled by unjust power...<br />
THEY assembled a force of myriad Voidrangers to demand an answer from THEIR past.<br />
Unfortunately, THEY were met with a surnameless fool guarding the portal.<br />
Wielding a rapier with an extraordinary power, the fool dodged most skillfully<br />
like a slippery fish in a pond or a flash of a falling star.<br />
The Ruin Author did battle with the fool for seven days and seven nights,<br />
and eventually golden ichor seeped out of THEIR divine body.<br />
This is the origin of that unhealed wound.<br />
''Off-stage, someone yelled, "For real!? This is just something to fool the new people, isn't it?"''<br />
''A Security Department staff member stopped him. "Be quiet and let Mr. Storyteller finish!"''

In an instant, space and time reversed, and the stars lost their shine,<br />
for the Ruin Author shifted away with his injury and his legion scattered.<br />
How could observers from the rest of the cosmos just sit and watch the spectacle?<br />
They regarded the golden ichor as the ultimate object of desire.<br />
Some seek to steal it for making ichor-infused mead.<br />
Other seek to destroy it to weaken the legion's might.<br />
''Yet another commented loudly, "That's right, exactly! I have heard this! It is rumored in a tavern somewhere in this cosmos that serves this mead on its menu, what was it called..."''<br />
''A reply came, "Bloody Mary?"''<br />
''That garnered a response. "Tsk, lame."''<br />
''That person replied again, "It's called the Ruination Filament!"''<br />
''The response, "Whoa~ that's cool!"''

At one point,<br />
an uproar followed the incident,<br />
the ignorant left, snickering, and all returned to their busy lives.<br />
Among those who managed a share of the golden ichor,<br />
one hailed from this space station, our very own Nightfarer.<br />
His return caused many staff members to congratulate and revere him, but after pleasantries were made,<br />
his character changed. A terrible trouble is brewing...<br />
And for the next part of the story, come back next time!<br />
''A commotion broke out in the hall.''<br />
''"&mdash;That's it!? That's not enough!"''<br />
''"&mdash;Not going to connect to the invasion of the Antimatter Legion, are you? The whole time, this is a modern fantasy?"''<br />
''"&mdash;Shut up and pay Mr. Storyteller, come on, continue!"''<br />
''"&mdash;Continue what exactly? This is total hogwash with a strong opening and getting worse after each beat. I'm leaving!"''

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = (Recording) A Fool's Play: Calamity's Wrath Seeks Olden Clash, Fool's Blade Rends Divine Flesh
|zhs  = 【录音带】愚人戏：祸祖砺兵寻旧恨，愚人挥剑斩金身
|zht  = 【錄音帶】愚人戲：禍祖礪兵尋舊恨，愚人揮劍斬金身
|ja   = 【録音テープ】風刺劇：禍祖は昔日の恨みを負い、愚者は剣を振るい金身を斬る
|ko   = [녹음테이프] 풍자극: 재앙신은 해묵은 원한을 갚기 위해 분쟁을 준비하고, 어리석은 자는 신을 향해 칼을 휘두른다.
|es   = [Grabación] Obra teatral: El progenitor de las calamidades se prepara para saldar viejas deudas y el tonto corta el cuerpo divino con una espada
|fr   = (Enregistrement) Un jeu de dupes&nbsp;: La colère de la calamité se prépare à régler de vieilles rancunes, tandis que l'épée du fou tranche la chair divine
|ru   = (Запись) Пьеса о Дураке: Зачинщик бед на врага наступает, а Дурачок желает истукана обезглавить
|th   = [เทปบันทึก] ละครเสียดสี: ต้นกำเนิดแห่งภัยพิบัติเตรียมการเพื่อสะสางความแค้นในอดีต ผู้โง่เขลาฟาดดาบไปยังร่างสีทอง
|vi   = Băng Ghi Âm Phim Kẻ Ngốc: Mài Gươm Phục Thù, Kẻ Ngốc Chém Đôi Thân Vàng Ngọc.
|de   = (Aufzeichnung) Ein Narrenspiel: Der Schöpfer der Kalamität bereitet sich auf einen Konflikt vor und der Narr erschlägt den göttlichen Körper mit einem Schwert
|id   = (Rekaman) Drama Orang Bodoh: Kemarahan Leluhur untuk Mengejar Dendam Lama, Pedang si Bodoh Para Hancurkan Tubuh Ilahi
|pt   = (Gravação) Um Jogo de Tolos: A Ira da Calamidade Busca Embates Antigos, a Lâmina do Tolo Dilacera a Carne Divina
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}