<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Asta and Business Elite Correspondence Records#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 084
|partIds      = 190208
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal Page.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A copy of Asta's email correspondence with the "business elite" who created "Universe's High Energy Metafield Space."
|part1        = Asta and Business Elite Correspondence Records
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Asta and Business Elite Correspondence Records''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
''<div align="center">*The printed email, with Asta's signature at the bottom and a handwritten note that reads, "Notify the Information Division of the Security Department."*</div>''

Read Email<br />To: Asta@HertaSpaceStation<br />From: Ryan@CosmosEnergyUnlimited<br />Email Content:

Dear Miss Asta, the most ambitious, visionary, and promising entrepreneur:

Greetings and good evening. Earlier this year, I had the pleasure of meeting you and introducing myself to you at a charity event hosted by your family. But I know that a fine lady like you, who comes from a noble family and is well-educated and intelligent, would not care about such trivial matters.

I'd like to introduce myself once again. Oh, I genuinely hope you're the most brilliant lady, as the rumor has it.

I am Ryan, the founder of the Cosmic Association of Entrepreneurs, as well as the chairman of the Cosmos Energy Unlimited Group, and the founder of the Universe High Energy Metafield Space. Throughout the last ten years of hard effort, I was lucky to get long-distance counsel from an anonymous member of the "Genius Society" in my sleep, and when I awoke from my dream, I successfully created the Universe High Energy Metafield Space. I once submitted a business proposal to your group concerning the Metafield Space, but your offer did not meet the value I expected, and I passed up an excellent opportunity to work with you.

However, I am the founder of the Association of Entrepreneurs, and several of our keen members have informed me of your email address via our extensive network. You are, in my opinion, the most gifted heir of the great families in the last few centuries. Furthermore, I am aware of your family's involvement in IPC. As a result, I'd like to invite you to join me in starting a business. Only a young prodigy of noble lineage and great potential, such as yourself, can realize how my incredible invention, the Universe High Energy Metafield Space, will certainly add the most dazzling touch to your legendary career.

(The business proposal is in the attachment, and the price I am willing to accept is as follows: You provide the investment, I take 60% of the shares, and you take 40%. This is an incredible opportunity!)<br /><div align="right">Ryan</div>

Sent Email<br />To: Ryan@CosmosEnergyUnlimited<br />From: Asta@HertaSpaceStation<br />CC: Nina@IPCDataSecurityDepartment<br />Email Content:

After years of research, I discovered something new in the universe that no one else had observed: The universe contains a high-speed particle known as the scammer particle.

Scammer particles rotate at high speeds around normal organisms, forming the foundation of the metafield's elemental matter. Under constant external high-energy conceptual stimulation, the scammer particles leap to the high-energy state and then return to the low-energy state after a brief period of time, accumulating credits from the outside world.

However, there is another type of anti-particle among the stars, surrounded by a swarm of scammers. The anti-scammer particle will eventually explode and discharge its own energy, stripping the scammer particle of its positive valence form and causing it to disintegrate.

This antiparticle was discovered by me. You're a moron for trying to scam me.

<div align="right">Founder of the Anti-Scammer Particle Theory &mdash; Asta</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Asta and Business Elite Correspondence Records
|zhs  = 艾丝妲与「商业精英」的往来邮件副本
|zht  = 艾絲妲與「商業菁英」的往來郵件副本
|ja   = アスターと「ビジネスエリート」のやり取りメールの副本
|ko   = 아스타와 「비즈니스 엘리트」가 주고받은 메일 사본
|es   = Copia de la correspondencia entre Asta y la "élite empresarial"
|fr   = Historique de correspondance commerciale d'élite d'Asta
|ru   = Копия переписки Асты и торговой элиты
|th   = สำเนาจดหมายโต้ตอบกันระหว่าง Asta และ "Business Elite"
|vi   = Bản Sao Thư Từ Qua Lại Giữa Asta Và "Doanh Nhân Ưu Tú"
|de   = Kopie der Korrespondenz zwischen Asta und der Geschäftselite
|id   = Catatan Korespondensi Asta dengan "Business Elite"
|pt   = Registros de Correspondência do Comércio de Elite e de Asta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}