<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Attack Records of the Obstacle Detection Terminal#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 140
|partIds      = 190286
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = During the attack of Antimatter Legion, the Herta Space Station Obstacle Detection Terminal recorded an error log. After the attack was over, researcher Abraham secretly left his notes here.
|part1        = Attack Records of the Obstacle Detection Terminal
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Attack Records of the Obstacle Detection Terminal''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">''*All previous attacks on the space station are recorded here*''</div>

Attack Records:

Record 000237: Ionization grid on the emergency pod exterior was scratched by debris. Repairs are done automatically by the system. Feedback unnecessary.<br />Record 000238: Anomalous wave bands detected on radar scans along patrol route 18, subsistence zone. Handed over to Security Department.<br />Record 000238 Feedback: Security Department confirmed that the wave band is normal and determined the irregularity is due to Curio experimentation.<br />Record 000241: Base zone &mdash; Security and protection balance chamber &mdash; Irregular ventilator operation with airflow speed reaching 140% of the preset value. Handed over to Security Department.<br />Record 000241 Feedback: Base zone &mdash; Security and protection balance chamber &mdash; Ventilator stability suboptimal, paused operation.<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Abraham: The design of this ventilator is the downfall of the entire space station. It blows excessively in front of regular staff members and the air became soft again in front of the others!''}}<br />Record 000243: Anomalous wave band detected on radar scans along patrol route 42, base zone. Handed over to Security Department.<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Abraham: Catastrophe. It's the start of the catastrophe. Number 42 is synonymous with disasters. If we had turned on the repulsion bridge back then, would we have lost so many lives? Wait, what am I doing? Am I hypothesizing or am I dreaming?''}}<br />Record 000244: Anomalous wave band detected on radar scans along patrol route 19, storage zone. Handed over to Security Department.<br />Record 000245: Anomalous wave band detected on the master control zone's radar scans along patrol route 2, storage zone. Handed over to Security Department. Changed priority to "High."<br />Record 000246: Warning! The ionization grid on the base zone section 13 exterior is under attack by unknown forces. Automatic repairs are unavailable.<br />Record 000247: Warning! The ionization grid on the base zone section 1 exterior has been nullified. Automatic repairs are unavailable. The system has automatically sent the repulsion bridge pre-opening mail.<br />Record 000243 Feedback: Security Department arrived at the base zone.<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Abraham: The young 'uns must be thinking this is a small firewall error! Who would imagine a locust plague like this? Agh! Number 243 is the end of their lives but the beginning of disaster...''}}<br />Record 000248: Warning! An external force is attempting to disable the firewall! System defense level increased to "preparing for incoming attack."<br />Record 000249: Warning! The Base zone is currently under attack from unknown external forces. The alloy door of the space elevator has been twisted.<br />Record 000250: Full defense mode engaged. All staff members are urged to seek shelter.<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Abraham: The coordination of the lead researcher is outstanding. She is really trying to control the negative effects this disaster is having on us. However, I sometimes fantasize that I was one of those who were unable to get to safety. I might have died under the trampling footsteps of those beasts. If that had happened, would anyone remember me?''}}<br />...<br />Record 135298: Base zone &mdash; Experimentation room 72 exterior. Collapsed walkway.<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Abraham: Collapsed walkway, two simple words.''}}<br />Record 135299: Base zone &mdash; Collection cataloging room 98. Energy supply disconnected externally. Engaging backup energy supply.<br />...<br />Record 142854: Antimatter Legion attack wave 7 &mdash; Storage zone walkway power supply fully disconnected. Some rooms are closed off due to short-circuiting.<br />Record 142855: Antimatter Legion attack wave 7 &mdash; Base zone space elevator damaged. Explosion at the entrance.<br />Record 142856: Antimatter Legion attack wave 7 &mdash; Fire in base zone waste disposal room 24. No signs of life detected. Fire extinguishing protocol engaged.<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Abraham: Record 142857 must come after Record 142856. Each ticking of the Obstacle Detection Terminal signifies the end of several lives. Maybe the next one is me? But how long will that take?''}}<br />{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Wen Mingde: Input command &mdash; Suspend Abraham's access to the attack records of the Obstacle Detection Terminal.''}}

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Attack Records of the Obstacle Detection Terminal
|zhs  = 障碍判别终端的攻击记录
|zht  = 障礙判別終端機的攻擊紀錄
|ja   = バリア識別端末の攻撃記録
|ko   = 장애물 판별 장치의 공격 기록
|es   = Registro de ataques de la terminal de detección de obstáculos
|fr   = Historique des attaques du terminal de détection d'obstacles
|ru   = Регистрация атак на терминал обнаружения препятствий
|th   = บันทึกการโจมตีของเทอร์มินัลจำแนกสิ่งกีดขวาง
|vi   = Nhật Ký Tấn Công Thiết Bị Đầu Cuối Phát Hiện Chướng Ngại Vật
|de   = Angriffsprotokoll des Terminals für Hinderniserkennung
|id   = Catatan Serangan dari Terminal Deteksi Rintangan
|pt   = Registros de Ataque do Terminal de Detecção de Obstáculos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}