<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Comet Hunter's Treasure#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 042
|partIds      = 190153;190154;190155;190156
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal Page.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 4
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Comet Hunter Hosea Lazaro's treasure, a prank that has been advertised in advance.
|part1        = Comet Hunter's Treasure (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = Comet Hunter's Treasure (II)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = Comet Hunter's Treasure (III)
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = Comet Hunter's Treasure (IV)
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Comet Hunter's Treasure''' is a 4-part [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===Comet Hunter's Treasure (I)===
To Treasure Hunters: (I)

Ha! You are fooled!<br />There is no "treasure" at all.<br />The only reward is the four scrawls by me hidden in this room. You must have recognized it. Yes, there's lord Herta's handwriting as well. Surprise, eh?<br />If you are a junior who worries all day to impress your boss, take a deep breath! No good if you have a heart attack now.<br />If you are one of those playful young fellows, I'd suggest you take them, go back to them when you find life miserable and have a good laugh when you are not busy doing your research in a dark corner of the tower.

<div align="right">Laughing Hosea Lazaro</div>

===Comet Hunter's Treasure (II)===
To Treasure Hunters: (II)

Right, if you are reading this, you've probably listened to me. That means you always follow through with what you started.<br />I have to admit, it would hurt my reputation had I asked you to go through so much trouble just for nothing.<br />After all, I can't foresee to whom this letter will go so many Amber Eras later.<br />There is a chance, however unlikely it may be, that you are a future defender of my reputation, someone worthy of my legacy.<br />Wouldn't want to accidentally put you under friendly fire, would I?<br />Hm, so be it. It's time that I bring forward the real treasure.

<div align="right">Your Respected Hosea Lazaro</div>

===Comet Hunter's Treasure (III)===
To Treasure Hunters: (III)

Have you tried a type of soda named "Kapo-Kali"?<br />It was once the signature of the space station, extremely popular in the Southern Orion system.<br />Sorry to brag, but I'm indeed the creator of the famous Astro Rod and Cosmos Guide.<br />And undoubtedly, "Kapo-Kali" is also my creation.<br />The IPC offered me five million credits for the recipe and I turned them down.<br />Wen Huairen from the Herta Department of Implement Arts attempted (and failed) to steal it 33 times, all resulting in him getting a good smack from me.<br />I will now make the recipe public...<br />Five million's worth! See you in the next letter.

<div align="right">Legendary Drink-Maker Hosea Lazaro</div>

===Comet Hunter's Treasure (IV)===
To Treasure Hunters: (IV)

████████████████████████████████<br />████████████████████████████████<br />████████████████████████████████

Yes, you are seeing it right. Above is the secret recipe of Kapo-Kali.<br />I swear on my Mom's life that it's authentic.<br />If you are one of us, you'll know how to decrypt it.<br />Got a tip for you: A specific method of autoradiography is required to reveal the text.

<div align="right">Hosea Lazaro the Terrific</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Comet Hunter's Treasure
|zhs  = 猎彗人宝藏
|zht  = 獵彗人寶藏
|ja   = コメットハンター秘蔵の宝物
|ko   = 코멧 헌터의 보물
|es   = El tesoro del cazador de cometas
|fr   = Trésor du chasseur de comètes
|ru   = Сокровища Охотника за кометами
|th   = สมบัตินักล่าดาวหาง
|vi   = Kho Báu Thợ Săn Sao Chổi
|de   = Schatz des Kometenjägers
|id   = Harta Karun Pemburu Komet
|pt   = Tesouro do Caça-cometas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}