<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Department of Ecology's Plant Cultivation Program#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 285
|partIds      = 190535
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal Page.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A list that contains the plants to be cultivated by the Department of Ecology.
|part1        = Department of Ecology's Plant Cultivation Program
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Department of Ecology's Plant Cultivation Program''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
The next batch of rare plants to be cultivated has been sent from all over the cosmos and is expected to arrive at the space station next month. After this plant rotation, the soil and water sources will be thoroughly replaced and sterilized. Please store the seeds properly for future use.

Cultivation Objective: To detect the effect of space radiation on the mutation of plants and explore new plant grafting and hybridization methods.<br />
Cultivation Method: Scepter of Sacrifice and Dreambreak require special care and companionship, while others can be grown conventionally in soil.

<div align="center"> &mdash; Introduction to the Plants in This Issue &mdash; </div><br />Bucanry<br />
The mop-shaped flowers emit a strong and persistent stinky odor. Once you get used to it, your sense of smell will be distorted, and the odor will make you feel happy. There have been cases of Elation believers turning into human bioweapons due to the excessive cultivation of bucanry flowers. Now, private cultivation of bucanry has been banned due to air pollution concerns.

Dreambreak<br />
A slow-growing giant plant that is said to be able to summon spirits of the dead to dwell beneath its leaves. Those who can afford it plant it next to the grave of a loved one. Then, they will sleep underneath the plant to meet with the deceased. In fact, the pheromones released from the plant could trigger specific dreams. Further research is necessary.

Scepter of Sacrifice<br />
The shape of this plant resembles a scepter, and its petals are an important item needed for a long-lost ancient divination. Only three petals can be picked at one time. If you pick more than that, the plant will remember your scent. The next time you approach it, it will scream and beat you up with its tip.

Island duskshroom<br />
A mushroom with rich and intricate colors and is covered in stripes. For some reason, it always gives off a gloomy and despondent aura that can make you feel uncontrollably dizzy when you come near it, as though you are free-falling. Anyone who consumes it will be able to keep secrets.

Checkfruit<br />
It can bear fruits that sparkle like ice crystals. The fruit will absorb heat before it ripens, resulting in a rapid dip in its surrounding temperature. If two people consume the fruit simultaneously, their consciousnesses will be linked.

<div align="center"> &mdash; Warning &mdash; </div><br />1. Please keep the Scepter of Sacrifice sealed in the thickest incubator possible, or its screams will be heard throughout the entire space station.<br />
2. Don't follow the faint glow emitted by island duskshrooms in darkness. It will lead you to death.<br />
3. Don't touch the checkfruits. Your consciousness could be devoured by another person &mdash; who might be a total stranger &mdash; who has also eaten the fruit.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Department of Ecology's Plant Cultivation Program
|zhs  = 界种科的植物培育计划表
|zht  = 界種科的植物培育計畫表
|ja   = 界種課の植物栽培計画表
|ko   = 생태과의 식물 육성 계획표
|es   = Programa de cultivo de plantas del Departamento de Ecología
|fr   = Plan de culture du Département de l'écologie
|ru   = План культивации растений Отдела экологии
|th   = ตารางแผนเพาะเลี้ยงพืช ของแผนกนิเวศวิทยา
|vi   = Bản kế hoạch nuôi dưỡng cây trồng của Khoa Giống Loài
|de   = Kultivierungsplan der Abteilung für Ökologie
|id   = Program Budi Daya Tanaman Departemen Ekologi
|pt   = Programa de Cultivo de Plantas do Departamento de Ecologia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}