<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dr. Ratio's Note#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 289
|partIds      = 190539;190540;190541;190542
|title        = 
|image        = Item Electronic Notice.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 4
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = Dr. Ratio's feedback during his "visit" to the space station. His words show his sincerity.
|part1        = (I)
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part2        = (II)
|source2      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part3        = (III)
|source3      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|part4        = (IV)
|source4      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Skaracabaz
|factions     = Intelligentsia Guild; Technology Department
}}
'''Dr. Ratio's Note''' is a 4-part [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
===(I)===
<div align="center">About Snacks</div><br />The snacks are crawling around everywhere.<br />
All the space station researchers should be fired. I've never seen a lab as messy as this...<br />
Or are these snacks running the lab? This is rude and unacceptable.

===(II)===
<div align="center">About Skaracabaz</div>

It's always go big or go home for these geniuses. The Technology Department will never be able to come up with such a nonsensical research method.<br />
If you see this note, I wish you luck. I would turn around right now if I were you.

===(III)===
In the Intelligentsia Guild, there are often mediocre scholars who are ambitious to make it big. They don't understand that the truth is dangerous, and a fool's imprudent pursuit of knowledge will only bring disaster upon themselves.<br />
I didn't see any clumsy fools when I was walking around just now.<br />
I've finally discovered one virtue of this lab.

===(IV)===
<div align="center">About the greenhouse</div><br />The dust and particles are suffocating... I can't believe there's not even a decontamination unit around here!

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dr. Ratio's Note
|zhs  = 真理医生的留言便条
|zht  = 真理醫生的留言字條
|ja   = Dr.レイシオの伝言のメモ
|ko   = Dr. 레이시오가 남긴 메모
|es   = Nota del Dr. Ratio
|fr   = Commentaires de Dr Ratio
|ru   = Заметки доктора Рацио
|th   = โน้ตของ Dr. Ratio
|vi   = Mẩu Giấy Nhắn Của Dr. Ratio
|de   = Dr. Wahrheits Notiz
|id   = Catatan Memo Dr. Ratio
|pt   = Anotação do Dr. Ratio
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}