<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Face of Fourteen Illusions#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 280
|partIds      = 190530
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal Page.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A confession letter from an anonymous Knight of the Beauty.
|part1        = Face of Fourteen Illusions
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Face of Fourteen Illusions''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Face of Fourteen Illusions</div><br /><div align="center">Abandoned Confession of a Knight of Beauty</div>

<div align="center">If my mind had not been clouded by the evil hand of fate,</div><br /><div align="center">I would have perceived all the allure of the senses and the yearnings of the spirit.</div><br /><div align="center">I perceive that your words and actions make you truly exist,</div><br /><div align="center">Your countenance and blade flowing with blood and passion unseen by the world.</div><br /><div align="center">I admire all the grace bestowed upon your noble nature,</div><br /><div align="center">Hidden in the darkness of the armor but deeper than the heart.</div><br /><div align="center">Perhaps yearning to see you, I caught a glimpse in visions,</div><br /><div align="center">Burning with rigorous penance to elevate your nobility.</div><br /><div align="center">Blind loyalty would reclaim you from all lands and kingdoms.</div><br /><div align="center">Fearlessness veils our shy eyes more than any shroud.</div><br /><div align="center">Our Commandments of Sonnet test our resolve like the breath of a louse.</div><br /><div align="center">How I wish you could know my devoutness.</div><br /><div align="center">How I wish you could know my longing.</div><br /><div align="center">How I wish you could know my fervor.</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Face of Fourteen Illusions
|zhs  = 十四种幻觉的面庞
|zht  = 十四種幻覺的面龐
|ja   = 十四種類の幻覚の顔
|ko   = 14가지 환각의 얼굴
|es   = Rostro de las catorce ilusiones
|fr   = Le visage aux quatorze illusions
|ru   = Лик четырнадцати иллюзий
|th   = ใบหน้าลวงตาทั้ง 14 ชนิด
|vi   = Bộ Mặt 14 Loại Ảo Giác
|de   = Gesicht der Vierzehn Illusionen
|id   = Wajah dari 14 Ilusi
|pt   = Face das Quatorze Ilusões
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}