<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fragments of Herta Research Atlas Volume 7: Traffic#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 050
|partIds      = 190162
|title        = Fragments of ''Herta Research Atlas Volume 7: Traffic''
|image        = Item Journal Page.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = This codex records all the transportation-type Curios in the station.
|part1        = Fragments of ''Herta Research Atlas Volume 7: Traffic''
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Fragments of ''Herta Research Atlas Volume 7: Traffic''''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="right">Herta Research Atlas Volume 7: Traffic</div>

<br />Item Number: Transport-01483<br />Collection Date: 2156 AE<br />Purchase Price: 2,130,000 Credits<br />Market Value: 1,842,000 Credits<br />Handler: Wen Huairen

Serial 01483 Cosmic Emergency Rug

A beige and brown Bohemian-style rug. Places where woolen tassels should have been are now replaced by small golden stellar rings that oscillate up and down at the same angle both ways.

It will automatically adjust its size within a set range based on the weight of the item it is applied to. It is the most common space survival equipment on spacecrafts.

It successfully transported and saved hundreds of passengers in the first large-scale space transportation accident caused by the traffic event brought upon by the Stellaron.

Item Number: Transport-01484<br />Collection Date: 2156 AE<br />Purchase Price: 180,000 Credits<br />Market Value: 560,000 Credits<br />Handler: Wen Huairen

Serial 01484 Compound Eyes

A hideous goggle covered with compound eyes like soup bubbles. The user will see 36 different perspectives that together give a 360-degree full view.

It is said that this is a daily necessity for crew members conducting warp jumps and hyperspace jumps.

In the first traffic jam event caused by the Stellaron, jump ship pilot Bescot Wagner was able to avoid collision with 14 other simultaneously jumping ships due to wearing a compound eye.

Item Number: Transport-01485<br />Collection Date: 2157 AE<br />Purchase Price: 37,000 Credits<br />Market Value: 41,000 Credits<br />Handler: Wen Mingde

Serial 01485 Beacon Coloring Paste

Next to the resplendent colors floating in the void lies a flat tin tube of about 32 cm in length and 3 cm in diameter. The tube is filled with dark gold gel, which absorbs all known colors and turns into that specific shade in the end.

This is a commonly seen emergency item the Nameless carries. Whether in the void of the cosmos or on the ocean of a planet, the Beacon Coloring Paste will always release a line of brilliant colors on the cosmic darkness or on an ocean. It will also adjust its own color contrast and saturation based on the light source and shade of its surroundings.

The bright, visually stimulating colors of the Beacon Coloring Paste allow the Galactic Rescue to easily spot signs written with it. It was invented by a Nameless who possessed great artistic abilities. This Nameless once experienced a flight incident and was trapped in a barren and desolate star system. In the end, with the use of scraps from a White Star fragment, he was able to produce the most magnificent item in the history of search and rescue &mdash; the Beacon Coloring Paste.

There are also cosmic bandits who use the Beacon Coloring Paste to leave graffiti packed with profanity everywhere in the universe out of ill intentions, a rebellious nature, or an inflated ego.

<br /><div align="center">P17071</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fragments of ''Herta Research Atlas Volume 7: Traffic''
|zhs  = 《黑塔研究图鉴•第七卷•交通》残页
|zht  = 《黑塔研究圖鑑•第七卷•交通》殘頁
|ja   = 『ヘルタ研究図鑑・第七巻・交通』残巻
|ko   = ≪헤르타 연구 도감•7권•교통≫의 찢어진 페이지
|es   = Páginas incompletas del «Atlas de investigación de Herta, volumen 7: transporte»
|fr   = Fragments de l&ast;''Atlas de recherche de Herta, Volume 7&nbsp;: Transport''
|ru   = Справочник исследований Герты. Том VII. Средства перемещения (отрывок)
|th   = เศษหน้ากระดาษจาก "หนังสือภาพการวิจัยของ Herta เล่มที่ 7: การจราจร"
|vi   = Trang "Sổ Tay Nghiên Cứu Herta-Quyển 7-Giao Thông"
|de   = Unvollständige Seiten von „Hertas Forschungsatlas, Band 7: Verkehr“
|id   = Potongan Lembaran "Atlas Penelitian Herta Volume 7: Lalu Lintas"
|pt   = Fragmentos do "Atlas de Pesquisa da Herta, Volume 7: Trânsito"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}