<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#"Home-Use Object Finder" After-Sales Feedback Form#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 131
|partIds      = 190277
|title        = 
|image        = Item Electronic Notice.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = An after-sales feedback form sent from the manufacturer of the Home-Use Object Finder to Asta. It somehow fell into the hands of the wrong person.
|part1        = "Home-Use Object Finder" After-Sales Feedback Form
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''"Home-Use Object Finder" After-Sales Feedback Form''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Dear Lifetime Premium Member Asta,<br />Thank you for your purchase at Cosmo Premium!<br />The delivery status of your order 1659851********** has been updated. The delivery has been reported as missing and will not be delivered to the delivery address within the specified time.

Your order has been reshipped. However, due to disturbances from the Antimatter Legion, the expected delivery time will be delayed a week and is expected to be delivered to you within 15 business days.

If you require a change in delivery address or a refund, please contact Customer Service at Assistant No. 10000.

Check your orders at Cosmo Premium &mdash; My Orders &mdash; Order Information. Feel free to check on your order status at any time!

Interastral Peace Appliances do better at strengthening management and risk control, improving service quality, and providing you with first-class service. We apologize for the negative experience you have encountered.

Appendix:<br />Order Information for your confirmation:<br />[Order No.: 1659851**********]<br />[Delivery Address: Herta Space Station, coordinates *****, *****]<br />[Receiver Name: Asta]

This order contains 1 type of merchandise in 10 packages. The full list of goods delivered is as follows:<br />1. Home-Use Object Finder Richard-series "Richie" - Version 17.93 - Custom model - Annual Collector's Edition with charging dock - 10&times;10 units

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = "Home-Use Object Finder" After-Sales Feedback Form
|zhs  = 「家用寻物仪」售后回复函
|zht  = 「家用尋物儀」售後回函
|ja   = 「ホーム用探索器」アフターセールスの返信
|ko   = 「가정용 탐지기」 A/S 신청서
|es   = Formulario de comentarios posventa del buscador doméstico de objetos
|fr   = Questionnaire de satisfaction client à propos du détecteur d'objets à usage domestique
|ru   = Форма обратной связи для поисковика объектов для дома
|th   = แบบฟอร์มคำติชมหลังการขาย "อุปกรณ์หาของใช้ในบ้าน"
|vi   = Thư Phản Hồi Sau Khi Bán "Máy Tìm Đồ Gia Dụng"
|de   = „Objektfinder für den Hausgebrauch“ – Feedbackformular nach dem Verkauf
|id   = Formulir Umpan Balik Purna Jual "Home-Use Object Finder"
|pt   = Formulário de Avaliação Pós-Venda do "Localizador de Objetos Doméstico"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}