<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Species of the Galaxy: Tottonid#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 132
|partIds      = 190278
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A research file about the inorganic organism Tottonid. It is saved in the Department of Ecology.
|part1        = Species of the Galaxy: Tottonid
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''Species of the Galaxy: Tottonid''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
Galactic Species Serial Number: Inorganic #27

Species Name: Tottonid

Cosmic Nicknames: Electric Giant, Glowing Star Polyhedron, Respiring Boulder

Category: Kingdom Inorganic Organism - Class Silica - Order Monotectoid - Family Petragigas

Research Summary:

The home world of the Tottonids is a planet plagued by catastrophic storms.<br />
It was said that tornadoes that pass through will destroy everything in its path, leaving only the strongest and most resilient lives.

This species appears as a translucent crystal with an internal logic center called a thought monotectic. Two individuals of this species would communicate with each other by emitting electric signals through this organ.<br />
Their language, psyche, and history are unknown to the cosmos.

In the era of the Mecha Wars, Tottonids were loyal sidekicks to the Mechas.<br />
After their defeat, the Tottonids were eradicated by organic creatures and became extinct.<br />
Tottonids turn into mineral ores after their passing, and their past disease develop into splashes of colors within their bodies.<br />
The Totton planet thus became a cavernous rocky planet blighted with storms.

When the fires of war cleared, only a royal crown, which embodied the history of its monarchy, was left behind in the silent winds.

Related Curio:

''Unbearable Weight''

A Curio kept within the confines of the space station, appearing as a crystal-encrusted crown.<br />
It is actually the imperial crown from the silicon-based lifeforms of the Totton planet, a living fossil of the monarchy's history.

According to rumors, each deceased Tottonid emperor will have their logic center<br />
embedded in this crown composed of the logic centers of previous emperors.

The Tottonids believe this crown brings the wisdom of generations to its rulers.<br />
It's also the reason why the rulers of the Tottonid have always been unusually large, heavy, and beautiful.

In the past few Amber Eras, there are scholars who believe that the crown actually stores racial memories and basic cells of the Tottonids.<br />
They also believe that exposing the crown to moonlight would allow them to touch the buried history of the race.<br />
With the kindling of life from that Aeon, this lost people of yesteryear can be given a rebirth.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Species of the Galaxy: Tottonid
|zhs  = 星域界种指要：约特伍德体
|zht  = 星域界種指南：約特伍德體
|ja   = 星域界種要旨：ヨートン体
|ko   = 천체 생태 요점: 토튼족
|es   = Especies de la galaxia: tottónido
|fr   = Espèces de la galaxie&nbsp;: les Tottonides
|ru   = Виды галактики: Тоттониды
|th   = คู่มือนิเวศวิทยากาแล็กซี: Tottonid
|vi   = Khái Quát Về Loài Ở Ngân Hà: Tottonid
|de   = Spezies der Galaxie: Tottonid
|id   = Spesies Galaksi: Tottonid
|pt   = Espécies da Galáxia: Tottonid
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}