<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Curlcademy Guidelines#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 147
|partIds      = 190300
|title        = 
|image        = Item Journal.png
|world        = Herta Space Station
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = The guidelines for the Curlcademy on the space station, contains very subjective views.
|part1        = The Curlcademy Guidelines
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = Herta
|factions     = 
}}
'''The Curlcademy Guidelines''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Herta Space Station]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
<div align="center">Association Name</div><br />Herta Curlcademy

<div align="center">Association Guidelines</div><br />Modern science progresses at a rapid pace, while humanity's self-determination approaches at a snail's pace. We have a duty as researchers to help others identify our department more easily, and so we have shed part of our personal flair: Our outfits. We should strengthen our personalities in different ways, rather than cliché clothes. We believe that our heads evolved to grow out of the tops of our torsos not simply because they contain the brain. They must play a vital role &mdash; that of Identification. Therefore, grooming your own personal hairstyle is a key step in mastering your identity. This is the only way to bring a whiff of humanity beneath the stench of science aboard the space station.

<div align="center">Association Motto</div><br />Sculpt daily, condition weekly, and strengthen monthly.

<div align="center">Association Goals</div><br />Mainly aimed at the researchers and staff aboard the Herta space station: To nurture everyone's unique vibe, to rapidly respond to crises, to master meticulous perming technique, and to deliver a steady stream of fashionable hairstyles for the whole universe.

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Curlcademy Guidelines
|zhs  = 爆炸头协会纲领
|zht  = 爆炸頭協會綱領
|ja   = アフロ協会綱領
|ko   = 폭탄 머리 협회 강령
|es   = Directrices de la Asociación de Amigos de la Permanente
|fr   = Guide de l'Association de la coupe disco
|ru   = Руководство Ассоциации пышных причёсок
|th   = หลักการของสมาคมคนหัวฟู
|vi   = Cương Lĩnh Hiệp Hội Đầu Xù
|de   = Die Richtlinien der Dauerwelle-Vereinigung
|id   = Pedoman Asosiasi Gaya Rambut Kribo
|pt   = Regras da Associação do Cabelo Crespo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}