{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A robed friar stops you. She carries a weighty brass scale &mdash; likely a follower of Talanton.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You're in no mood for justice or balance, ready to wave her off, but she raises the scale toward you before you can speak.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I walk in the world, spreading the word of Talanton's equilibrium. You may entrust a wish to this scale &mdash; place it upon one side, and if your wish is fulfilled, then the other side will bear a matching reward. Both shall be yours."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' If even Talanton's followers are resorting to mystical sales pitches, times must be rough. Then again... no harm in trying, right?
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to become the richest person in Amphoreus. &mdash; Obtains 1 special Curio. After obtaining a large amount of Cosmic Fragment, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can already sense wealth gathering at one end of the scale. When the balance is restored, I will return to you." With a faint smile, the friar turns and walks away.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to become a member of the Council of Elders. &mdash; Obtains 1 special Curio. After activating a high-rarity Equation, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can already sense power gathering at one end of the scale. When the balance is restored, I will return to you." With a faint smile, the friar turns and walks away.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to become a sage in the Grove of Epiphany. &mdash; Obtains 1 special Curio. After obtaining a high-rarity Curio, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can already sense wisdom gathering at one end of the scale. When the balance is restored, I will return to you." With a faint smile, the friar turns and walks away.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I'm happy with who I am right now. &mdash; Obtain 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "You've passed up a golden opportunity, but perhaps your scale was already in perfect balance." The friar gives you a knowing nod of approval.
{{Dialogue End}}