<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wishful Scale#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26501
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Hero.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 152
}}
'''Wishful Scale''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = I want to become the richest person in Amphoreus.
|result_1 = Obtains 1 special Curio. After obtaining a large amount of Cosmic Fragment, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards

|choice_2 = I want to become a member of the Council of Elders.
|result_2 = Obtains 1 special Curio. After activating a high-rarity Equation, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards

|choice_3 = I want to become a sage in the Grove of Epiphany.
|result_3 = Obtains 1 special Curio. After obtaining a high-rarity Curio, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards

|choice_4 = I'm happy with who I am right now.
|result_4 = Obtain 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A robed friar stops you. She carries a weighty brass scale &mdash; likely a follower of Talanton.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You're in no mood for justice or balance, ready to wave her off, but she raises the scale toward you before you can speak.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I walk in the world, spreading the word of Talanton's equilibrium. You may entrust a wish to this scale &mdash; place it upon one side, and if your wish is fulfilled, then the other side will bear a matching reward. Both shall be yours."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' If even Talanton's followers are resorting to mystical sales pitches, times must be rough. Then again... no harm in trying, right?
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to become the richest person in Amphoreus. &mdash; Obtains 1 special Curio. After obtaining a large amount of Cosmic Fragment, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can already sense wealth gathering at one end of the scale. When the balance is restored, I will return to you." With a faint smile, the friar turns and walks away.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to become a member of the Council of Elders. &mdash; Obtains 1 special Curio. After activating a high-rarity Equation, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can already sense power gathering at one end of the scale. When the balance is restored, I will return to you." With a faint smile, the friar turns and walks away.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I want to become a sage in the Grove of Epiphany. &mdash; Obtains 1 special Curio. After obtaining a high-rarity Curio, this Curio can be used to obtain rewards
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I can already sense wisdom gathering at one end of the scale. When the balance is restored, I will return to you." With a faint smile, the friar turns and walks away.
:{{DIcon|Star}} I'm happy with who I am right now. &mdash; Obtain 2 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "You've passed up a golden opportunity, but perhaps your scale was already in perfect balance." The friar gives you a knowing nod of approval.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wishful Scale
|zhs  = 愿望天平
|zht  = 願望天平
|ja   = {{Rubi|願|ねが}}いの{{Rubi|天秤|てんびん}}
|ko   = 소원 저울
|es   = Balanza de los deseos
|fr   = Balance des vœux
|ru   = Весы желаний
|th   = ตาชั่งแห่งความปรารถนา
|vi   = Cán Cân Nguyện Vọng
|de   = Ein Wunsch auf der Waage
|id   = Neraca Harapan
|pt   = Balança dos Desejos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}