{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A burst of heat from the stove pipe inflates the sheepskin airbag in an instant. The sugar-glazed propellers creak and groan in delight. After one last check of the cotton candy-wrapped aircraft, you lift off, wobbling into the sky.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The tragedy of the skyship is no secret, but you're convinced its downfall came from being too conspicuous. With that in mind, you took the smarter route &mdash; miniaturization. And for an extra touch of brilliance, you used cotton candy to disguise yourself as a drifting puff of clouds.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' From up here, valleys and rivers unfold beneath you, a breathtaking panorama. You feel the refreshing chill of a breeze unique to high altitudes. But with every inch you climb, so does the risk of catching Aquila's attention. A choice must be made.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Add some sugar and keep increasing the height. &mdash; Obtain 2 Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and the Negative Curio: Sky High Model I
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You sold off your family-run cotton candy shop at Bulsa and drowned yourself in debt to build the ultimate flying machine &mdash; not to hover at this pathetic altitude listening to sparrows chirp.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The winds grow more erratic, tossing your machine like a drifting leaf. Strips of cotton candy are ripped away by the turbulence. You know what this means &mdash; Aquila is searching for you.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' But Aquila has underestimated your ingenuity. The machine's engine is also a cotton candy machine. You immediately crank out many fresh layers of cotton candy, reinforcing your disguise. You even make enough to sneak a snack.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Do you ascend further?
::{{DIcon|Star}} Add some sugar and keep increasing the height. &mdash; Obtain 3 random Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and the Negative Curio: Sky High Model II
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' What kind of adventurer backs down when faced with danger? If you were the type to play it safe, you'd still be on the ground, spinning cotton candy for children.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' A bolt of lightning splits the heavens, the air thick with the sharp tang of scorch &mdash; Aquila is furious. Their hundred eyes have failed them, and in a fit of rage, they unleash a relentless storm of divine thunder, determined to obliterate you.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your machine is a flying tinderbox. One stray spark, and your cloud-like disguise will ignite into a fiery inferno.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Do you ascend further?
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Add some sugar and keep increasing the height. &mdash; Obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2-star rarity and the Negative Curio: Sky High Model III
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Maybe it was the relentless drive of an adventurer pushing you forward &mdash; or maybe you just couldn't stomach the idea of returning to the ground to spin cotton candy. Either way, you throw caution to the wind and surge straight into the heart of the thunderstorm above you.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' When the storm finally subsides, the air carries a lingering sweetness. Down below, children stare in wide-eyed wonder as soft tufts of cotton candy drift from the sky like rain...
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Turn off the stove and descend. &mdash; You understood how precious life is in that moment
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your mind is set. Once your feet touch solid ground again, you're reopening a cotton candy shop. And you're swearing off flying for good.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Turn off the stove and descend. &mdash; The most precious quality of a person is knowing their limits
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You've witnessed sights that few ever will. As for the even grander views beyond? Those are for the reckless to pursue.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Turn off the stove and descend. &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You're already standing above 99.99% of Amphoreus. Perhaps it's time to descend. The ground is far more dependable.
{{Dialogue End}}