<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Anaxa#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1405
|image     = Character Anaxa Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Anaxa
|signature = Then let me ask you
|faction   = Amphoreus
}}

==Daily==
===Searching for signal...===
{{Messages|text=
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Searching for signal...
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Unstable Signal
:'''Anaxa:''' According to my calculations:
:'''Anaxa:''' By the time you receive this message, the Flame-Chase Journey will have reached its terminus. I hope my students haven't caused you too much trouble.
:'''Anaxa:''' From a scholar's standpoint, your appearance is sure to bring about countless possibilities, (Trailblazer).
:'''Anaxa:''' Pity, though, that time is short and I won't be there to witness it myself.
:'''Anaxa:''' Back when I was a student, I would often gaze up at the Amphorean night, imagining the secrets those stars might conceal.
:'''Anaxa:''' I believe the "trailblazing" you speak of is born of the same yearning.
:'''Anaxa:''' In the next life, may the truths of the universe rest again in my hands.
:'''Anaxa:''' That is all I have to say. May our next meeting be among the stars!
:{Choice} Prof Anax calculated for everything
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Prof Anax calculated for everything
:{Choice} Deal
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Deal
::'''(Trailblazer):''' See you among the stars
:{Choice} You're already in the stratosphere!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're already in the stratosphere!
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Message failed to send.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The user you're trying to reach is currently out of the service area. Please try again later.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}