<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Archer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1015
|image     = Character Archer Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Archer
|signature = AAA-rank Professional Housekeeper
|faction   = Another World
}}

==Daily==
===How nostalgic...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Archer:''' How nostalgic...
:'''Archer:''' It's been a long time since I've seen anywhere as messy as your room
:'''Archer:''' "Drowning in happiness," that probably refers to people like you, huh?
:{Choice} Ghost!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I watched you disappear with my own eyes
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is this the witching hour?
:{Choice} A message... that transcends the universe?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Didn't you guys disappear?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The Holy Grail comes with a telecommunication service that transcends space and time?
:'''Archer:''' The otherworldly summon was simply too shoddy, so our spirit forms are temporarily stranded on the way back
:'''Archer:''' It's on the way anyway, so we came to take a look at this Astral Express you kept going on about
:'''Archer:''' I discussed my thoughts with the conductor, and I must say, it was beneficial
:'''Archer:''' If I didn't need to leave right away, I'd love to learn more about their housekeeping methods
:'''Archer:''' Oh right, I cleaned your room for you and threw out the unnecessary trash
:'''Archer:''' You're welcome
:{Choice} Nooo! My trash!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I hoarded the trash for two and a half years! It's all gone now!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Were you sent from hell?
:{Choice} You didn't see anything...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You didn't see anything you shouldn't have seen, right?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Right?
:{Choice} Did you find any Stellar Jades?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Did you see the 5 Stellar Jades I dropped under the bed?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' They're sharp, angular, and sparkly
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Message failed to send.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Hey!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Hey!
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Message failed to send.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The user you're trying to reach is currently out of the service area. Please try again later.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}