<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Dr. Ratio#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1305
|image     = Character Dr. Ratio Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Dr. Ratio
|signature = "There's no rush."
|faction   = Intelligentsia Guild
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===How is testing the...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' How is testing the Divergent Universe? The Human Comedy, heh... Screwllum surprised me. His kingly qualities indeed mean he's more open to accepting external suggestions, unlike the other Geniuses.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' In my spare time, I've compiled a new batch of data as an iterative sample for this version of the Divergent Universe.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' I'll send you a copy. Think of it as practice material for a test.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''Investigation on the Lifecycle of Cosmic Intelligent Life Forms - AE 2157'' has been sent
:{Choice} I'm only a tester
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm only a tester. Thinking is not in my job description.
:{Choice} On it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' On it. I love learning
::'''(Trailblazer):''' By the way, how long would it take to finish reading the document?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Conservatively? Just 1 Amber Era.
:{Choice} Who are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Um... Have we met?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' It doesn't matter if you know me or not, but you should know yourself and the data I sent. That's very important.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' The Equations allow you to experience different lives. It's not about making you become someone, but for you to have a clear idea of where you want to go.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Even if the genius' research doesn't concern you, you shouldn't stop pondering the subject of "life."
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Don't worry. For users such as yourself, just reading the literature review and the conclusion sections will suffice.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Not even Screwllum will read through this verbose document word by word.
:{Choice} Are you working together?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You are the partner Screwllum mentioned?
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Screwllum is trying to understand and resolve the differences and conflicts among intelligent lifeforms. I only provided him with some materials and advice during academic exchanges.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' As for "partner"... that's just him overstating my contribution.
:{Choice} As expected of you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I have met many people. If Screwllum says that they're his partner...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' They'd be so happy that they might even burst out laughing in the middle of the night.
:{Choice} He thinks highly of you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' He thinks highly of you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yet you declined his invitation, why?
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Geniuses are like stars. The value they create can illuminate an entire planetary system.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' The mundane is always trying to follow their footsteps, only to be blinded and become lost.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' He has his topics, and I have mine.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' One needs to walk their own path. This is true to both you and me.
}}
----

==Daily==
===<u>Tap to register for...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' <u>Tap to register for the [Rosetta-Rosenthal Cup]. We look forward to meeting you.</u>
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''1st Round Debate Topic'' sent.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' (Trailblazer), I've sent you the info about the recent debate competition held within the guild. The debate topic is ''Are science and technology neutral?''
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Don't get any wrong ideas. I'm simply forwarding someone else's post.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' The topic is beginner-friendly.
:{Choice} It's gonna be a cakewalk for me
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm more than articulate to handle this
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' How so?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' There are no bounds in the art of language.
:{Choice} I know nothing about debate
::'''(Trailblazer):''' But I know nothing about debate
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' All the more reason for you to learn, then.
:{Choice} I'm anti-social
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry, I'm anti-social
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Clearly, you don't know yourself well enough.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' It matters not whether you join the competition.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' But I am inclined to acquire an understanding of how you perceive debate as an activity within your cognitive framework.
:{Choice} Arguing against the other side
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Debate is about arguing against the other side
:{Choice} Angering your opponent
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Debate is about triggering the other side
:{Choice} Being snarky with each other
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Debate is about being snarky with each other
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Very well, then. Allow me to expound on this topic using the proposition above as an example, if you please.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Which side do you choose?
:{Choice} Technology is neutral
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Technology is neutral
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' I'll take the opposite side then. You may speak first.
::{Choice} It's humans that do good or evil
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Technology is a double-edged sword, in the sense that it can be used to do both good and evil.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Have you ever heard of Dr. Primitive's atavistic experiment?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' To induce a stress response in his subjects, he developed a series of technologies with the sole purpose to torture and inflict sufferings.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Such technologies are abominable.
:{Choice} Technology is not neutral.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Technology is not neutral.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' I'll take the affirmative side then. You may speak first.
::{Choice} Technologies are either good or evil
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Some technologies are inherently good, like those that prolong lifespans.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Indeed, strides made in medical technologies have, undeniably, saved many a soul from afflictions and ailments. But medical treatments are not necessarily synonymous with prolongation of life.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Haven't you lot visited the Xianzhou Alliance already? Methinks you ought to have a keener understanding of the dear price one must pay for immortality.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' I rest my case.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' See, this verily confirms my assertion.
:{Choice} I didn't even get to speak
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I didn't even get to speak!
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Most often, one's rapid elocution bespeaks an agile intellect.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' However, it may also indicate a complete lack of cerebral engagement in one's discourse.
:{Choice} You're spouting nonsense
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're spouting nonsense
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' You'll have lost the game, if that is your argument.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' But there is a certain truth in what you say.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Indeed, the conclusion is plain to see. Neither of us can sway the assertion of the other.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' You get it now? The truth, at times, does shine brighter and clearer via this manner of discourse, and at other times, it doesn't.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Most debates often amount to nothing more than a frivolous play of words.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Amongst other things... I have once been enticed into partaking in debates that transcend the confines of language.
:{Choice} Transcend the confines of language?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Transcend the confines of language?
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Do bear in mind, (Trailblazer), that a robust constitution always proves its mettle, no matter the hour.
}}
----

===After three months of...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' After three months of incessant engineering designs, I feel a tad weary.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' (Trailblazer), do grace my intellect with a much-needed barrage of stimulating quizzes, if you would be so kind.
:{Choice} This is such a weird request.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' This is the first time I've received a request like this.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Is that so?
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Is this not how you usually unwind?
:{Choice} Please design a weapon for the Express.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Please design a weapon for the Express.
::{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''[04-59] Contemplator Project'' sent.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Here. It's an anti-planetary weapon design that I once devised, perfectly suited for the Express.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Whilst traversing the cosmos, high-caliber armaments are an indispensable necessity.
::{Choice} Where's the weapon?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So, where's this weapon?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' The Express itself is the weapon.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' The Express, a mere assemblage of carriages, becomes a colossal weapon when fitted with lightweight yet resilient materials, all without compromising its internal architecture.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' The blueprint delineates the potential for it to morph into a humanoid assault weapon, enabling you to engage in combat without budging an inch.
::{Choice} What about the materials?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Where can I get the materials you mentioned?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Someone in the guild is spearheading the development of such materials. Expect fruitful outcomes within the next five Amber Eras.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Well, are you up for a collaboration?
:{Choice} Make the Express move perpetually
::'''(Trailblazer):''' How to turn the Express into a perpetual motion machine that doesn't rely on external energy?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' That's a brilliant question. Let me see.
::{Choice} I just made that up
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I just made that up...
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' As it happens, the question of energy has been an old friend of mine.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' I am confident in my ability to elevate the train to a level approaching perpetual motion.
::{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment ''[02-17] Couplet Project'' sent.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Hold on.
::{Choice} What's wrong?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What's wrong?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' I've just perused the Guild's compendium on the Express and looked into its architectural intricacies and energy consumption.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' From the records, I notice that refueling for the Express has been dreadfully irregular since its recommencement, yet it manages to keep warping, virtually unperturbed.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' In a sense, it is already a perpetual-motion machine.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' What power propels the Express to journey so enduringly, I wonder?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' One fine day, I shall personally dismantle it to seek its truth with my own hands.
::{Choice} Don't let the conductor hear you.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't let the conductor hear you. They can be terrifying when they get cranky.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Ah, yes, that conductor, perhaps, holds the very key to this secret.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' One fine day, I shall unravel their enigma, too.
:{Choice} I'll convey your ideas.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I'll report these ideas of yours to the conductor.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Keep me posted.
}}
----

===The esteemed University of...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' The esteemed University of Veritas Prime has once again commenced its enrollment proceedings. Do you, perchance, harbor aspirations for further refinements and scholarly pursuits?
:{Choice} Huh?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Huh? Wdym
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Interstellar voyages necessitate a wealth of erudition, lest one may very well perish amidst perils unknown.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' What subjects tickle your fancy? Mathematics, physics, or perhaps, philosophy...?
:{Choice} I like math?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I like math?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Allow me to regale you with a tale.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Once upon a time, a physicist and an engineer found themselves adrift in a hot air balloon amidst a ravine.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' They screamed at the top of their lungs, "Yo-ho! Where are we?"
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' After fifteen minutes had elapsed, they heard a voice reply, "Yo-ho! You are in a hot air balloon!"
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' The physicist deduced, "Surely, that must be a mathematician..."
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' "...for he took an extensive period of time to produce an entirely accurate answer, albeit utterly inconsequential."
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Truth be told, mathematics is a formidable discipline, one that eludes the grasp of many throughout their lifetime, rendering its significance inscrutable.
::{Choice} What a dry joke that is.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What a dry joke that is.
:{Choice} I like physics.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I like physics.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Nowadays, physics journals are being published at a rate surpassing even the speed of light.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' This, however, does not defy the law of relativity, for all those journals carry not even an iota of meaningful information.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Moreover, should you ever embark upon this line of academic endeavor, it is highly probable that a staggering four-fifths of the year shall be exclusively consumed by languid progression, while the remaining fifth shall be indubitably bereft of any semblance of progression at all.
::{Choice} Sounds pretty scary.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sounds pretty scary.
:{Choice} I like philosophy!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I like philosophy!
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Are you privy to the demarcation between philosophy and science?
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' To tackle scientific quandaries, one requires parchment, quill, and an eraser.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' Yet, to unravel philosophical enigmas, parchment and quill shall suffice.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' For in philosophy lies a notable lack of a definitive criterion for right and wrong.
::'''Dr. Ratio:''' I would not recommend this discipline to neophytes.
::{Choice} Understood
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Understood
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' You may need more time for careful consideration.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Beware of those who only extol the virtues of an academic discipline without candidly acknowledging its challenges.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' I have met numerous students brimming with enthusiasm, only to witness their eventual departure, ensconced in disillusionment and despondency.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Hence, any academic decision should be approached with utmost caution.
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Though it may sound harsh, not everyone is suited for the scholarly pursuit.
:{Choice} I'll give it more serious thoughts
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'll give it more serious thoughts
:{Choice} I'm surprised you're aware it sounds harsh
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm surprised you're aware it sounds harsh
:'''Dr. Ratio:''' Do ponder upon it with due diligence before tendering your response, and should you require it, I shall gladly lend my quill to pen a commendatory missive to your benefit.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}