<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Jade#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1314
|image     = Character Jade Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Jade
|signature = You are always welcome to Bonajade Exchange.
|faction   = Interastral Peace Corporation
}}

==Daily==
===I've been planning to...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Jade:''' I've been planning to craft a new piece of jewelry. Wanna hear the story behind it?
:{Choice} Wait, you added me as a friend?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Wait, you added me as a friend?
::'''Jade:''' In case you forgot, our paths crossed quite a bit on the Radiant Feldspar
:{Choice} Sure, but you gotta reward me for it!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sure, but you gotta reward me for it!
::'''Jade:''' Absolutely! I promise it'll be worth your time
:{Choice} I don't know a thing about jewelry
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't know a thing about jewelry...
::'''Jade:''' No worries, just think of it as a casual chat
:'''Jade:''' I came into possession of a round blue natural crystal full of cleansing energy. Any guesses where it's from?
:{Choice} A jewelry store
::'''(Trailblazer):''' A jewelry store? But what made you pick that one?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I have a feeling it's not that simple
::'''Jade:''' Yes, if you only consider its appearance, it's certainly not top-grade
::'''Jade:''' If this blue crystal had been on a regular store shelf, I wouldn't have given it a second glance, much less bought it
:{Choice} A wealthy merchant's treasure vault
::'''(Trailblazer):''' A wealthy merchant's treasure vault? It must be collateral in the Bonajade Exchange
::'''(Trailblazer):''' But I get the feeling there's more to it than that
::'''Jade:''' Hmm, the Bonajade Exchange does have a plethora of treasures
::'''Jade:''' If you only consider its appearance, it's certainly not top-grade
:{Choice} Found it by the roadside
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Did you stumble upon it by the roadside?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I considered places like jewelry stores or a wealthy merchant's treasure vault, but they all seem too straightforward an answer
::'''Jade:''' Creative, but no
:'''Jade:''' Someday, maybe you'll come to realize that human greed is like a bottomless vortex
:'''Jade:''' Even if they claim a heart free of desires, they might still lose it all in a foolish moment of greed
:'''Jade:''' Just like this blue crystal &mdash; it's the condensed form of a pure planet, born from the desires of one in power
:{Choice} This is a planet?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You turned a planet into an accessory? That's kind of terrifying!
::'''Jade:''' It takes two to make a deal. There's no coercion involved
:{Choice} Then, the Express, too...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you planning to turn the Express into a crystal ornament too?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I need to tell the conductor this right away!
::'''Jade:''' Don't worry. A deal requires agreement from both parties &mdash; I'd never force anyone into making one
:'''Jade:''' I hope the story didn't scare you too much
:'''Jade:''' It seems like you don't have such desires right now. That's a good thing
:'''Jade:''' If you ever find yourself in need of making a "deal," you're always welcome at the Bonajade Exchange
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), do you know...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Jade:''' (Trailblazer), do you know anything about "managing up"?
:'''Jade:''' I heard it's a really popular concept among younger professionals
:{Choice} I know all about "managing up"!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I know all about "managing up"!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If work is overwhelming you, reach out to your manager and pass some their way. If it isn't, pass some their way anyway!
::'''Jade:''' That's a unique way to look at it
:{Choice} Heard of it, but it's unrealistic
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Mm-hmm. "If work is overwhelming you, reach out to your manager and pass some their way. If it isn't, pass some their way anyway," right?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' But I think it's unrealistic. Constantly clashing with your manager is a surefire way to get fired, isn't it
::'''Jade:''' It looks like you have a good understanding of it
:'''Jade:''' The young employees at the IPC have been talking about it, and their views have reached my ears
:'''Jade:''' Sentiments toward "managing up" largely depend on their supervisor's management style
:'''Jade:''' "Director Topaz may be a woman of swift and decisive action, but she listens to advice where she should."
:'''Jade:''' "Director Aventurine has a sharp eye for everything. Putting the initial 'whys' and 'hows' aside, if he says something can be done, then it will get done."
:{Choice} What about Madam Jade's style?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What about Madam Jade's style?
:'''Jade:''' Take a guess?
:{Choice} Can't tell
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Can't tell... I've got a feeling that nobody can "managing up" with you
:'''Jade:''' Hmm... Or maybe it's the exact opposite
:'''Jade:''' The world of youths is a vibrant and dynamic one. The new generation inevitably surpasses the old
:'''Jade:''' But before that happens, as one who walks before them, I'll help them become the best versions of themselves
:{Choice} The IPC are all workaholics!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So this is the reason behind the workaholic culture at the IPC
::'''Jade:''' Diligence and fortitude are the keys to growth
::'''Jade:''' Not everyone gets the opportunity to climb higher
:{Choice} The Ten Stonehearts self-improve too?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Do the Ten Stonehearts need to polish themselves too?
::'''Jade:''' Absolutely. Chiselling the Cornerstones is just the beginning
::'''Jade:''' Only by steadily tempering our hearts and building unbreakable walls can we broaden our horizons
:'''Jade:''' From what I've seen, (Trailblazer), you're a rare and unique gem
:'''Jade:''' If you're interested, why not come to the IPC and experience for yourself our uncompromising dedication to polishing oneself?
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), got a minute?===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Jade:''' (Trailblazer), got a minute?
:'''Jade:''' I'd like to hear your thoughts on "kids"
:{Choice} I don't have kids
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't have kids, so I might not be the best person to ask
::'''Jade:''' That's okay. We were all once kids anyway, so I'm really interested in hearing your views
:{Choice} Kids? That's me
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Kid at your service. Ask away!
::'''Jade:''' That's the spirit! I can't wait to hear your opinion
:'''Jade:''' What do you think will make a child happy?
:{Choice} Food, clothes, and happy family!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Being well-fed, well-clothed, and well-loved by their family &mdash; just like how the Crew is!
::'''Jade:''' Sounds like the Crew shares a really close bond. May that happiness stay with you forever
:{Choice} Free from troubles and woes!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Free from troubles and woes!
::'''Jade:''' You're right. A child's world should be innocent and carefree
:{Choice} I don't know
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't know
::'''Jade:''' Yeah, sometimes happiness is just hard to put into words
:'''Jade:''' I asked Topaz and Aventurine the same question
:'''Jade:''' Their definitions of happiness have changed and now vary from each other's, but on the topic of "what makes a child happy," they share the same view as you
:'''Jade:''' The children in the orphanage would probably wish for the same things too
:{Choice} The children's wishes?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The children's wishes? Anything I can help with?
::'''Jade:''' Thanks for the offer, but I can handle it
:{Choice} You visit orphanages?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You visit orphanages?
::'''Jade:''' Yes, I go there all the time
::'''Jade:''' You seem surprised
::{Choice} I've heard stories about the Exchange
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Well... I've heard stories about the Bonajade Exchange
::'''Jade:''' I see... No need to worry. After all, in the case of adults, choices made must be much stricter
:'''Jade:''' The kids have given me unconditional trust, and I'll reciprocate in kind with all my heart
:'''Jade:''' In any case, it's about time I head off
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}