<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Kafka#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1005
|name      = Anonymous
|image     = Character Kafka Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Kafka
|signature = 
|faction   = [[Others]] (Before completing {{cx}})<br />[[Stellaron Hunters]] (After completing {{cx}})
}}

==Daily==
===Hi, (Trailblazer)===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Anonymous:''' Hi, (Trailblazer)
:'''Anonymous:''' It's me
:'''Anonymous:''' Even though I am not with you, I know you've done quite a number of missions recently
:'''Anonymous:''' I want to hear your thoughts
:'''Anonymous:''' How do you feel after completing those missions?
:{Choice} Satisfied
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Satisfied
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I want more
::'''Anonymous:''' So, that's how you are now
::'''Anonymous:''' That's good to hear
::'''Anonymous:''' If I need help, I'll look for you
:{Choice} I feel empty
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I feel empty
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I can't remember anything
::'''Anonymous:''' So, that's how you are now
::'''Anonymous:''' That's a shame
::'''Anonymous:''' I can't help much in that regard
:'''Anonymous:''' After all, I'm still the same old me
:{Choice} I know
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Yeah, I know
::'''Anonymous:''' Yeah, you know that already
::'''Anonymous:''' No changes at all
:{Choice} I remember nothing
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Even if you say that, I remember absolutely nothing
::'''Anonymous:''' Yeah, I know
:'''Anonymous:''' Argh, I accidentally stained my coat
:'''Anonymous:''' Tsk
:'''Anonymous:''' Mission's over though, so I have time to clean it
:'''Anonymous:''' Until next time
:{Choice} Until next time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Until next time
:{Choice} Don't contact me
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't contact me
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Error: Recipient does not exist
}}
----

===Hi, (Trailblazer)===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Anonymous:''' Hi, (Trailblazer)
:{Choice} It's you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's you
::'''Anonymous:''' Yep, it's me
::'''Anonymous:''' You guessed right straight away
:{Choice} Who are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who are you?
::'''Anonymous:''' Forgot me again already?
::'''Anonymous:''' To be fair, I can't blame you
:'''Anonymous:''' How's life on the Express so far?
:{Choice} I kinda miss you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I kinda miss you
::'''Anonymous:''' Oh, really?
::{Choice} Really
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Really
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' You don't believe me?
:::'''Anonymous:''' I do
:::'''Anonymous:''' I know you can't see me, but I'm actually really happy right now
:::'''Anonymous:''' I knew it
::{Choice} No
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' No
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' You saw right through me. Unbelievable
:::'''Anonymous:''' My instincts have always been sharp
:::'''Anonymous:''' But
::'''Anonymous:''' As long as you're with them, I'm not worried
::'''Anonymous:''' You should remember that too
::'''Anonymous:''' Okay?
:{Choice} I'm doing very well
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm doing very well
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I like my life right now
::'''Anonymous:''' Oh, that's good
::'''Anonymous:''' As long as you're with them, I'm not worried
::'''Anonymous:''' You should remember that too
::'''Anonymous:''' Okay?
:'''Anonymous:''' (Trailblazer)
:{Choice} Got it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Got it
:{Choice} Leave me alone
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Leave me alone
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Error: Recipient does not exist
}}
----

===Hi, (Trailblazer)===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Anonymous:''' Hi, (Trailblazer)
:{Choice} What's wrong
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What's wrong? Did something happen?
::'''Anonymous:''' Nothing. I just thought of you
:{Choice} You again
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's you again
::'''Anonymous:''' Yup, am I not welcome?
:'''Anonymous:''' I didn't expect to be the only one in this movie theater, either
:'''Anonymous:''' I thought this movie would have more fans
:'''Anonymous:''' This movie called Out of the Past
:{Choice} Not going with anyone else?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Not watching the movie with anyone else?
::'''Anonymous:''' If you mean the other Stellaron Hunters...
::'''Anonymous:''' Everyone's preferences differ to some extent, so there's no need to insist on them coming
:{Choice} Let's go together next time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Let's watch this movie together next time
::'''Anonymous:''' Alright, I'll hold you to your promise
:'''Anonymous:''' What kind of movies do you like, (Trailblazer)?
:'''Anonymous:''' What do you like right now
:{Choice} Biographical films
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Biographical films
::'''Anonymous:''' I also enjoy the feeling of reading about and watching others' lives
::'''Anonymous:''' I hope no one turns my life into a movie, though
::'''Anonymous:''' I don't like the idea of some director showing the world their own interpretation of me
:{Choice} Action films
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Action films
::'''Anonymous:''' I often find myself in scenarios similar to the ones in those movies
::'''Anonymous:''' It might be exciting for other moviegoers, but I find it lacks immersion
:{Choice} Sci-Fi movies
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sci-Fi movies
::'''Anonymous:''' Even though they are stories set in the future
::'''Anonymous:''' Things that happened in the past will often be repeated in the future
:'''Anonymous:''' Okay, the movie's about to start
:'''Anonymous:''' Talk soon, bye
:{Choice} Enjoy your movie
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Enjoy your movie
:{Choice} Bye
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Bye
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Error: Recipient does not exist
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}