<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Lingsha#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1222
|image     = Character Lingsha Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Lingsha
|signature = Don't get angry, don't get mad, you don't have the time to feel so bad
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Daily==
===Don't get angry, don't...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Lingsha:''' Don't get angry, don't be hasty, workplace troubles never cease. Who can replace me if I get sick?
:'''Lingsha:''' I chant this every day!
:{Choice} Well said!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Well said! Great advice!
:{Choice} Something the matter?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Something the matter?
:{Choice} Does reciting that help?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is reciting that actually useful?
::'''Lingsha:''' Ah, I'm just trying to comfort myself.
:'''Lingsha:''' The Commission used to have a "six days a week, twelve hours a day" work routine. Those who didn't honor it were branded "bad team players" and even forced to quit
:'''Lingsha:''' But this actually ended up reducing productivity as opposed to motivating people
:'''Lingsha:''' So I'm once again arguing with people who support this system
:{Choice} Wait, really?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Woah, I didn't know they had something terrible like that...
::'''Lingsha:''' Yeah, it's crazy, right?
:{Choice} The Astral Express is better...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm so lucky with the Astral Express...
::'''Lingsha:''' I am very jealous too
:'''Lingsha:''' (Trailblazer), you have traveled far and seen many worlds. Do you have any advice you can offer me?
:{Choice} Attack head on
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Attack head on and lay your cards on the table
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I know lots of people will support you!
::'''Lingsha:''' Indeed, I will not disappoint the alchemists' high expectations of me
:{Choice} Think of the big picture
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Think of the big picture and don't fall into traps
::'''Lingsha:''' Indeed. This is not something that I can change overnight. I shall need to think more long-term
:{Choice} Use a physical approach
::'''(Trailblazer):''' As the Galactic Baseballer, I suggest using a physical approach! Direct, swift, and effective!
::'''Lingsha:''' I am not talented with martial arts. I fear this approach will not be of any use to me. Although, they do say that desperate times call for desperate measures...
:'''Lingsha:''' Thank you for your suggestion. I feel a lot more relaxed after speaking with you~
:'''Lingsha:''' Feel free to come and speak to me next time you need to get something off your chest!
}}
----

===Attachment: "Alchemic Wisdom: A...===
{{Messages|text=
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment: "Alchemic Wisdom: A Hundred Thousand Must-Know Health Tips for Galactic Travelers (First Edition)"
:'''Lingsha:''' (Trailblazer), the Alchemy Commission recently compiled a series of health education books
:'''Lingsha:''' They were written with the idea that, as interstellar travelers are faced with very complex living environments, an all-round health maintenance manual would make such journeys more comfortable and safe
:'''Lingsha:''' But I'm not sure if there is actually a market for this. I'd like to hear your thoughts
:{Choice} Health is paramount!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Staying healthy is paramount!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just the guidance that we need!
::'''Lingsha:''' Seems like we do have an audience
:{Choice} A hundred thousand? Seriously?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't you think a hundred thousand is a few too many?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just looking at the name puts me off
::'''Lingsha:''' I thought so, too
::'''Lingsha:''' One hundred should be the absolute max
:{Choice} I don't care for health
::'''(Trailblazer):''' First, I don't care for self care
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Plus, do you really think this content is suitable for travelers who spend all their time living outdoors?
::'''Lingsha:''' There is actually content on that, as well
:'''Lingsha:''' Do you have any other suggestions?
:'''Lingsha:''' For example, (Trailblazer), what kinds of troubles do you run into as an interstellar traveler?
:{Choice} Hard to acclimatize
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I often find it hard to acclimatize to new planets
::'''Lingsha:''' Learning to condition your body to adapt to new environments quickly is indeed an important topic
:{Choice} Lots of unexpected injuries
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I often get injured by strange monsters
::'''Lingsha:''' How to quickly prepare commonly used ointments and treatments for external wounds is indeed an important topic
:{Choice} I never have any trouble!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I never have any trouble!
::'''Lingsha:''' Hmm... Looks like the Express already has a pretty well-rounded health manual
:'''Lingsha:''' I knew you were the best person to ask. Thanks
:'''Lingsha:''' I'll add your suggestions to the manuscript. If you have any other opinions or suggestions, make sure you let me know, okay~
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), I recently prepared...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Lingsha:''' (Trailblazer), I recently prepared a new batch of incense
:'''Lingsha:''' Some of them I feel would be well suited for use while traveling. Do you usually burn incense?
:{Choice} Burn! Always burn!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Burn! Always burn!
::'''Lingsha:''' I see, then I'd love to get your opinion~
:{Choice} Not a huge fan of the smell
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Unfortunately, I don't like the smell of incense
::'''Lingsha:''' This batch was created with the latest technology that massively reduces the uncomfortable smokiness. Why not hear me out?
:'''Lingsha:''' There is a proper order within a scent profile that must be considered &mdash; with top notes, middle notes, and base notes
:'''Lingsha:''' Different people require different combinations of fragrances for perfect harmony
:'''Lingsha:''' For instance, Miss March 7th has a sweet and fresh aroma, like peach blossom in full springtime bloom. She would be most suited to incense with the essence of hundreds of flowers to maintain her youth and dispel the weariness of ages
:'''Lingsha:''' Another example would be Mr. Dan Heng. His demeanor is cold and aloof, but for those who struggle with issues from the past, nothing could be more comforting than incense obtained from Scalegorge deepsea ore. It eases the mind and prevents distracting thoughts
:'''Lingsha:''' As for the esteemed navigator Miss Himeko, who I have admired for so long, I can only imagine that she is a woman of elegance and fine fragrance. This incense, derived from alien crystals, is capable of washing away fatigue and preserving her beauty
:'''Lingsha:''' Also, I hear Mr. Yang is an extremely stable and reliable person. This incense derived from Xianzhou spring tea allows him to focus his mind on both meditation and creative work
:{Choice} I thank you on their behalf!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I'm sure they'll all be grateful!
:{Choice} You didn't mention me?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You didn't mention me?
:'''Lingsha:''' (Trailblazer)... I've thought long and hard about what kind of incense would suit you
:'''Lingsha:''' Unlike the majority of people I have met, your fragrance is elusive and hard to put a finger on. There has always been a lingering hint of mystery about you
:'''Lingsha:''' Rushing in and selecting an unsuitable incense for someone would only be counterproductive. (Trailblazer), are there any scent profiles that you enjoy?
:{Choice} The mung bean soda smell!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I like the scent of mung bean soda!
::'''Lingsha:''' Well, that is uncommon... There aren't many people who can stand that smell even among the Xianzhou natives...
::'''Lingsha:''' However, we are actually planning to create incense with such authentic Xianzhou scents~
:{Choice} The cycrane smell!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I like the scent of cycranes!
::'''Lingsha:''' Now you have me a little stumped...
::'''Lingsha:''' You mean the sort of fragrance that makes people feel warm, safe, and punctual, right? Let me do some research~
:{Choice} Let me have a think
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I can't think of anything for now. I'll have a think
::'''Lingsha:''' Sure, no problem
:'''Lingsha:''' I'll have the incense I mentioned sent to the Express soon. I hope you like them~
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}