<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Mydei#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1404
|image     = Character Mydei Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Mydei
|signature = 30% Training, 70% Diet
|faction   = Amphoreus
}}

==Daily==
===Searching for signal...===
{{Messages|text=
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Searching for signal...
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Unstable Connection
:'''Mydei:''' I can feel it, (Trailblazer). The moment of the Era Nova draws near
:'''Mydei:''' A warrior must leave a final message for their companions before they head out toward the end
:'''Mydei:''' The golden threads are experiencing abnormal fluctuations, so I'll keep it brief
:'''Mydei:''' ...
:'''Mydei:''' Failed to send again, huh
:'''Mydei:''' I can feel it, (Trailblazer). The moment of the Era Nova draws near
:'''Mydei:''' A warrior must leave a final message for their companions before they head out toward the end
:'''Mydei:''' The golden threads are experiencing abnormal fluctuations, so I'll keep it brief
:'''Mydei:''' I will defend the Flame-Chase to the last and see every Coreflame returned
:'''Mydei:''' Come what may, remember to keep your body strong and mind healthy
:'''Mydei:''' Should you meet any surviving Kremnoans, go tell them
:'''Mydei:''' That their King will carry out his promise till he returns to eternal sleep in his homeland
:'''Mydei:''' I will never fail the spirit of Kremnos
:{Choice} And we will not fail you
::'''(Trailblazer):''' And we will not fail you
:{Choice} I'll tell them
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Don't worry. I'll tell them
:{Choice} When will we meet again?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' When will we meet again?
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Message failed to send.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The user you're trying to reach is currently out of the service area. Please try again later.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}