<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Saber#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1014
|image     = Character Saber Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Saber
|signature = It is what it is, let's have a meal
|faction   = Another World
}}

==Daily==
===Master! Master!===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Saber:''' Master! Master!
:'''Saber:''' Can you see this?
:{Choice} What happened?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The Holy Grail War isn't over yet?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Could it be... the Rider that has never showed up the entire time?
:{Choice} I knew you'd still be here!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I knew it, you won't leave just yet!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What do you want to eat this time? I'll treat you to something good in Xianzhou
:'''Saber:''' No, it's just...
:'''Saber:''' Before I leave, there is a question I must ask you
:'''Saber:''' That puppet knight, are you absolutely and completely certain that nobody else has seen it?
:{Choice} It's too late.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Archer, Lancer, and everyone else have seen it
:{Choice} Sorry!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry! I didn't mean for Archer and Lancer to see it
:'''Saber:''' Ah, how should I put it?
:'''Saber:''' While it's an honor to be admired by future generations, it still feels pretty embarrassing when it comes to myself
:'''Saber:''' Especially that puppet, it's made to be rather...
:{Choice} Wise.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Full of wisdom
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Reminds me of an acquaintance from Xianzhou
:{Choice} Uncanny.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Uncanny
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Especially those eyes that stare straight into your soul
:{Choice} Adorable.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Very adorable
::'''Saber:''' You think that's adorable!?
:'''Saber:''' Never mind, no point crying over spilled milk
:'''Saber:''' If seeing it can make you smile, then that sculpture of a king has proven its worth
:{Choice} Then I can flex it?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Then I'll flex it to the others
:'''(Trailblazer):''' My ultra-ancient evil god figurine?
:'''Saber:''' No&mdash;
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Message failed to receive.
:{{DIcon|Warning}} The user you're trying to reach is currently out of the service area. Please try again later.
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}