<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Sunday#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1313
|image     = Character Sunday Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Sunday
|signature = ♪ Listening to "Had I Not Seen the Sun"
|faction   = Cosmos
}}

==Daily==
===May I know what...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Sunday:''' May I know what the routines are like on the Express?
:{Choice} Eat
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Three meals a day
::'''Sunday:''' Hmm, the Express crew appears to share similar habits with the Penaconians
:{Choice} Sleep
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sleep, and one must stay up late before sleep
::'''Sunday:''' Based on my recent observation, it seems like you're the only one with that habit
::'''Sunday:''' Nevertheless, I understand
:{Choice} Massage Pom-Pom
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Offer massage services to the Conductor, of course
::'''Sunday:''' The role of the conductor is indeed challenging and comparable to that of a Family head
:'''Sunday:''' As a passenger, I'd love to help out in some of the daily work
:'''Sunday:''' I'm not sure what I can help with, so I'm here to seek for your advice
:{Choice} Help me sleep
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Play me some bedtime songs to help with my insomnia
::'''Sunday:''' If you don't mind, I can play serenades or lullabies
::'''Sunday:''' Of course, I recommend everyone to listen to Robin's album
:{Choice} Be a good listener
::'''(Trailblazer):''' There are interesting things that happen on a daily basis during trailblazing. You can listen to my rambling
::'''Sunday:''' I used to be a Bronze Melodia. I can probably handle that
:{Choice} Just massage Pom-Pom
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just offer massage services to our conductor
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Make the Conductor happy, and everyone will be happy
:'''Sunday:''' What a coincidence. I just saw the Conductor
:'''Sunday:''' I'll start with this small task then. I'll massage Pom-Pom for a while
:'''Sunday:''' Thank you for your advice and suggestion
}}
----

===I realized there are...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Sunday:''' I realized there are a variety of music genres in the phonograph in the car, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)
:'''Sunday:''' ''Wildfire'' exudes an indomitable spirit. I believe the inhabitants of that ice-covered planet had bravely fought for their very survival
:'''Sunday:''' On the other hand, ''Pedujara'' sounds as if the inhabitants were in trance, similar to those disciples who were obsessed with immortality
:{Choice} You've got great taste!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You've got great taste!
::'''Sunday:''' Yes, nothing beats music
::'''Sunday:''' Every song is so immersive that it feels like one can glimpse that world through the sounds
:{Choice} There's Penacony music too
::'''(Trailblazer):''' There is Penacony music in the phonograph too
::'''Sunday:''' For my hometown's music to accompany everyone on their trailblazing expedition gives it a whole new meaning
:'''Sunday:''' When I was young, my sister and I would practice piano duets
:'''Sunday:''' Since she left our hometown, I've been caught up in various matters and haven't played the piano in a long time
:'''Sunday:''' Is there something you'd like to listen to? I can take this opportunity to re-acquaint myself with the piano's techniques
:{Choice} Wildfire
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ''Wildfire'', but with a different arrangement
::'''Sunday:''' That's certainly very different from what I usually play
::'''Sunday:''' I need some time to think
:{Choice} Sway to My Beat in Cosmos
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ''Sway to My Beat in Cosmos''. You must be familiar with that song
::'''Sunday:''' My sister's voice is agile and gentle. If I were to replace her voice with pure melody, it may be hard to convey the message of the song
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Your friend is typing...
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Your friend is typing...
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Your friend is typing...
:{Choice} Anything is fine, really
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Anything is fine, really. I am happy with any piece you play
:'''Sunday:''' Then I shall not waste any more time. I'll start with the easiest
:'''Sunday:''' What do you think of "White Night"?
:'''Sunday:''' Recently, I've been repeatedly savoring the composition of that song. The layers are rich, and the melody ebbs and flows, as if one could see the radiant colors of the night in a dizzying trance... It's a musical experience I've never had before.
:'''Sunday:''' I'll practice harder and perform for the Express Crew next time
}}
----

==={{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), I apologize for interrupting===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Sunday:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), I apologize for interrupting
:'''Sunday:''' I brought several desserts and beverages from my hometown, but I'm not sure if they are to your liking
:'''Sunday:''' There are some popular special local products, and others that I personally recommend
:{Choice} I can't believe this...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I didn't expect you to like these foods!
:'''Sunday:''' I actually haven't been eating as much of them after I become the Family head
:'''Sunday:''' But the other day, I noticed Himeko brewing coffee, which reminded me that Penacony has a drinksmith who infuses SoulGlad into coffee and pairs it with mini dessert pieces tailored to the flavor. That sparked an idea for me
:'''Sunday:''' I can brew a cup of such coffee for Himeko. She'll love it
:{Choice} She's a super-connoisseur
::'''(Trailblazer):''' She's a super-connoisseur
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I thank you on her behalf
:{Choice} Look forward to the competition
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I eagerly await the day when you two compete against each other
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I shall ready a bench and popcorn
:'''Sunday:''' I heard Miss March 7th is a serious dessert lover
:'''Sunday:''' I know of a pudding tart made with ingredients imported from the Xianzhou, and its flavor is said to be remarkably similar to that of the Immortal's Delight
:{Choice} Take less carbs!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Azure Dragon, White Tiger, less carbs!
:'''Sunday:''' A dietitian once recommended that I soak medicinal plants in SoulGlad for three days and nights before drinking it to refresh my mind
:'''Sunday:''' I tried it. It tasted like cooling herbal tea
:'''Sunday:''' Mr. Yang and Dan Heng have been busy with the Express. Perhaps this will be helpful for them
:{Choice} You're too kind
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're too kind
:{Choice} I can't wait to eat them
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I can't wait to eat them
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I'll finish all these delicacies
:'''Sunday:''' That's great
:'''Sunday:''' Thank you
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}