<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/The Herta#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1401
|image     = Character The Herta Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = The Herta
|signature = It's me
|faction   = Herta Space Station
}}

==Daily==
===(Trailblazer)===
{{Messages|text=
:'''???:''' (Trailblazer)
:'''???:''' Congratulations on receiving a timed message
:'''???:''' Who do you think I am?
:'''???:''' Hint One: Genius
:'''???:''' Hint Two: Human
:'''???:''' Hint Three: Female
:'''???:''' Hint Four: Young
:'''???:''' Hint Five: Beautiful
:'''???:''' Hint Six: Cute
:{Choice} Who are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Who are you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Scammer?
:{Choice} Aren't we best pals?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Asking that question suggests we're drifting apart
:{Choice} Need testers again?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is the Simulated Universe understaffed?
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Signal tuning in progress
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Signal tuning failed
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Failed to send message
:'''The Herta:''' If you're reading this, chances are Amphoreus has come up with a brilliantly tricky puzzle
:'''The Herta:''' But how could that possibly stump the great Madam Herta?
:'''The Herta:''' Before Madam Herta reveals the answer
:'''The Herta:''' Make sure to stir up some interesting new adventures
:'''The Herta:''' Naturally, I hope you're staying alive
:{Choice} Away on vacation. Do not disturb
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Away on vacation. Do not disturb
:{Choice} I don't get it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't get it. Meet me face-to-face
:{Choice} Save me, Herta!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Save me, Herta!
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Signal tuning failed
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Failed to send message
:{{DIcon|Warning}} You're currently out of the service area. Please try again later
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}