<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Tingyun#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1202
|image     = Character Tingyun Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Tingyun
|signature = Let's talk it out and not fight~
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Seems like you will...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Tingyun:''' Seems like you will take a bit longer to chat with Madam Yukong
:'''Tingyun:''' I'm gonna go have a stroll outside. Once you're done, you can find me at the docks
}}
----

===Benefactor, I'd like to...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Tingyun:''' Benefactor, I'd like to ask you something
:{Choice} What is it?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it?
:'''Tingyun:''' This may be disrespectful, but I'm very curious...
:'''Tingyun:''' Is the Express really here just to help the Xianzhou Luofu solve the Stellaron problem?
:{Choice} Yes. Why?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it really that hard to understand why the Express is here? Can't someone act simply out of the kindness of their heart?
:{Choice} What are you trying to say?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it really that hard to understand why the Express is here? Can't someone act simply out of the kindness of their heart?
:'''Tingyun:''' After all, people who help others without thinking of compensation or risks during the dangerous trips across the cosmos is rarer than air in vacuum
:'''Tingyun:''' When the higher-ups of Xianzhou first heard of your reasons for coming, they thought you were here either to seek immortality or the Stellaron...
:{Choice} Seek immortality?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Seeking immortality is absolutely forbidden on the Xianzhou, no?
::'''Tingyun:''' Yes. As the home of long-life species, countless Elixir Seekers from all corners of the universe come to the Xianzhou to re-enact bygone histories and discover the secret of the Xianzhou residents' immortality
:{Choice} Seek the Stellaron?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Stellarons are the seeds of ruin. Why would the Express want the Stellaron?
::'''Tingyun:''' But not everyone in the cosmos thinks this way. As a seed dispersed by an Aeon, some desire to obtain its power regardless of the cost
:'''Tingyun:''' Apologies, I may have crossed the line. I don't know why I said all this
:'''Tingyun:''' I have absolute trust in your sincerity, benefactor, but the powerful masters are bound to think more than a pawn like me
:'''Tingyun:''' So, please be careful...
}}
----

===Say, did you see that, benefactor?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Tingyun:''' Say, did you see that, benefactor?
:'''Tingyun:''' When the Ebon Deer's stomped the ground, branches sprouted out of nowhere
:{Choice} I saw
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Those must be... the Ambrosial Arbor's roots?
:{Choice} Branches?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Those must be... the Ambrosial Arbor's roots?
:'''Tingyun:''' The celestial traces of Abundance are indeed marvelous to behold
:'''Tingyun:''' This is the first time I've seen something so miraculous among all my travels
:'''Tingyun:''' The fruits on those boughs are sparkling gold, just like what the Xianzhou legends say
:'''Tingyun:''' It is said that in ancient times, the forebears of the Xianzhou received immortal fruits like this of the Ambrosial Arbor and turned into long-life species
:'''Tingyun:''' If I were to eat this fruit, would I obtain endless life just like the Xianzhou natives...?
:'''Tingyun:''' Are you not tempted by such a chance, benefactor?
:{Choice} A dangerous thought...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Miss Tingyun, wouldn't you be breaching the Xianzhou ban?
::'''Tingyun:''' Ahh
::'''Tingyun:''' Please pardon me for my rudeness and my little test
::'''Tingyun:''' As I thought, you are an honest and righteous person, benefactor
:{Choice} Can't leave if you eat it...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' If you eat this fruit, I'm afraid you won't get to live for a thousand years... but executed by the Cloud Knights moments after.
::'''Tingyun:''' You're right, benefactor
::'''Tingyun:''' But if you manage to get past the Cloud Knights' searches
::'''Tingyun:''' This opportunity seems too good to pass up, right?
:{Choice} Oh, I was tempted...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Then... Miss Tingyun... did you save a fruit?
::'''Tingyun:''' If I say yes, would you want to share it with me, benefactor?
:'''Tingyun:''' But I thank you for the thought, benefactor
:'''Tingyun:''' Unfortunately, the Ebon Deer is now dust, and no fruit of the Ambrosial Arbor is left behind
:'''Tingyun:''' Such opportunities are extremely rare, but they slip away in the blink of an eye.
:'''Tingyun:''' Just like life itself...
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}