<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Tribbie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1403
|image     = Character Tribbie Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Tribbie
|signature = Tribbie is always available~
|faction   = Amphoreus
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===Little Gray, are you...===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Tribbie:''' Little Gray, are you free right now?
:{Choice} A combat request?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What is it? Are we busting monsters or people?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' 30% discount for you
:{Choice} Yep, on my way.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' How did you know I'm about to grow mold from boredom?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just send me a word. I'll teleport over there immediately
:'''Tribbie:''' No rush, just a little favor we'd like to ask
:'''Tribbie:''' When we woke up today, our favorite book was gone. We couldn't find it anywhere
:'''Tribbie:''' Trianne is about to cry
:'''Tribbie:''' Trianne did not!
:'''Tribbie:''' Oh me, oh my, at this point, we'll have to find a diviner to help
:{Choice} Aren't you girls diviners?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I thought you know how to do that?
:'''Tribbie:''' It's not the same. Different Fate Titans bring different directives
:'''Tribbie:''' There's a super-duper-mega-ultra powerful diviner in Okhema called Pasithea. Allegedly, she can tell the future just by dreaming
:'''Tribbie:''' However, due to some past circumstances, it's not advisable that we meet her...
:'''Tribbie:''' So
:'''Tribbie:''' Little Gray, please!
:'''Tribbie:''' Pleeeeease!!!
:'''Tribbie:''' Please~
:'''Tribbie:''' All three of us said please, so you must go, okay?
;{Accepted Mission: Disquieting Dream}
}}
----

===Little Gray, did you find Pasithea?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Tribbie:''' Little Gray, did you find Pasithea?
:{Choice} Of course
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Have no fear when I'm on the job
:'''(Trailblazer):''' But I'm currently dealing with something urgent
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Give me some time, and I'll get to the bottom of it when I'm back
:'''Tribbie:''' We don't know what you're facing
:'''Tribbie:''' But keep it up, Little Gray!
}}
----

===Little Gray, what did Pasithea say?===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Tribbie:''' Little Gray, what did Pasithea say?
:{Choice} Lift your pillow
:'''(Trailblazer):''' She asks you to lift your pillow
:'''(Trailblazer):''' And that's it
:'''Tribbie:''' It can't possibly be there
:'''Tribbie:''' We've looked for it high and low
:'''Tribbie:''' AH
:'''Tribbie:''' Found it!!!
}}
----

==Daily==
===Hey, Little Gray!===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Tribbie:''' Hey, Little Gray!
:'''Tribbie:''' Would you like some fresh popcorn? Freshly popped from the rocket~
:{Choice} Coming!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Coming!
::'''Tribbie:''' Hurry! It's tastiest when it's hot
:{Choice} A rocket? For popcorn?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Did you say popcorn?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You actually used a rocket to make it?
:{Choice} Sorry, I'm watching my diet
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sorry, I'm watching my diet
::'''Tribbie:''' Come on, just one bite!
:'''Tribbie:''' Though '''we''' didn't exactly invent rockets for this
:'''Tribbie:''' We imagined people using them to travel between city-states, safe from the black tide
:'''Tribbie:''' And launch big fireworks during festivals
:'''Tribbie:''' Who would've expected Trianne to start carrying corn kernels to make sweet popcorn in a pinch
:'''Tribbie:''' And Trinnon &mdash; who'd have thought she'd get all sleepy after eating and take naps on the rocket, all wrapped up in her little blanket and impossible to wake
:{Choice} The Tribbie Express!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Aha! So, it's like the Tribbie Express!
:'''Tribbie:''' Exactly! Just like in Little Gray's chariot &mdash; traveling, documenting the sights, and taking breaks by the fire
:'''Tribbie:''' It makes me so happy just thinking about it!
:{Choice} Welcome aboard the Express!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You're welcome on the Express anytime!
:{Choice} The Express has its own trio too
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The Express has its own trio too
::'''Tribbie:''' Oh yes! I'd love to meet your friend with the pink hair!
:{Choice} Come take a soak!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' My suite's bath is just as nice as the golden bath. Just one soak and you'll be hooked!
:'''Tribbie:''' Once Little Gray's chariot is ready to fly again, let's journey through the skies together~
:'''Tribbie:''' Can't wait!
}}
----

==='''We''' created a personality...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Tribbie:''' '''We''' created a personality test using divination methods from Janusopolis
:'''Tribbie:''' Each person receives a unique personality name that can't be replicated
:'''Tribbie:''' Agy got Ice-Cold Golden Eggroll, Cas got Rosemary and Wormwood, Snowy got Passionate Hot Pot, De got Pure-Blood T-bone Steak, Cinny got Cloud Bubble Berry Mix, and Dannie got Crisp Lemonade...
:'''Tribbie:''' And Naxy, well he hasn't tried it yet... but '''we''' bet he'd be Crazy Mint Ice Cream!
:{Choice} In that case, I'm Gray Edamame
::'''(Trailblazer):''' In that case, I'm Gray Edamame
::'''Tribbie:''' Wait, can we still include edamame in the results list?
:{Choice} Are Chrysos Heirs edible?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are Chrysos Heirs edible?
::'''Tribbie:''' No, no, of course not! It's just a metaphor!
:{Choice} You must be Warm Apple Pudding Tart
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Oh, I see. Then you must be Warm Apple Pudding Tart
::'''Tribbie:''' Nope, wrong guess
::'''Tribbie:''' It's actually Cozy Warm Apple Pudding Tart
:{Choice} So how does the test work?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' So how does the test work?
:'''Tribbie:''' The complete test takes a while, but '''let's''' look at some key questions
:'''Tribbie:''' Like this one:
:'''Tribbie:''' If you could create unlimited amounts of one thing, what would it be?
:{Choice} Tribbie, of course!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Tribbie, of course!
::'''Tribbie:''' Indeed, there were many of '''us''' before
:{Choice} Stellar Jades, of course!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Stellar Jades, of course!
::'''Tribbie:''' '''We''' love stars too!
:{Choice} Credits, of course!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Credits, of course!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' So everyone can be billionaires
::'''Tribbie:''' That's so kind of you, Little Gray!
:'''Tribbie:''' Do you have any suggestions for test questions?
:{Choice} Would you board the Astral Express?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Given the chance, would you hop aboard the Astral Express?
::'''Tribbie:''' That's a great way to measure someone's sense of adventure!
:{Choice} Would you become the Express's enemy?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Given the chance, would you become the Express's enemy?
::'''Tribbie:''' That's quite an unsettling question...
:{Choice} Would you try coffee on the Express?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Given the chance, would you try coffee on the Express?
::'''Tribbie:''' Hmm, is that question particularly relevant?
:{{DIcon|Warning}} Attachment File sent: ''Janus Destiny Test (985 Questions)''
:'''Tribbie:''' Let '''us''' think
:'''Tribbie:''' Here's the current version, but do tell if you think of anything new
}}
----

===Hey Little Gray, care...===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Tribbie:''' Hey Little Gray, care to solve some riddles with '''us'''?
:'''Tribbie:''' What begins tiny in the morning, grows at noon, shrinks at night, then starts over the next day?
:{Choice} It must be the Tribbie trio!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It must be the Tribbie trio!
:{Choice} It's got to be a seed!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's got to be a seed!
:{Choice} It's my fighting spirit!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It's my fighting spirit!
:'''Tribbie:''' Almost there! The answer is: life
:'''Tribbie:''' Just like seeds, just like '''us''', life continues in endless cycles~
:'''Tribbie:''' Let's try another one
:'''Tribbie:''' What devours all things? It eats birds and beasts, flowers and trees. Bites through iron, corrodes steel, and grinds stones to dust... yet finally drives away night?
:{Choice} Time
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it... "time"?
:'''Tribbie:''' Trianne mentioned that these two riddles stumped most people, which is why she really wanted to test you
:'''Tribbie:''' In fact, this is what '''we''' wanted to tell to you
:{Choice} Trianne...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Trianne...
:{Choice} Life and time...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Life and time...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I see
:'''Tribbie:''' Trianne planted seeds of hope, and time will reveal the flower's answer
:'''Tribbie:''' '''We''' shall meet again where the west wind ends~
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}