<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Xueyi#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 1214
|image     = Character Xueyi Icon.png
|type      = Character
|sender    = Xueyi
|signature = In seclusion. Do not disturb.
|faction   = The Xianzhou Luofu
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===&vert;ω・´)===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Xueyi:''' &vert;ω・´)
:'''Xueyi:''' I heard that three escapees have already been found hiding in the Shackling Prison. The Ten-Lords Commission has also confirmed that the remaining two have passed away.
:'''Xueyi:''' (ﾟωﾟ) I'll have Chiyi prepare some rewards for you. Go find her. She will understand.
:'''Xueyi:''' How are the emoticons?
:{Choice} Feels pretty lively
::'''(Trailblazer):''' They give off a very lively vibe. It's hard to imagine the words are coming from Madam Xueyi
:{Choice} Feels kinda odd
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I don't know why, but they seem kinda odd
:'''Xueyi:''' (`ー´) Think of it as a sudden impulse of mine
:'''Xueyi:''' If you have time, go seek out Chiyi
}}
----

==Daily==
===Got time for a chat?===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Xueyi:''' Got time for a chat?
:{Choice} Sure thing. What about?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sure thing. What do you wanna chat about, Madam Xueyi?
::'''Xueyi:''' You seem to be free, which is great
:{Choice} I thought you never chat
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I thought you were a woman of few words, as you usually seem quite taciturn
::'''Xueyi:''' I do get taciturn
::'''Xueyi:''' But I can talk just as normal
:'''Xueyi:''' Just finished a mission. Got a few perplexities, reckon I could inquire of thee?
:'''Xueyi:''' The Ten-Lords Commission was notified that someone had been flooding the internet with claims "I'm mara-struck"
:'''Xueyi:''' There were lots of posts like that
:'''Xueyi:''' It seemed to be a call for help
:'''Xueyi:''' So, I went and did some sleuthing
:{Choice} The mara-struck claim is real?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The mara-struck claim isn't real, right?
::'''Xueyi:''' No
::'''Xueyi:''' He doesn't even have any early symptoms of it
:{Choice} Was it just some internet shenanigans?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' I reckon it was just some internet shenanigans, right?
::'''Xueyi:''' Seems like you have crossed paths with many who are full of hot air
::'''Xueyi:''' He isn't mara-struck, and he doesn't even have any early symptoms of it.
:'''Xueyi:''' I have some free time now after making sure he's not mara-struck.
:'''Xueyi:''' So, why does he go around and tell everyone he is mara-struck? I'm baffled.
:{Choice} He is using it as a get-out-of-jail-free card
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Perhaps, by claiming so, he can use it as a get-out-of-jail-free card
::'''(Trailblazer):''' "Don't mess with me, because I'm mara-struck." Something like that
::'''Xueyi:''' I see. Now I get it
::'''Xueyi:''' In other words, he doesn't want to be responsible for his words and actions
:{Choice} It could be just a playful remark
::'''(Trailblazer):''' It could be just a self-deprecating and playful remark. I've seen similar ones
::'''(Trailblazer):''' "I could have become mara-struck without you!" Something like that
::'''Xueyi:''' Do people think it's funny?
::'''Xueyi:''' Seems like I don't have a good sense of humor?
:'''Xueyi:''' To me, being mara-struck isn't something one should joke about
:'''Xueyi:''' Thank you. I've learned a lot from this conversation
}}
----

===(Trailblazer), I need your advice.===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Xueyi:''' (Trailblazer), I need your advice.
:{Choice} Advice?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Sure thing. What is it about, Madam Xueyi?
::'''Xueyi:''' Thank you.
:{Choice} Are you sure about that?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Are you sure about that? My advice might not be advisable. Do take it with many a grain of salt
::'''Xueyi:''' Good enough for me
:'''Xueyi:''' You know my sister, Hanya, don't you? She works in the netherworld and is always on duty
:'''Xueyi:''' I'd like to send her a gift
:'''Xueyi:''' I'm not good at choosing gifts, so I'd like to ask for your advice
:{Choice} Fancy clothing, beauty products etc.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Madam Hanya is very pretty. I'm sure you won't go wrong with getting her some nice clothing or beauty products
::'''Xueyi:''' Yeah, she's pretty
::'''Xueyi:''' But I'm bad at choosing such gifts
:{Choice} Simple words of appreciation
::'''(Trailblazer):''' You don't always have to send physical stuff. Sometimes, just a simple "thank you" will do
::'''Xueyi:''' I've told her that many times before
::'''Xueyi:''' It's not enough
:{Choice} What does Hanya like?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' To send someone a gift, we need to know their preferences first. What does Madam Hanya like?
::'''Xueyi:''' She likes to write novels
::'''Xueyi:''' But she doesn't need any more stationery or books
:'''Xueyi:''' If there's nothing special with the gift, I bet she'll just take it and put it aside
:'''Xueyi:''' Is there a more suitable gift for someone like my sister?
:{Choice} Time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' This may sound a little abstract, but I think what Madam Hanya needs is time.
:{Choice} Company
::'''(Trailblazer):''' This may sound a little abstract, but I think what Madam Hanya needs is company
:'''(Trailblazer):''' You can go shopping or watch an immersia with her. Spending time with her is your gift to her
:'''Xueyi:''' I never thought of this...
:'''Xueyi:''' I'll ask her
:'''Xueyi:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer)
:'''Xueyi:''' Huohuo's right to say that I need advice from someone mortal
:'''Xueyi:''' Sorry, wrong words
:'''Xueyi:''' I meant to say someone who lives in the mortal world
:'''Xueyi:''' Until next time
}}
----

===&vert;ω・´)===
{{Messages|text=
:'''Xueyi:''' &vert;ω・´)
:'''Xueyi:''' &vert;ー`)
:'''Xueyi:''' &vert;-`)
:'''Xueyi:''' &vert;
:{Choice} Madam Xueyi, what happened to you?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Madam Xueyi, what happened to you? What's going on?
::'''Xueyi:''' Nothing.
:{Choice} Please return the jade abacus to its owner
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Please return the jade abacus you found to its owner &mdash; Madam Xueyi from the Ten-Lords Commission
::'''Xueyi:''' I AM Madam Xueyi
:{Choice} (;ﾟдﾟ) Stop right there!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (;ﾟдﾟ) Stop right there!
::'''Xueyi:''' I'm not going anywhere
:'''Xueyi:''' I'm just trying out the emoticons
:'''Xueyi:''' Huohuo says I'm often expressionless
:'''Xueyi:''' And even my text messages sound too serious
:'''Xueyi:''' Per her suggestion, I am now testing these emoticons
:'''Xueyi:''' (´_っ`)
:'''Xueyi:''' What do you think?
:{Choice} I'm not quite used to it
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Truth be told, I'm not quite used to it. This isn't the Madam Xueyi I'm familiar with.
::'''Xueyi:''' Hmm
::'''Xueyi:''' I don't think there's much difference.
:{Choice} What do you think of it yourself?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Before asking for my opinion, why don't you find out what you think of it yourself?
::'''Xueyi:''' Hmm
::'''Xueyi:''' I don't think there's much difference
:{Choice} What does Huohuo think?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' What about Huohuo, who made the suggestion? What does she think?
::'''Xueyi:''' She told me not to send these emoticons to anyone
::'''Xueyi:''' I don't think there's much difference
:'''Xueyi:''' (ﾟ3ﾟ)
:{Choice} I'm now fine with you using them
::'''(Trailblazer):''' This feels kind of odd, but I'm now fine with you using them
::'''Xueyi:''' (´ー`)
:{Choice} Please stop using them...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Please stop using these emoticons. It's so not you
::'''Xueyi:''' (`ー´)
:'''Xueyi:''' I just copy and paste the emoticons I find interesting. Don't know what they mean
:'''Xueyi:''' Already not planning to use them after this
:'''Xueyi:''' Copying them is a hassle
:'''Xueyi:''' (ﾟωﾟ)
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}