{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 134-0
|image         = undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei;Fuli;Mythus;Nous;Screwllum
}}
'''Unknown Event 134-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' "Hey (Trailblazer), wait up! The Simulated Universe data shows that your cognition has expanded once again." [[Herta]] is somewhat surprised. "Do you feel like your mind is on fire? I think the load might be too great on you. Hey, Stephen! Can we bypass the demise of our data in the war this time? We don't feel any pain, but I really don't want to see our deaths again!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's continue. I feel good.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to keep going...
:'''Herta:''' "Sure, but you don't have a choice, actually... Your feelings don't matter to Droidhead. All right... Stephen got disconnected." Herta's face is slightly gloomy. "(Trailblazer), let's keep moving forward first. You can lie down for a bit if you want. [[Nous]]'s calculations are unavoidable anyway. When you meet Them is also within Their calculations. What you will see during the course, They are also lucidly clear."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm lying down for a while.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's keep moving.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You receive no response. You keep moving forward, and barge into a strange area. It is as if this is a space devoid of color and shape. Your body and mind feel soothed, for even your brain is becoming "unthought."
:'''Fuli:''' And then, Their breath turns to *warmth* that pounces on your face. You can feel yourself sealed in a *neutral Memory Bubble*. You ready yourself to receive the memories of even more people, and extend your hand to touch them, but you realize that this place isn't space! You are surrounded by bobbing memories, uncatchable Memory Bubbles! Through touch, many voices fall inside your mind's stream...
:'''Fuli:''' {{Color|Keyword|Eden of Blessed Insight argues that a more massive, horrifying war will erupt when a certain anti-virus program is activated.}}
:'''Fuli:''' {{Color|Keyword|Anti-virus emotions rare disease &mdash; certain unknown emotion decrypts anti-password &mdash; it thinks running the energy breaks the fundamental program.}}
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "Ooh, err... I'm really sorry." Stephen Lloyd appears, hesitantly pausing the Simulated Universe. "That was... I should explain it to you. You... intruded on [[Fuli]]'s Eden of Blessed Insight."
:'''The Enigmata:''' Eden of Blessed Insight? Before you can even react, you feel everything around you turning into shadowy bubbles and pulling away in an instant. You notice that in the quickly-shrinking reflection of Eden of Blessed Insight, multicolored oil oozes out from the floating Memory Bubbles... Wait, that isn't Fuli! That is &mdash;
:'''The Enigmata:''' The Enigmata [[Mythus]]! Their body refracts *colors* and *radiance* that do not exist in existence. The rays envelop them in a rounded triangle. They then turn into kaleidoscopic fibers that dance about in the sky. They leave behind secreted light... Maybe it was intentional! Those speckled, shimmering symbols, intertwine around themselves, prancing about in the vacuum, boiling, becoming ashen drawings, turning into countless jellyfish tentacles, and erasing all traces on the path with their metaphors and illusive, layered mountain peaks.
:'''The Enigmata:''' In a flash, it is as if you see their kneaded figure form some kind of equation... But very quickly they congeal into a jellyfish. And then they scatter again.
:'''Ruan Mei:''' "The next moment has not arrived." [[Ruan Mei]] says. "Perhaps due to the Enigmata's effect, but the data has become a pool of glue. We cannot extrapolate the whereabouts of the Eden of Blessed Insight's presence."
:'''Herta:''' "Mm, don't think too hard. Admiring the sight from here is pretty nice too." Herta closes her eyes and starts humming a tune. "So what if it affects us? I know that Droidhead. Their moments will not be disrupted. Where is the Eden of Blessed Insight? Maybe it's beyond the universe, who knows. How lives who have never seen war arrive at that place... Maybe it was something that Fuli left behind."
:'''Screwllum:''' "Some familiar data has surfaced at the Eden of Blessed Insight, which is of great note to me." [[Screwllum]] is silent for a moment, after which he speaks. "Phenomenon: After IPC caused the Borderstar Trade War, inorganic life began their activity in the universe for unknown reasons. Affirmation: IPC is a threat to inorganics."
:'''Herta:''' "Activity?" Herta asks. "What kind of activity? Is it good or bad?"
:'''Screwllum:''' "Behavior, emotions, body temperature, rise and fall, massacre, chaos, and disorder. Perhaps the appearance of the Enigmata was to erase some certainties..." Screwllum's components whir harder for a few seconds &mdash; he closes his eyes. "Conclusion: Something terrible has happened. 'Sadness' is my emotion."
:'''Stephen Lloyd:''' "Hide... quickly..." Stephen Lloyd has seen something on the computer, his pupils becoming dilated, as if he is going into shock. "I have extrapolated... Err, all life in this domain is about to die again. War has occurred in the universe... Err... Second time...?!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = 
|zhs   = 
|zht   = 
|ja    = 
|ko    = 
|es    = 
|fr    = 
|ru    = 
|th    = 
|vi    = 
|de    = 
|id    = 
|pt    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
