<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost-Hunting Squad: Silver Medallion#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015171
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost-Hunting Squad Silver Medallion.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = Luofu Myths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = Guinaifen finished the recording of the "Fan Q&A" session at a scenic spot.<br />Has Guinaifen actually been quite gracious to her fans?
|characters    = Guinaifen; Huohuo; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*3; Silver Subscription Commemorative Medallion*1; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost-Hunting Squad: Silver Medallion''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Discuss with the ghost-hunting squad
# Head to Starskiff Haven and talk with Guinaifen

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Discuss with the ghost-hunting squad{{subst:void|<!--801517101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|Guinaifen seems to have something she wants to discuss with the ghost-hunting squad...<br />Listen to her and find out what new incident has gone down.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; 801517101p)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Joyful"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Guinaifen:''' Is everyone here? Then I'll begin! Ahem!
::'''Guinaifen:''' If everyone could please turn their eyes toward me, I've an announcement to make:
::'''Sushang:''' The last time I heard this kind of talk was back during the Cloud Knights' basic training...
::'''Guinaifen:''' Basically, I got a parcel recently. And when I opened it, there was a Silver Subscription Commemorative Medallion from the Ghostly Grove website.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Basically, if you get a hundred thousand subscribers, then you will get this silver medallion.
::'''Guinaifen:''' After the silver one comes a gold medallion for a million subscribers, so the silver medallion is quite valuable indeed.
::'''Guinaifen:''' To put it another way, we've all put out so much high-quality content that our fanbase for the account has been rapidly increasing. If you ask me, this is thanks to everyone's efforts, and so that's why I've called everyone over...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Congratulations! How delightful!
:::'''Sushang:''' Same to you!
:::'''Huohuo:''' Me too!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Besides the medallions, is there any practical value?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Nope! As you know, the Ghostly Grove is a small paranormal-themed website. The silver medallions dished out aren't even made out of real silver.
:::'''Sushang:''' This really is a cause for celebration. How about we go to the Aurum Alley for a meal?
::'''Guinaifen:''' I've called everyone over because I think we each have an equal share in this medallion.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Each one of us forms an indispensable part of the squad. Without everyone chipping in, there'd never be such a flashy program.
::'''Guinaifen:''' That's why, I want to "give" this medallion... to everyone.
::'''Sushang:''' It's just one medallion. Hold onto it yourself.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How are you going to "give" it away?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You hold onto it.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Shangshang's right. There's only one of these and it can't be split up. And anyway, this achievement is also impossible without our fanbase supporting us...
::'''Guinaifen:''' So after racking my brains &mdash; I've decided to upload a video to my personal account on the Ghostly Grove as an acceptance speech. And also... do an ask-me-anything segment with fans so I can give a little something back!
::'''Guinaifen:''' I hope (Trailblazer) can help out too, as you have lots of ideas and general knowledge. You can help me choose questions, record video content and stuff... like being on camera together with me!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get social anxiety. Is it cool if I don't?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' No no no! Everyone has to show their face. If you don't agree, then I'm definitely going to single you out and shoot an extreme close-up of just your forehead!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine. The more close-ups the better!
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Heehee, no problem!
::'''Guinaifen:''' That's it then!
::{{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; 801517102p)
:An avalanche of questions overwhelms you, and you almost get lost inside this social network that's sometimes witty, sometimes harsh, sometimes warm, and even sometimes touching.
::Coming back to your senses, you have come to rely on your own superior sense of morality. And based on your understanding of Guinaifen from these past few days, you keep flipping through the options.
::As the deadline for submitting questions approaches, Guinaifen asks you to shoot the location for the Q&A segment. You pick out a few interesting questions before you go.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Let me think. Why don't we just shoot over at Starskiff Haven?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go!
:::'''Guinaifen:''' I'll go look for a place now. Come over soon.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You go first and I'll catch up.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' See you there.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Starskiff Haven and talk with Guinaifen{{subst:void|<!--801517103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Guinaifen mentions she wants to record the "Fan Q&A" at somewhere with a good scenary.<br />You can review the fans' questions, then bring the list to find her in Starskiff Haven.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; 801517103p)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801517103,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"isRange": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			5
		]
	}
}</pre>
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why did you become a vlogger?
::'''Guinaifen:''' Because... the timing and circumstances were just right. I can perform in front of a camera, and I get to interact with everyone in real-time, so it's exciting. And I like it! Don't you think it's kind of awesome to make a living like this?
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Your Xianzhou dialect is really fluent. Where did you learn it?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Thank you for the compliment, boss! In a nutshell, just seize every chance you get to talk. Talk and practice as much as you can!
:::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your favorite thing about the Xianzhou culture?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' The food! There's so much delicious food! I personally love a few revered old classics over on the Aurum Alley. They're both cheap, and delicious!
:::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do your vlogs use special effects?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' No way! Let me state AGAAAAIN for who-knows-how-many-times now:
:::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And that's all.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Whew &mdash; right on time for my tea break.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Have you finished with the questions over there? C'mon c'mon c'mon! I've got some questions with me here that I've collected up just for you...
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Ahem, here's this one:
:::'''Guinaifen:''' "I often see Little Gui together with this tall gray-haired hot {{MC|f=girl|m=guy}}. Is {{MC|f=she|m=he}} single?"
:::'''Guinaifen:''' (Trailblazer), why don't you say a few words for everyone!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm single.
::::'''Guinaifen:''' Wow! I hope you're satisfied with the answer to that question there, boss!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Er, I'm taken.
::::'''Guinaifen:''' Really!? Tsk tsk, I can smell the sour scent of love from here!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm divorced.
::::'''Guinaifen:''' I didn't realize that. Someone so young already experiencing all the trials and tribulations of love...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm widowed.
::::'''Guinaifen:''' Huh!?
::::'''Guinaifen:''' Waaaaait a minute... are you punking me? Hey, don't mess around like that, or they will think you really mean it!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm still a minor. You shouldn't be asking!
::::'''Guinaifen:''' (Trailblazer) might be tall but {{MC|f=she|m=he}}'s still a youth. Come on, listeners. Let's ask some proper questions!
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Looks like (Trailblazer) is quite popular with our fans. Hey, (Trailblazer), why are you blushing?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's blushing? Not me!
::::'''Guinaifen:''' I'm just trying to make it more viral to sell the show. Don't worry about it.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This kind of question is really, y'know...
::::'''Guinaifen:''' Huh? You really are blushing now. Ha, that's pretty cute.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I&mdash;It's just the lighting effects...
::::'''Guinaifen:''' You're shy! Heehee, you always look so tough. I never thought you'd be so cute when it comes to personal questions like this.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Fine then, let's fast forward on to the next question:
:::'''Guinaifen:''' "Will your team keep streaming in the future?" This one... Let me answer this one for everybody.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' We'll definitely keep streaming in the future, but everyone has their own lives to live, so it's hard to line everyone up. Remember to follow our channel and enable notifications.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' We'll send out a notification for the stream before we head out. Keep an eye out for it if you like live streams, and see if those little hands of yours can click you a fortune. Don't forget to Like and Subscribe!
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Alright. We're done after we finish recording this section. Viewers all like real reacts. I just made small edits...
:::'''Guinaifen:''' ...Will do. We'll do the usual &mdash; you do the posting.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Whatever shall I do with you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me post it! I'm the best at posting!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost-Hunting Squad: Silver Medallion
|zhs  = 捉鬼小队•银色奖牌
|zht  = 捉鬼小隊•銀色獎牌
|ja   = 怪異退治隊・銀メダル
|ko   = 요괴 퇴치팀•실버 메달
|es   = Brigada cazafantasmas: placa de plata
|fr   = Brigade de chasse aux fantômes&nbsp;: Trophée argent
|ru   = Охотники за привидениями: Серебряная медаль
|th   = หน่วยล่าท้าผี: โล่เงิน
|vi   = Biệt Đội Bắt Ma - Huy Hiệu Bạc
|de   = Geisterjägertrupp: Silberne Plakette
|id   = Tim Pemburu Hantu: Plakat Perak
|pt   = Esquadrão Caça-Fantasmas: Medalhão Prateado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
