<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost-Hunting Squad: Gold Medallion#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015172
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost-Hunting Squad Gold Medallion.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = Luofu Myths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = Guinaifen has captured the moment when your account reaches a million fans.<br />You have captured this moment, which will become a cherished memory in time.
|characters    = Curious Spectator; Excited Spectator; Guinaifen; Huohuo; Shocked Spectator; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Gold Subscription Commemorative Medallion*1; Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*3; "Nesting Avians"*1 { text = "Nesting Avians" }; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost-Hunting Squad: Gold Medallion''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Discuss with the ghost-hunting squad
# Head to Exalting Sanctum and wait for Guinaifen's directions
# Head to Aurum Alley and wait for Guinaifen's directions
# Head to Fyxestroll Garden and wait for Guinaifen's directions
# Take a photo with the ghost-hunting squad
# Speak to Guinaifen

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Discuss with the ghost-hunting squad{{subst:void|<!--801517201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|Guinaifen seems to have something she wants to discuss with the ghost-hunting squad...<br />Listen to her and find out what new incident has gone down.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; P_801517201)
:'''Guinaifen:''' Hello, chat!!
::'''Guinaifen:''' All eyes on me, please! I've an announcement to make!
::'''Sushang:''' Again?
::'''Guinaifen:''' ...No, I'm backing out. Something this important has to be covered... over at the Exalting Sanctum!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} *sigh* Just tell them here and now.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Nope. Where's your sense of ceremony when it comes to life!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think I know what's going on here...
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Shhh, put a sock in it. No leaks! Snitches get stitches!
::'''Huohuo:''' Looks like good news. Let's go.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} C'mon, let's go.
::'''Guinaifen:''' See you soon in the Exalting Sanctum.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Exalting Sanctum and wait for Guinaifen's directions{{subst:void|<!--801517202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Guinaifen isn't spilling all the beans and says she'll tell you the good stuff in Exalting Sanctum.<br />However, you figured everything out just by looking at the fan numbers. Please don't spoil her small surprise before you meet her in Exalting Sanctum.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; P_801517202)
:'''Guinaifen:''' I'll keep it quick: A cycrane just delivered us a package. Opening it up, I saw...
::'''Sushang:''' Another silver medallion!
::'''Huohuo:''' They wouldn't send out another one of those things, would they?
::'''Guinaifen:''' Nope, it's a gee-oh-el-dee GOLD medallion &mdash; for getting to one million subs!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Congratulations are in order!
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Thank you so much.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The legendary gold medallion! That must be precious.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' As far as I'm aware, there's no higher medallion on offer. So yes, it's indeed quite precious.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Thank you so much to everyone who helped us get our silver medallion. It seems like just yesterday... but now we've already smashed through the million subs mark &mdash; and of course, it's all thanks to everyone's support, too.
::'''Guinaifen:''' We'll have to eat, drink, and make merry of course in celebration &mdash; but... I think what's more important right now is that we acknowledge how hard it's been for the four of us to make this team and put together such outstanding results.
::'''Guinaifen:''' I think, we should at least commemorate the occasion somehow, such as a celebration live stream or something else. What do you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of commemoration were you thinking?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Shooting a vlog, and then taking some group photos or whatever.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm down for anything. Up to you.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Don't worry. I've been waiting for just this moment.
::'''Guinaifen:''' I want to revisit everywhere I've vlogged before, but together with you guys too... Then, I'll mix and splice that into scenes from those old streams. I think... it'll be really interesting, and also really memorable.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Aurum Alley and wait for Guinaifen's directions{{subst:void|<!--801517203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|Guinaifen has some popularity in Aurum Alley since she had done restaurant-visit videos there.<br />That place is special for her. Is it special for you as well? Head there first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; P_801517203)
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Fyxestroll Garden and wait for Guinaifen's directions{{subst:void|<!--801517204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|When Guinaifen visited the haunted Fyxestroll Garden, she ended up by chance to be charged with running Ghostly Grove. You know the rest.<br />Fyxestroll Garden is also a special place for her. Go with her according to her plans.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Guinaifen)
:'''Guinaifen:''' The final stop is... Fyxestroll Garden, where we've all adventured before.
:'''Guinaifen:''' Despite being scared by the horrors here, this is where the meteoric rise of my vlogging career really took flight...
:'''Sushang:''' That's right, even though it usually scares me half to death...
:'''Huohuo:''' But if we stick together, there's nothing to be afraid of.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's not sensationalize things. You promised a happy surprise.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Don't worry. You'll find out soon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a good way of putting it. Give me a few more lines.
::'''Sushang:''' Let me think about it...
::'''Sushang:''' Anyway, it's a nice memory for everyone. We're all veterans of Fyxestroll Garden now.
:'''Guinaifen:''' This place seems... like a great place to make a memory... How does everyone feel about taking a team photo?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll take the pic.
::'''Guinaifen:''' You have to be in it, too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's going to take the photo, then?
::'''Guinaifen:''' I brought my cycrane.
;(Unused &mdash; P_801517204)
:'''Guinaifen:''' The final stop is... Fyxestroll Garden, where we've all adventured before.
::'''Guinaifen:''' Despite being scared by the horrors here, this is where the meteoric rise of my vlogging career really took flight...
::'''Sushang:''' That's right, even though it usually scares me half to death...
::'''Huohuo:''' But if we stick together, there's nothing to be afraid of.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's not sensationalize things. You promised a happy surprise.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Don't worry. You'll find out soon.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a good way of putting it. Give me a few more lines.
:::'''Sushang:''' Let me think about it...
:::'''Sushang:''' Anyway, it's a nice memory for everyone. We're all veterans of Fyxestroll Garden now.
::'''Guinaifen:''' This place seems... like a great place to make a memory... How does everyone feel about taking a team photo?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll take the pic.
:::'''Guinaifen:''' You have to be in it, too.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's going to take the photo, then?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' I brought my cycrane.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo with the ghost-hunting squad{{subst:void|<!--801517207-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|Guinaifen wishes to keep this significant moment.<br />No other words are needed. Go and take a photo of this moment.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}



;(Talk to Guinaifen)
:{{tx}}
:'''Guinaifen:''' You should interact with the fans more. This is the fruit of our collective labor.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just basking in the ambience, and was thinking of leaving...
::'''Guinaifen:''' I understand, but I have something to tell you.
::{{tx}}
::'''Guinaifen:''' You should interact with the fans more. This is the fruit of our collective labor.
::I'm just basking in the ambience, and was thinking of leaving...
::'''Guinaifen:''' I understand, but I have something to tell you.
::I was planning to enjoy the bustling ambience a little longer...
::'''Guinaifen:''' That's right. This should be how it's done. Come look for me when you're done basking. I've got something to tell you.
::'''Guinaifen:''' After coming to Xianzhou, I tried all sorts of things: Acrobatics, store visits, streaming, and the ghost-busting stuff with our ghost-hunting squad. I'm really blessed, especially with the milestones reached with this account...
::'''Guinaifen:''' The past me would have never dared to even dream of this!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} On hindsight, this account should have been called Baseballer Hero...
:::'''Guinaifen:''' ...I wasn't really thinking that far back then. Besides, you're also "LilGuiGuinevere" right now.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have a natural charisma that makes you popular...
:::'''Guinaifen:''' ...I admit that I come with my own fanbase, but it's also thanks to you all.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The account's fan count is rising so fast that it's a little fake...
:::'''Guinaifen:''' ...That's what I also thought before, but that's just proof of how "LilGuiGuinevere" is truly popular.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801517208,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"isLocal": true,
		"isRange": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::'''Guinaifen:''' You should interact with the fans more. This is the fruit of our collective labor.
::I'm just basking in the ambience, and was thinking of leaving...
::'''Guinaifen:''' I understand, but I have something to tell you.
::I was planning to enjoy the bustling ambience a little longer...
::'''Guinaifen:''' That's right. This should be how it's done. Come look for me when you're done basking. I've got something to tell you.
::'''Guinaifen:''' After coming to Xianzhou, I tried all sorts of things: Acrobatics, store visits, streaming, and the ghost-busting stuff with our ghost-hunting squad. I'm really blessed, especially with the milestones reached with this account...
::'''Guinaifen:''' The past me would have never dared to even dream of this!
::On hindsight, this account should have been called Baseballer Hero...
::'''Guinaifen:''' ...I wasn't really thinking that far back then. Besides, you're also "LilGuiGuinevere" right now.
::You have a natural charisma that makes you popular...
::'''Guinaifen:''' ...I admit that I come with my own fanbase, but it's also thanks to you all.
::The account's fan count is rising so fast that it's a little fake...
::'''Guinaifen:''' ...That's what I also thought before, but that's just proof of how "LilGuiGuinevere" is truly popular.
::'''Guinaifen:''' This account may be called "LilGuiGuinevere," but it's not mine alone. "LilGuiGuinevere" bears many people's expectations &mdash; it stopped being just one person a long time ago.
::'''Guinaifen:''' I can't always be an eternal ray of sunshine like "LilGuiGuinevere" is. I also can't always be "LilGuiGuinevere" with her razor-sharp wit and how she's adored by so many.
::'''Guinaifen:''' I couldn't have done it alone &mdash; it was thanks to you, the ghost-hunting squad, and the unity of our fans that this was achieved. So I was thinking of troubling you once more &mdash; to post the photograph of all of us on Ghostly Grove.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Whatever shall I do with you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me post it! I'm the best at posting!
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I was planning to enjoy the bustling ambience a little longer...
::'''Guinaifen:''' That's right. This should be how it's done. Come look for me when you're done basking. I've got something to tell you.
::{{tx}}

;(Talk to Huohuo)
:'''Curious Spectator:''' Hey miss, how'd you manage to do that? Your tail is sparkling.
:'''Huohuo:''' It's... it's... it's a secret. I can't tell you.
:'''Curious Spectator:''' Oh, it's probably your family's secret fur-care routine. I won't ask any more questions.
:'''Curious Spectator:''' I have to say, you really are so cute.
:'''Huohuo:''' Thank you. Thanks for the compliment.
:'''Huohuo:''' ...M&mdash;Miss Guinaifen, Fyxestroll Garden is a really dangerous place, especially with so... many... people...
:'''Huohuo:''' There're too many people. I'm starting to feel a little... dizzy...

;(Talk to Sushang)
:'''Shocked Spectator:''' Young girl, while watching your stream, I kept wanting to ask &mdash; that sword always looks so heavy. Is it real, or fake?
:'''Sushang:''' Of course it's real~ My mama gave it to me, and I had to practice for an eternity before I could manage to lift it.
:'''Shocked Spectator:''' Wow, what incredible skill!
;(Unused &mdash; P_801517205)
:{{tx}}
::----
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak to Guinaifen{{subst:void|<!--801517208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|It seems Guinaifen still has something to say to you.<br />You've edited plenty of LilGuiGuinevere posts and this will be no exception. Go and chat with Guinaifen.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Listen)
:'''Curious Spectator:''' Hey miss, how'd you manage to do that? Your tail is sparkling.
:'''Huohuo:''' It's... it's... it's a secret. I can't tell you.
:'''Curious Spectator:''' Oh, it's probably your family's secret fur-care routine. I won't ask any more questions.
:'''Curious Spectator:''' I have to say, you really are so cute.
:'''Huohuo:''' Thank you. Thanks for the compliment.
:'''Huohuo:''' ...M&mdash;Miss Guinaifen, Fyxestroll Garden is a really dangerous place, especially with so... many... people...
:'''Huohuo:''' There're too many people. I'm starting to feel a little... dizzy...

;(Talk to Listen)
:'''Shocked Spectator:''' Young girl, while watching your stream, I kept wanting to ask &mdash; that sword always looks so heavy. Is it real, or fake?
:'''Sushang:''' Of course it's real~ My mama gave it to me, and I had to practice for an eternity before I could manage to lift it.
:'''Shocked Spectator:''' Wow, what incredible skill!

;(Talk to Listen)
:'''Excited Spectator:''' Wow, you're even more pretty in real life than on the vlog!
:'''Excited Spectator:''' Ah, that's not to say that you're not pretty when on stream...
:'''Guinaifen:''' It's fine. I get it. The camera adds ten pounds.

;(Talk to Listen)
:'''Excited Spectator:''' Wow, you're even more pretty in real life than on the vlog!
:'''Excited Spectator:''' Ah, that's not to say that you're not pretty when on stream...
:'''Guinaifen:''' It's fine. I get it. The camera adds ten pounds.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost-Hunting Squad: Gold Medallion
|zhs  = 捉鬼小队•金色奖牌
|zht  = 捉鬼小隊•金色獎牌
|ja   = 怪異退治隊・金メダル
|ko   = 요괴 퇴치팀•골드 메달
|es   = Brigada cazafantasmas: placa de oro
|fr   = Brigade de chasse aux fantômes&nbsp;: Trophée or
|ru   = Охотники за привидениями: Золотая медаль
|th   = หน่วยล่าท้าผี: โล่ทอง
|vi   = Biệt Đội Bắt Ma - Huy Hiệu Vàng
|de   = Geisterjägertrupp: Goldene Plakette
|id   = Tim Pemburu Hantu: Plakat Emas
|pt   = Esquadrão Caça-Fantasmas: Medalhão Dourado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
