<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Luofu Myths: Soul Departure#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015153
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Luofu Myths Soul Departure.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = Luofu Myths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = The Ghostly Grove offers a myriad of uncanny stories, including rumors about the uncanny return of a deceased woman.<br />The only good heliobus is a captured heliobus. The only place they should go is the Suppression Tower in Fyxestroll Garden.
|characters    = "Insomnophile"; Guinaifen; Hanya; Huohuo; Ruoxi; Sushang; Trailblazer; Unfamiliar Man; Wenyuan
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*20; Traveler's Guide*3; Condensed Aether*2; Lost Gold Fragment*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Luofu Myths: Soul Departure''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Ask the poster for more details
# Head to Aurum Alley and talk to Wenyuan
# Meet up with Huohuo
# Unveil the truth to Wenyuan
# Capture the heliobus and take it away from Wenyuan
# Cast the heliobus into the suppression tower
# Visit Wenyuan and check on him
# Talk to Huohuo and post about the anomaly having been resolved
# Talk to Guinaifen and post about the anomaly having been resolved

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That look in his eye... Surely he's waiting to meet up with someone here, right? He must be the person Little Gui asked me to find.)
:'''Guinaifen:''' Everyone see the link just now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That thing. I suspect it's haunted...
::'''Sushang:''' I've seen this immersia before: A dead bank employee protects his former girlfriend... Don't tell me it's actually real?
::No doubt about it: Heliobi!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No doubt about it: Heliobi!
:'''Guinaifen:''' If you told me heliobi did this, I'd hardly be surprised.
:'''Guinaifen:''' Getting back on topic... when did going home... become so tempting?
:'''Sushang:''' Focus now! And also, that's really freaky...
:'''Huohuo:''' Very freaky!
:'''Huohuo:''' If it weren't for the fact that OP made up the whole thing, then I'd definitely say it was a heliobi haunting.
:'''Huohuo:''' Some heliobi will take advantage of a victim's deepest desires to call forth all kinds of illusions. They torture the victim, draining them of all emotions and desires... putting them in grave danger!
:'''Guinaifen:''' I understand. Ghost-hunting squad: Move out!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give me an address. I'll go and check it out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you could please arrange, m'lord, I shall humbly oblige.
::'''Huohuo:''' Oy...
:'''Guinaifen:''' I PMed the OP and he sent me an address. (Trailblazer). Could you please go and check that out?
:'''Huohuo:''' I... I'll head over once I take care of something first. Looks like it's over to you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Still thinking about Tail?
::'''Huohuo:''' ...Yeah. It won't take very long. I&mdash;I'll be there real soon...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. Take your time. No rush.
::'''Huohuo:''' Mmm, thanks. I'll be over real soon...
:{{tx}}
:You tell Guinaifen about Wenyuan and his situation.
:'''Guinaifen:''' I see. Huohuo doesn't know whether she was right or wrong. But when is she ever going to get a simple case of right and wrong in this world of ours?
:'''Guinaifen:''' Anyway, the whole thing's over and done with now. Let's post up to the Ghostly Grove, okay?
:'''Huohuo:''' I can understand Mr. Wenyuan's sentiments. It's hard to accept someone leaving; I'm the same. Sigh...
:'''Guinaifen:''' Don't be sad, Huohuo. Let me take you out to the Spices Supreme.
:'''Huohuo:''' No no, we still have lots to get done...
:'''Guinaifen:''' Leave Huohuo with me, and leave the work to (Trailblazer). If Sushang were in, she'd be sure to agree with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on then, Huohuo.
::Go on then, Huohuo.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take me with you!
::Take me with you!
:{{tx}}
:{{Black Screen|Guinaifen takes good care of the down-in-the-dumps Huohuo. Food always has the power to cure a heavy heart.}}
:{{Black Screen|As for Wenyuan and Ruoxi? I trust they'll give you an explanation of their own.}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask the poster for more details{{subst:void|<!--801515302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|You and your fellow ghost-hunters browse Ghostly Grove, discussing which rumors and anomalies might be caused by heliobi. Accurately distinguishing them requires 99 percent common sense and one percent intuition &mdash; some call it intuition, some call it psychic powers.<br />A post titled "My neighbor's dead wife seems to have come back" strikes an incongruous chord in your mind. You decide to meet the person who made the post.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Unfamiliar Man)
:'''Unfamiliar Man:''' That, uh... You, uh...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you "Insomnophile"?
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' Shivers, that's the first time I ever heard someone say my name out loud IRL. Gives me goosebumps...
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' That's right... I am... I'm uh... My name's... I'm "Insomnophile"...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Send him a PM right then and there)
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' Ah, don't worry about it... Err... My name is "Insomnophile"...
::'''"Insomnophile":''' Little Gui sent you, right? I thought I'd be meeting up with her in person.
::'''"Insomnophile":''' It's like this... My neighbor is this old foxian grandpa who lives by himself called Wenyuan.
::'''"Insomnophile":''' Wenyuan is an introvert who keeps to himself and hardly ever gets to interact with anyone. But recently at night there's been this laughter coming from his place. Somehow, this guy has turned into a person filled with radiant joy.
::'''"Insomnophile":''' One time I bumped into him at the market and asked him about it. He told me, it was his wife Ruoxi finally coming home after over thirty years abroad.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} All of this was covered already in your post.
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' That's on me for writing everything so clearly in my post. I didn't leave any room for suspense...
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' You should let me tell you the rest of the story.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What's so strange about that?
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' Being reunited with one's wife in one's old age... It sounds beautiful, no? But the problem is, his wife died long ago.
::'''"Insomnophile":''' I remember when they married, as a neighbor I congratulated them in person. Unfortunately, these two did not live happily ever after. Ever heard of the great Battle of Fanghu thirty years ago? Ruoxi... she sacrificed her life in that battle...
::'''"Insomnophile":''' And yet... here she was again.
::'''"Insomnophile":''' I don't actually believe in ghosts or anything, let alone coming back from the dead... I posted this on that spooky thread just because I didn't know whom to turn to for help.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Unless... she really IS alive?
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' It's not entirely impossible... But back then, her jade abacus and death notice were both mailed back. Old Wenyuan even held a foxian memorial ceremony, as is custom. I remember it crystal clear.
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' Naturally, we can't rule out the Reignbow Arbiter's protection... But if she really IS all safe and sound, shouldn't she have come back a little earlier?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...How can I find them?
:::'''"Insomnophile":''' This morning I heard him say that he was going shopping around the Aurum Alley with his "wife." You should be able to find him there.
:'''"Insomnophile":''' This morning I heard him say that he was going shopping around the Aurum Alley with his "wife." You should be able to find him there.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That look in his eye... Surely he's waiting to meet up with someone here, right? He must be the person Little Gui asked me to find.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1219500,
	"ShowNotice": false
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1219500
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Aurum Alley and talk to Wenyuan{{subst:void|<!--801515304-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|You make your way to Aurum Alley with the intention of meeting the widower mentioned in the post.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Where are they going to be...)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (If the wife is actually a heliobus illusion, it must have a weakness.)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Looks like Huohuo found them first. Let's go meet up with her.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet up with Huohuo{{subst:void|<!--801515305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|How will a husband, who has been immersed in eternal mourning, react to the sudden return of his long-deceased wife? And why has this reborn "wife," whom you can't tell if she is actually human, returned from the underworld?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Unveil the truth to Wenyuan{{subst:void|<!--801515306-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|How will a husband, who has been immersed in eternal mourning, react to the sudden return of his long-deceased wife? And why has this reborn "wife," whom you can't tell if she is actually human, returned from the underworld?<br />After thorough investigation, you decide to unveil the truth to Wenyuan.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Wenyuan)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Use the Harmonic Chime)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Hollowing",
	"SubMissionID": 801515306
}</pre>
:'''Wenyuan:''' Ruoxi... Ruoxi? Ruoxi, what's wrong with you?
:'''Ruoxi:''' No! Don't look at me, please... turn around...
:'''Wenyuan:''' What have you ruffians done? Put up your dukes!
:'''Ruoxi:''' Hang on, Wenyuan... Let me and {{MC|m=him|f=her}} have a chat.
:'''Ruoxi:''' So I can't hide anything from a Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. Fine... Are you here to arrest me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wenyuan, see for yourself &mdash; it's a heliobus!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wenyuan, why are you still not coming around?
:'''Wenyuan:''' ...
:'''Wenyuan:''' Ah... Do you think I didn't know? That I was too stupid to realize...? What'd you have to lay it all out like that for?
:'''Ruoxi:''' Wenyuan, don't say that. {{MC|m=They|f=They}} are from the Ten-Lords Commission, so... they do things by the book.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you were voluntarily deceived?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand. Both of you are actors.
:'''Ruoxi:''' At first it was like you said: I disguised myself as Ruoxi in the vain hopes of cheating him. But haha, Wenyuan is a very smart man and he probably saw straight through everything at first sight.
:'''Ruoxi:''' These happy days we've been spending together have been nothing more than a tacit game of playing house...
:'''Ruoxi:''' But this feeling, it's real.
:'''Ruoxi:''' I once thought that as a being of Starfire Essence, I never needed to love or be loved, but I was wrong... so I beg you, please don't let me lose what we've only just gained.
:'''Huohuo:''' Miss Ruoxi... If I'm not mistaken, Mr. Wenyuan has changed much since the two of you met... Have you noticed that despite not taking possession, you still unintentionally consume the host's body...
:'''Ruoxi:''' ...You're right. I'm being selfish...
:'''Wenyuan:''' Ruoxi! You know, I never cared about any of that.
:'''Wenyuan:''' ...I'll soon wither away from exposure to a heliobus, I already know that. {{MC|m=Dude|f=Lady}}, this is just what I used to research back in my days studying at the Xianzhou Zhuming's academy.
:'''Ruoxi:''' ...I'm sorry... Right from the very start, I never should have...
:'''Wenyuan:''' Don't say that. Seeing you one more time is a price paid by a lifetime of conserved luck.
:'''Wenyuan:''' {{MC|m=Dude|f=Lady}}, I know you have to act according to the rules of the Ten-Lords Commission... but I'm asking you to relax just a little. Once we've spent our final moments together, she will definitely come for you.
:'''Ruoxi:''' Yes... Please give us a little more time, and then... I will dutifully go with you.
:Huohuo looks a little awkward. She hopes you can help her come to a decision.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We can't let Wenyuan wither away. Arrest the heliobus.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801515306,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let the heliobus go for now. It's for the best...
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801515306,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Huohuo)
:'''Huohuo:''' (Wenyuan is already completely enraptured by the heliobus &mdash; Ruoxi. Try using the Harmonic Chime.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Capture the heliobus and take it away from Wenyuan{{subst:void|<!--801515307-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|You decide to take away this heliobus metamorphed into human form.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Abundance Sprite: Golden Hound*2/+20% ATK, +50% HP; Mara-Struck Warden*1/+20% ATK, +50% HP{ text = Ruoxi's Illusion }}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimelinePrefab",
	"PrefabPath": "CutSceneSpecial/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd.prefab",
	"AreaName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AreaName"
	},
	"AnchorName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AnchorName"
	}
}</pre>
:'''Ruoxi:''' I'm sorry, Wenyuan... I can't go with you any more.
:'''Wenyuan:''' Ruoxi... Ruoxi... Give her back to me. I beg you, please. I'll give you anything, even my life... Give Ruoxi back to me, I beg you. Please give her back...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry. These are the rules of the Ten-Lords Commission.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It will really kill you...
:'''Wenyuan:''' I know. I understand... But I'm begging you, please don't take her away. Don't take her away...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cast the heliobus into the suppression tower{{subst:void|<!--801515309-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|The only good heliobus is a captured heliobus. The only place they should go is the Suppression Towers in Fyxestroll Garden.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Longevity Pill of Cruelty|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Hanya)
:'''Hanya:''' Despite getting everything right, the results can still leave us feeling unhappy... That's the job of the Ten-Lords Commission. That's the job of a Judge.
;(Unused &mdash; Trigger_801515309)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Visit Wenyuan and check on him{{subst:void|<!--801515310-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|As you stick to the straight and narrow and strictly dole out justice as an executor of the Ten-Lords Commission's will, you feel no concern about all this. However, you still can't help but think how will the man manage after his "wife" was forcibly taken away?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Wenyuan)
:'''Wenyuan:''' If there's nothing else, please go.
:'''Wenyuan:''' Ruoxi... Sigh...
::'''Wenyuan:''' I remember you. You're from the Ten-Lords Commission! Why have you come back here?
::'''Huohuo:''' I...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to help you.
:::'''Wenyuan:''' Save it... haven't you already helped me enough?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to apologize to you.
:::'''Wenyuan:''' Apologize? What for, you're just doing what's right. That's all you care about, isn't it?
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take this medicine here and you will feel much better...
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 801515310,
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
			"SubmissionID": 801515310,
			"MissionCustomValue": {
				"Index": 1,
				"Name": "OldValue_1",
				"isLocal": true,
				"ValidValueParamList": [
					1,
					2
				]
			},
			"CustomValue": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimeline",
			"TimelineName": "Story/Discussion/Mission/8015153/DS80151531404.playable",
			"Type": "Discussion",
			"Parameters": []
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
			"SubmissionID": 801515310,
			"MissionCustomValue": {
				"Index": 1,
				"Name": "OldValue_1",
				"isLocal": true,
				"ValidValueParamList": [
					1,
					2
				]
			},
			"CustomValue": 2
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Huohuo and post about the anomaly having been resolved{{subst:void|<!--801515311-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Regardless, the incident has been resolved. It is time to post on Ghostly Grove, as per usual.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Huohuo)
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
:'''Wenyuan:''' Thank you. I know you have your orders from the Ten-Lords Commission. I sincerely appreciate your decision.
:'''Wenyuan:''' Now whatever happens next is going to be my own decision, and has nothing to do with you... You don't have to bear any guilt or shame about this.
:'''Ruoxi:''' Wenyuan... Is this really for the best? You... do you really want to give up so much?
:'''Wenyuan:''' I've already spent thirty long hard years waiting for you to come back. Maybe it'll be quick, or maybe it'll take forever before I can finally find relief.
:'''Wenyuan:''' But now... you're back, back at my side. Even if you're not really you... even if you're just a joke of fate, I am still happy.
:'''Wenyuan:''' Thank you, no matter who you are, "Ruoxi."
:'''Wenyuan:''' We should get out of here. Goodbye, Miss Judge, and to you, {{MC|m=dude|f=lady}}.
:'''Huohuo:''' Are we... Is this for the best? How about we go back to Fyxestroll Garden and talk things over with Guinaifen first...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand your concerns.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} After all, this is not in line with the Judge's decision...
:'''Huohuo:''' Let's go...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Guinaifen and post about the anomaly having been resolved{{subst:void|<!--801515313-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Relaxing",
	"SubMissionID": 801515313
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|You tell Guinaifen about Wenyuan and his situation.}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Luofu Myths: Soul Departure
|zhs  = 罗浮异闻•离魂记
|zht  = 羅浮異聞•離魂記
|ja   = 羅浮異聞・離魂記
|ko   = 나부 기문•육체를 떠난 혼의 이야기
|es   = Leyendas urbanas del Luofu: Experiencia extracorporal
|fr   = Mythes du Luofu&nbsp;: Départ de l'âme
|ru   = Городские легенды Лофу: Внетелесный опыт
|th   = ตำนานพิศวงเมือง Luofu: วิญญาณที่หลุดลอย
|vi   = Kỳ Bí Luofu - Ly Hồn Ký
|de   = Legenden der Luofu: Außerkörperliche Erfahrung
|id   = Legenda Urban Luofu: Pengalaman Keluar Tubuh
|pt   = Lendas do Luofu: Partida da Alma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
