<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Luofu Myths: Pillow Whisper#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015156
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Luofu Myths Pillow Whisper.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Luofu Myths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Qingque"; Aged Security Guard; Another Fu Xuan; Creative Developer; Fu Xuan; Huohuo; Pushy Operations Staff; Qingque; Striving Developer; Tail; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Illusory Maze: Dynasty Corp Entrance]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Illusory Maze: Dynasty Corp Entrance
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*20; Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*2; Lost Gold Fragment*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Luofu Myths: Pillow Whisper''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] in the chapter [[Luofu Myths]].

==Steps==
# Talk to the aged security guard
# Meet Qingque face to face
# Open ten chests
# Open another ten chests

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to the aged security guard{{subst:void|<!--801515601-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Illusory Maze: Dynasty Corp Entrance|The Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery has been transformed into a security room at the gates of a corporate building, and the Cloud Knight have become an aged security guard &mdash; Qingque's nightmare about getting rich is actually quite ambitious of her. You wonder how you should address her when you meet? General Qingque? Or President Qingque? Whatever. Seeing how long the que is, you decide to skip it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:'''Aged Security Guard:''' Hold it, may I ask if you are here for an interview or a business proposition?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to see Qingque!
::'''Aged Security Guard:''' Qingque? You mean President Qing?
::'''Fu Xuan:''' President Qing? Is that how she sees herself in her fantasy?
::I'm here for a fight!
::'''Tail:''' Abandoning useless communication and getting straight to the point, alright. Huohuo, you could learn a thing or two.
::'''Tail:''' You tell that heliobus squirming within that little girl to get itself out here right now!
::'''Aged Security Guard:''' ...
::'''Aged Security Guard:''' You're here to cause trouble, aren't you? This enterprise is property of the Luofu Dynasty Corp! This is not some boxing gym you can just come and pick fights in!
::'''Aged Security Guard:''' I will not tolerate troublemakers! I will show you the strength of the Xianzhou Luofu Exalting Sanctum's women's self defense champion!
::How about a game of Celestial Jade?
::'''Aged Security Guard:''' I'm working! Read the room.
::'''Huohuo:''' What are you talking about, (Trailblazer)... How is this the time for Celestial Jade?
::'''Huohuo:''' Hello, we know Miss Qingque! We are her close friends!
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How long will that take?
:::'''Aged Security Guard:''' Maybe a week, maybe a few months, who knows? That guy at the front of the queue has been waiting for three months.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...So, we'll have to do this with violence?
:::'''Tail:''' Fight! Fight! I want to see rivers of blood!
:::{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here for a fight!
::'''Tail:''' Abandoning useless communication and getting straight to the point, alright. Huohuo, you could learn a thing or two.
::{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about a game of Celestial Jade?
::'''Aged Security Guard:''' I'm working! Read the room.
::'''Huohuo:''' What are you talking about, (Trailblazer)... How is this the time for Celestial Jade?
::'''Huohuo:''' Hello, we know Miss Qingque! We are her close friends!
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How long will that take?
:::'''Aged Security Guard:''' Maybe a week, maybe a few months, who knows? That guy at the front of the queue has been waiting for three months.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...So, we'll have to do this with violence?
:::'''Tail:''' Fight! Fight! I want to see rivers of blood!
:::{{tx}}
;(Enter battle)
::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''???:''' Not so fast! I know this {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr}} (Trailblazer), {{MC|f=she|m=he}} was a friend with President Qing before her great success.
:'''Huohuo:''' Another master diviner?
:'''Fu Xuan:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's going on with the master diviner?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Master diviner, this is just a fantasy!
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' I am no longer the master diviner, please do not call me that again.
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' I am no more than a mere employee under the flag of the Luofu Dynasty Corp... I use my limited vision to predict stock fluctuations for President Qingque.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Master diviner, do you see this...
::'''Fu Xuan:''' You don't need to rub it in...
::'''Fu Xuan:''' That.... she... I can't believe she made me a mere underling in her corporation!
::(Remain silent)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain silent)
:'''Fu Xuan:''' It seems that she isn't even slightly grateful for my teachings. In fact, it seems they've left a shadow on her psyche.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What has President Qing done to you...
::'''Another Fu Xuan:''' P&mdash;President Qing has been extremely kind to me!
::'''Fu Xuan:''' Eurgh! You pathetic wimp!
::What about your work in the Divination Commission?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about your work in the Divination Commission?
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' The Divination Commission... is now the Celestial Jade Commission... Everyone is using Celestial Jade for divination, and it is much more effective than the Matrix of Prescience.
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' I lost my job because of this. Thankfully, President Qingque was magnanimous enough to forgive me for my past wrongs, and gave me an easy job so I could scrape a living. My gratitude to President Qing!
:'''Fu Xuan:''' Eurgh! You pathetic wimp!
:'''Huohuo:''' Ah, please don't take this to heart, Lady Fu Xuan! This is an illusion! Just a fantasy!
:'''Tail:''' Hehe, there is no use tearing your throat apart screaming at a dummy. If it's a game of property trading board game she's after, we'll give it to her.
:'''Huohuo:''' You have a point, Mr. Tail. Ahem, Miss Fu Xuan of the Dynasty... Corp... Would you be able to take us to meet with President Qingque?
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Of course! President Qing has been talking about (Trailblazer) for years.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I bet you didn't realize I was so popular, did you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The concept of time in this illusion is a mess...
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Come with me. President Qing wishes to meet with you and rekindle your old friendship.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet Qingque face to face{{subst:void|<!--801515604-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Illusory Maze: Dynasty Corp Headquarters|update|You meet Qingque, who has been consumed by her own ambitions. She feels rather... alien to you, but regardless, she decides to offer you a chance to get rich. You certainly can't say that she didn't look after you as a friend.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingque)
:'''Huohuo:''' This... is the Palace of Astrum, isn't it?
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Ah, you misunderstand. This is the Jade Tile Parlor now. With her great foresight, President Qing bought the Palace of Astrum out long ago.
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Guests, President Qing is just over there inspiring her employees. I shall take my leave.
:'''Qingque:''' I ask that when you propose creative ideas, that you find paths for tile games like Celestial Jade to diversify. Create a new industry ecology and access the pressure points of consumers directly to ignite user demand. Remember, our slogan is: "Celestial Jade creates happiness!"
:'''Pushy Operations Staff:''' Our operations department plans to implant more micro-payments for Celestial Jade. We plan to create customizable paid content for tile backs, game tables and players&mdash;
:'''Qingque:''' Strictly speaking: Tiles, hands, and players are all separate entities. Charging separately for them and breaking down user payments to further exploit payment potential is only logical!
:'''Qingque:''' Our competitors like to use our lack of "game modes" as criticism. Tell me, what new game modes have you all come up with?
:'''Creative Developer:''' President Qing, look! We fully understand that our players do not enjoy turn-based combat, so we have designed a real-time Jade Tile battle mode named: "League of Jade Tiles"!
:'''Striving Developer:''' President Qing, this is "Tiles and Dungeons," it is an RPG in which players can play as different classes with various different abilities!
:'''Qingque:''' Good! Very good! All of these ideas are perfect. With these improvements, even the Bavirus will be obsessed with Jade Tiles in no time!
:'''Qingque:''' ...It seems that my guests are growing impatient. You get on with research and development, I have private affairs to tend to.
:'''Qingque:''' Even after all these years, you haven't changed a bit, (Trailblazer). What a pleasure!
:'''Qingque:''' I imagine you've heard of my success and have decided to join us in promoting the great cause that is Celestial Jade across the galaxy?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm actually here to bring you back to reality.
::'''Huohuo:''' Miss Qingque, you have been possessed by a heliobus and fallen into an abnormal illusion. We're here to help you escape.
::'''Qingque:''' An illusion? You're saying that my self-made career is just a dream? How could that be? How could these years of struggle and hard work and the joy of my successes all be fake?
::I heard you wanted to see me.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right. I was hoping to reminisce over the past with you as an old friend, but time is money. Let's get straight to the point.
::Actually, the master diviner is worried about you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard you wanted to see me.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right. I was hoping to reminisce over the past with you as an old friend, but time is money. Let's get straight to the point.
::Actually, the master diviner is worried about you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Actually, the master diviner is worried about you...
:'''Qingque:''' The master diviner? Heh, if it isn't Little Xuany! What are you doing here slacking off, get to work!
:'''Huohuo:''' Stay calm, master diviner! This is all just an illusion!
:'''Fu Xuan:''' Humph! I know that, of course! Y&mdash;Yes President Qing, I will get to work now.
:'''Qingque:''' Back to the point! (Trailblazer), if I hadn't met you all those years ago, I would never have gathered the courage to quit my job and start my business. What was it you said to me back then? "The gears of fate are beginning to turn..."
:{{tx}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Unremarkable Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Ordinary Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Unspectacular Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Average Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Common Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Unpretentious Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Lackluster Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Unnoteworthy Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Swarthy Trash|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Numbers-got-Nerfed Trash|20|x=1}})
:'''Qingque:''' My Luofu Dynasty Corp is dedicated to providing the most satisfying service to game players across the entire universe!
:'''Qingque:''' Unfortunately, the rules of Celestial Jade are outdated. If we want different cultures across the entire universe to go crazy for it, we have to give it a new lease on life!
:'''Qingque:''' You just saw lots of different game modes for Jade Tiles, they all have a lot of potential. But I am convinced that none of them have the wide appeal of this mode before you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's this?
::'''Qingque:''' Mystery boxes!
::Jade Tile promotional chests?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Jade Tile promotional chests?
:'''Qingque:''' No, I plan to introduce mystery boxes into Celestial Jade!
:'''Qingque:''' Players will open random chests and have a chance to receive Jade Tiles missing from their decks. One draw can mean the difference between victory and defeat!
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; propdisable)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300012
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Open ten chests{{subst:void|<!--801515606-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Open another ten chests{{subst:void|<!--801515607-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Unremarkable Trash|20|x=3}})
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:<!--2-second delay-->
:{{tx}}
:'''Qingque:''' Well?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No way? It's all useless rubbish.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there no 10x draw guarantee?
:'''Qingque:''' There must have been something wrong with the drop rate, I'll boost the drop-rate of Golden Legends right now.
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002,
		300003,
		300004,
		300005,
		300006,
		300007,
		300008,
		300009,
		300010,
		300011,
		300012
	],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitUIControllerClose",
	"UIControllerName": "RareRewardHintDialog"
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
:'''Qingque:''' What do you think, (Trailblazer)? Do you love how it feels?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Golden... trash?
::'''Qingque:''' What matters is how it feels! Do you not feel overjoyed seeing its golden sparkle as it appears from the chest?
::This is not Celestial Jade!
::'''Qingque:''' This is Celestial Jade! As the person that rediscovered and promoted this game, I am far more qualified than you to decide the form that Celestial Jade takes!
::Drawing cards won't make the game itself more fun...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is not Celestial Jade!
::'''Qingque:''' This is Celestial Jade! As the person that rediscovered and promoted this game, I am far more qualified than you to decide the form that Celestial Jade takes!
::Drawing cards won't make the game itself more fun...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Drawing cards won't make the game itself more fun...
:'''Qingque:''' (Trailblazer), you've changed. You used to be so joyful and selfless, now you're picky and fickle. I feel like I... don't know you anymore.
:'''Qingque:''' If you don't enjoy this, I will have you stay here and open chests until you can fully appreciate the fun!
:{{tx}}
:'''Qingque:''' What do you think, (Trailblazer)? Do you love how it feels?
:Golden... trash?
:'''Qingque:''' What matters is how it feels! Do you not feel overjoyed seeing its golden sparkle as it appears from the chest?
:This is not Celestial Jade!
:'''Qingque:''' This is Celestial Jade! As the person that rediscovered and promoted this game, I am far more qualified than you to decide the form that Celestial Jade takes!
:Drawing cards won't make the game itself more fun...
:'''Qingque:''' (Trailblazer), you've changed. You used to be so joyful and selfless, now you're picky and fickle. I feel like I... don't know you anymore.
:'''Qingque:''' If you don't enjoy this, I will have you stay here and open chests until you can fully appreciate the fun!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Oh no! The heliobus is trying to use this as a way to trap me...)
:As you consider how to escape, there is a hurried knocking on the door as someone charges in...
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' P&mdash;President Qing, we're in huge trouble!
:'''Qingque:''' What is it?
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' I have terrible news. The Interastral Peace Entertainment has created a knock-off of Celestial Jade!
:'''Qingque:''' What? File a lawsuit, now! I'm suing them for copyright infringement!
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Uhm... There's actually worse news to come! The IPC have already gotten ahead of us to announce the new product!
:'''Qingque:''' ...Agh! Curse them! We just need a few technical adjustments... (Trailblazer), should I take a gamble on this new game mode?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a big gamble, my friend!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can afford the risk, my friend!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why not save yourself the risk, my friend!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've told you what I think, my friend!
:'''Qingque:''' You're right, I have to bet everything I have! Xuan, launch our emergency assets...
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' We've already been bottom-fished by the IPC, they've bought out all of the Dynasty Corp's stocks.
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' It's a total wipeout, my friend.
:'''Qingque:''' Why? Why has it come to this?
:Qingque's voice gradually grows more high-pitched and shrill, echoing across corner of the room.
:'''"Qingque":''' Y&mdash;You useless fool! You're fired!
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Hmph, President Heliobus really has a ferocious temper...
:'''Another Fu Xuan:''' Even an aloof young girl like Qingque has been trapped in the vortex of fame and fortune. Although when it comes down to it, these are nothing more than fantasies used to deceive the host. One push and they come crumbling down.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're... the real master diviner!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nice work, I almost fell for your bluff!
:'''Fu Xuan:''' I am nothing like that imposter! I thought such a thing would be clear to you at a single glance!
:'''Fu Xuan:''' What do you think? I put a little plan together and easily crushed their dreams!
:'''"Qingque":''' The dream I have given Qingque will not be so easily crushed! (Trailblazer), listen to me, I have a way to make everyone rich!
:'''"Qingque":''' You sign a contract with me as a representative of the Astral Express, then we can spread Celestial Jade to even more remote worlds! With the Express, we can get to untapped markets before the IPC does. What do you think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not a great plan...
::'''Fu Xuan:''' It's terrible! Don't go encouraging a happy young girl to go chasing dreams of delusional fame and riches, heliobus!
::It's not practical or realistic.
::'''Fu Xuan:''' You have great aspirations, but the Nameless will not indulge you.
::Leave Qingque's body, now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not practical or realistic.
::'''Fu Xuan:''' You have great aspirations, but the Nameless will not indulge you.
::Leave Qingque's body, now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave Qingque's body, now!
:'''Fu Xuan:''' That's right, digging into the mind of my subordinate and planting unrealistic and foolish fantasies like this is unforgivable!
:'''Fu Xuan:''' It's time for you to finish your mission, Judge, (Trailblazer). Separate Qingque from this thing!
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimelinePrefab",
	"PrefabPath": "CutSceneSpecial/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd.prefab",
	"AreaName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AreaName"
	},
	"AnchorName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AnchorName"
	}
}</pre>
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Luofu Myths: Pillow Whisper
|zhs  = 罗浮异闻•枕中记
|zht  = 羅浮異聞•枕中記
|ja   = 羅浮異聞・夢の中
|ko   = 나부 기문•침중기
|es   = Leyendas urbanas del Luofu: Recuerdos de la almohada
|fr   = Mythes du Luofu&nbsp;: Chuchotement d'oreiller
|ru   = Городские легенды Лофу: Записи из подушки
|th   = ตำนานพิศวงเมือง Luofu: บันทึกใต้หมอน
|vi   = Kỳ Bí Luofu - Lời Thì Thầm Của Gối
|de   = Legenden der Luofu: Die Welt auf einem Kissen
|id   = Legenda Urban Luofu: Cerita Indah di Balik Bantal
|pt   = Lendas do Luofu: Sussurros do Travesseiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
