<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Luofu Myths: Specterlight Records (Continued)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015163
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Luofu Myths Specterlight Records (Continued).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = Luofu Myths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = The Ghostly Grove offers a myriad of uncanny stories, including rumors about a camera that captures things that do not exist.<br />The only good heliobus is a captured heliobus. The only place they should go is the Suppression Tower in Fyxestroll Garden.
|characters    = Arkeri; Guinaifen; Hungering Heliobus; Huohuo; Mara-Struck Soldier; March 7th; Sushang; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*20; Traveler's Guide*3; Condensed Aether*2; Lost Gold Fragment*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Luofu Myths: Specterlight Records (Continued)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Discuss with the ghost-hunting squad
# Go to the Astral Express and speak with March 7th
# Investigate in the Astral Express
# Go to Scalegorge Waterscape and complete Arkeri's journey
# Go to the location in March 7th's photo
# Take a group photo
# Go to the Astral Express and decide upon Arkeri's fate
# Cast the heliobus into the suppression tower

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Discuss with the ghost-hunting squad{{subst:void|<!--801516303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|Guinaifen seems to have something she wants to discuss with the ghost-hunting squad...<br />Listen to her and find out what new incident has gone down.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; 8015163p)
:{{tx}}
::'''Guinaifen:''' (Trailblazer), have you seen that post? I talked to the OP, and she claimed that she knew you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} March 7th?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She had a paranormal encounter?
::'''Sushang:''' Does that mean the requester is someone you know?
::'''Guinaifen:''' Yes, Miss March 7th is a member of the Express' Nameless and (Trailblazer)'s important companion.
::'''Huohuo:''' Come to think of it, we saw a heliobus wandering around her the last time, and it suddenly disappeared... Could it be related to this event?
::'''Guinaifen:''' No point in making wild guesses here. Since the requester is a member of the Crew, we'll leave this matter to you, (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to the Galactic Baseballer.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Giving all the tough work to me, huh?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' Hey, I put all my trust in you. Moreover, you know the requester well, so it's easier for you to handle it.
:::'''Sushang:''' Is interacting with Miss March 7th... a tiresome job?
:::'''Guinaifen:''' It shouldn't be. I believe (Trailblazer) was only kidding.
::'''Huohuo:''' Here... take this talisman with you. Place it on the suspect and you'll know if that person has been possessed by the heliobus.
::{{tx}}
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Astral Express and speak with March 7th{{subst:void|<!--801516304-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Parlor Car|update|You guessed it right. The poster this time is March 7th. She noticed that her photos are always capturing things that shouldn't be there. Maybe there's actually something wrong with the Express, and it should be investigated.<br />Speak to March 7th first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; 801516304p)
:{{tx}}
::'''March 7th:''' (Trailblazer), you're finally back!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
::'''March 7th:''' After bidding goodbyes to you and Huohuo that day, I returned to the Express to look at my photographs, and guess what?
::{{tx}}
::----
::'''March 7th:''' (Trailblazer), you're finally back!
::What happened?
::'''March 7th:''' After bidding goodbyes to you and Huohuo that day, I returned to the Express to look at my photographs, and guess what?
::'''March 7th:''' All my beautiful photos &mdash; and I do mean all &mdash; have these new and weird shadows inside them. It's so scary.
::'''March 7th:''' Say, do you think this Express is haunted? What should I do...
::You explain to March 7th about the ghost-hunting squad and the talisman.
::'''March 7th:''' Oh... In other words, this talisman is the same as the one you pasted on me previously.
::'''March 7th:''' That sounds like a great idea. We can use it to check every member of the Crew, and we will be able to find the one possessed by the heliobus in no time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go.
:::'''March 7th:''' Great! Sounds like we're investigating a case.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stay here and don't wander around.
:::'''March 7th:''' Huh? Don't fly solo. Count me in too!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can take some pictures there and come back.
:::'''March 7th:''' Ugh... You're trying to get rid of me. No way, this time, I'm coming too!
::'''March 7th:''' Don't worry. I'm experienced. When Huohuo placed it on me, I observed how she did it. This time, I want to try placing a talisman on someone else.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate in the Astral Express{{subst:void|<!--801516305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Parlor Car|update|You guessed it right. The poster this time is March 7th. She noticed that her photos were always capturing things that shouldn't be there. Maybe there's actually something wrong with the Express, and it should be investigated.<br />Check if any of the Express Crew members are possessed by heliobi.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


:{{tx}}
:'''March 7th:''' This shouldn't be the case. Everyone on the Express is normal. Where could the heliobus be hiding?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps the problem lies with you...
:'''March 7th:''' Me? How can it be? Didn't you test me the last time?
:{{tx}}
----
:'''March 7th:''' This shouldn't be the case. Everyone on the Express is normal. Where could the heliobus be hiding?
:Perhaps the problem lies with you...
:'''March 7th:''' Me? How can it be? Didn't you test me the last time?
:'''March 7th:''' Forget it. Come and slap it on me again.
:You carefully check March 7th's entire person. Finally, the talisman begins to glow. The source of the problem lies with... March 7th's camera.
:'''March 7th:''' I can't believe... it's really me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is one of the fragments that escaped the other day.
:'''March 7th:''' Oh, no wonder the talisman doesn't react when it's on me. It turns out that the heliobus was hidden in my precious camera! Dastardly!
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing in the camera?
::'''Arkeri:''' I don't know what fragmented me...
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why did you look for March?
::'''Arkeri:''' I've never thought of draining a human. I was just... attracted by her vibe. I couldn't help but get closer to her.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you think I should do with you?
::'''Arkeri:''' In ancient times, beyond my memory, the ancestral heliobi wandered around the universe without any intention or worries... And I think that was pretty good.
::'''Arkeri:''' I intend to follow my ancestor's example &mdash; leave the Xianzhou, rejoin the universe, and live a life of freedom. I don't get along well with the heliobi that feed on humans' emotions.
::'''Arkeri:''' ...I know it's hard to fulfill this wish. So, no matter what you plan to do with me, please allow me to see the scenery in those photos first.
::'''Arkeri:''' If I'm sealed with my regrets, I won't be able to burn brightly anymore!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} March, what do you think?
::'''March 7th:''' Hmm... You mentioned before that a heliobus' possession will do a lot of harm to the host. However, I haven't felt anything so far, which means it hasn't done any harm to me.
::'''March 7th:''' And since it appreciates my photos, how can it be bad!?
::'''March 7th:''' So... I don't see what's wrong with fulfilling its wish. Coincidentally, I plan to walk around the Luofu again to take more pictures, shopping, and enjoy the delicacies. I'll bring it with me then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go. Time to shop and eat!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} All you know is to eat...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure, but I'll accompany you.
::'''Arkeri:''' Thank you... There are still many kind people in the world.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Scalegorge Waterscape and complete Arkeri's journey{{subst:void|<!--801516311-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|The innocent heliobus was drawn to adventure. Perhaps the rare sights found in Scalegorge Waterscape can satisfy their curiosity.<br />Join March 7th and Arkeri on a journey to the Scalegorge Waterscape.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''Arkeri:''' This place is so big!
:'''March 7th:''' Yeah, this place has the best view on the Xianzhou.
:'''March 7th:''' Let me be your guide today, little ember.
;(Unused &mdash; 801516312p)
:'''March 7th:''' Here we are~
::'''March 7th:''' Occasionally, dragons appear in the water here. I was surprised when I first saw them.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There're also dragons on the other side.
::'''March 7th:''' Oh, really? Why haven't I noticed it?
::{{tx}}
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the location in March 7th's photo{{subst:void|<!--801516312-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Your adventures in Scalegorge Waterscape have sparked great curiosity in Arkeri. Introduce them to the wonders of this place.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; 801516313p)
:{{tx}}
:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''March 7th:''' Hmm, what happened here is still fresh in my mind.
;(Unused &mdash; 801516314p)
:'''Hungering Heliobus:''' An inferior shell on the verge of becoming a flesh-coffin...
::'''Hungering Heliobus:''' This brain contains numerous emotions. But what a pity. There isn't any happiness left in it. There's only bitter hatred and the feeling of disappointment... *sigh* There's no value in tasting it.
::'''Mara-Struck Soldier:''' Ughhhh...
::'''Hungering Heliobus:''' Following the trails of human thought, I was hoping to taste some flavor to quell my hunger...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another escaped heliobus!
::----
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*2/+20% ATK, +40% HP; Mara-Struck Warden*2/+20% ATK, +40% HP}}
:'''Hungering Heliobus:''' What a tenacious will for battle! Cold and resolute.
:'''Hungering Heliobus:''' Dull humans! I'm unlucky enough to possess a mara-stuck body, and now, I encounter vicious bandits like you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Vile ghost, do you recognize this item?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shut up and go in!
:'''Hungering Heliobus:''' Ughhhhhhh!
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimelinePrefab",
	"PrefabPath": "CutSceneSpecial/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd.prefab",
	"AreaName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AreaName"
	},
	"AnchorName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AnchorName"
	}
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a group photo{{subst:void|<!--801516316-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|This time, please make sure to capture Arkeri in the photo instead of as a "ghostly figure."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


:'''March 7th:''' Hey, your photography skills are improving. No wonder I have you acting as my personal photographer~
:'''Arkeri:''' It's getting late. Thank you, March. I... should return to the cage now.
:'''Arkeri:''' Heliobi are very dangerous to humans, aren't they? I guess it's better for me to rest in the dark.
:'''March 7th:''' Is that really what you think, Arkeri?
:'''Arkeri:''' What I really think...
:'''Arkeri:''' I want to go beyond the sky. I don't know how the future will be like, but I'm also keen to experience that peacefulness you mentioned, March.
:'''March 7th:''' What do you think, (Trailblazer)?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry. I need to follow the rules.
::'''March 7th:''' Uh, that's true... After all, you came here for this mission.
::'''March 7th:''' But... the heliobus said it wants to leave the Xianzhou. Seeing that it didn't cause any harm, perhaps we can consider its suggestion?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to release it somewhere among the stars.
::'''March 7th:''' Yes, I want to let it go on an adventure, too. We're all companions trying to "Trailblaze" our own paths, right?
::'''March 7th:''' But with regard to the Ten-Lords Commission... you probably need to give them an explanation. And besides, this little guy didn't cause any harm.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I... haven't thought of it. What do you think?
::'''March 7th:''' This little fellow is right. It can no longer strut around on the Xianzhou.
::'''March 7th:''' But I still wish to release it into the universe. After all, its kind's from there.
:'''March 7th:''' I'll return to the Express for now. Let me know once you've made your decision!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Astral Express and decide upon Arkeri's fate{{subst:void|<!--801516317-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Parlor Car|update|Regardless, you've concluded Arkeri's journey, and their path must now be decided.<br />Once you're prepared, it's time to chat with March 7th.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to March 7th)
:'''March 7th:''' (Trailblazer), have you decided on what to do with them?
:'''Arkeri:''' I fully trust you, (Trailblazer). Your choice shall be my choice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Release them back to outer space.
::'''March 7th:''' Great! Let's get to it then.
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801516317,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I shall obey the laws of the Xianzhou...
::'''March 7th:''' Well... do what you need to.
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 801516317,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think about it.
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1301200,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1301200
}</pre>

;(Talk to March 7th)
:'''March 7th:''' Though our meeting was brief, I somehow feel a connection with Arkeri. I hope that one day we'll meet again.
:'''March 7th:''' I'll stay here for a bit. You go do what you need to do.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cast the heliobus into the suppression tower{{subst:void|<!--801516324-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|The only good heliobus is a captured heliobus. The only place they should go is the Suppression Towers in Fyxestroll Garden.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Suppression Tower, Foxsomn Tomb
:{{tx}}
:'''Huohuo:''' Don't forget our routine. Miss Gui asked me to remind you to make the post... Please.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know. Time to get more fans!
:'''March 7th:''' I know now why (Trailblazer) is so insistent on bringing Arkeri to the suppression tower.
:'''March 7th:''' You can always make the right decision, and you never regret.
:'''March 7th:''' ...or do you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When I made the decision, I've also decided never to regret it.
::'''March 7th:''' I should learn from you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I make decisions after lots of consideration, but I still regret some choices...
::'''March 7th:''' Is that so...
:'''March 7th:''' Arkeri fully trusts your choice, and so do I. So, go do whatever you need to do.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Luofu Myths: Specterlight Records (Continued)
|zhs  = 罗浮异闻•磷火录（续）
|zht  = 羅浮異聞•磷火錄（續）
|ja   = 羅浮異聞・燐火録・続
|ko   = 나부 기문•인화록(속편)
|es   = Leyendas urbanas del Luofu: Luces espectrales (continuación)
|fr   = Mythes du Luofu&nbsp;: Récits des feux follets (suite)
|ru   = Городские легенды Лофу: Записи о блуждающих огнях (продолжение)
|th   = ตำนานพิศวงเมือง Luofu: เปลวแสงสีเขียว (ต่อ)
|vi   = Kỳ Bí Luofu - Ký Sự Ma Trơi: Tiếp
|de   = Legenden der Luofu: Akte Irrlicht (Fortsetzung)
|id   = Legenda Urban Luofu: Kisah Api Hantu (Lanjutan)
|pt   = Lendas do Luofu: Registros de Luz Espectral (continuado)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
