<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Luofu Myths: Ghostly Call#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8015161
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Luofu Myths Ghostly Call.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = A Foxian Tale of the Haunted
|chapter       = Luofu Myths
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = The Ghostly Grove offers a myriad of uncanny stories, including rumors about a woman constantly harassed by calls from ghosts.<br />The only good heliobus is a captured heliobus. The only place they should go is the Suppression Tower in Fyxestroll Garden.
|characters    = "Wraith Warden"; Bizarre Wraith Warden; Guinaifen; Huohuo; Sushang; Trailblazer; Worried Heliobus
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Fyxestroll Garden]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Fyxestroll Garden
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*20; Traveler's Guide*3; Condensed Aether*2; Lost Gold Fragment*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Luofu Myths: Ghostly Call''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[A Foxian Tale of the Haunted]] event.

==Steps==
# Head to Exalting Sanctum and search for the poster named A-Yue
# Head to Stargazer Navalia to make the appointment on behalf of A-Yue
# Venture deeper into Stargazer Navalia and look for the person you are meeting
# Talk to the peculiar Wraith Warden
# Continue talking to the Wraith Warden to uncover the truth behind the ghostly call
# Head to Aurum Alley to fulfill the unfinished promise
# Talk to A-Yue and witness everything
# Seal the heliobus inside the Suppression Tower

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:'''Guinaifen:''' If I get a scary prank call while live on stream... it'll definitely be good for the show!
:'''Sushang:''' I think this is more like a bad debt or some kind of vengeance!
:'''Guinaifen:''' Huohuo, what do you think?
:'''Huohuo:''' I'm worried that the heliobi are up to no good, because the details in the post are true &mdash; especially the part about deliberately choosing to call in the middle of the night.
:'''Huohuo:''' As far as I know, some heliobi can be really crafty and deliberately choose to ambush victims when they're completely off-guard!
:'''Guinaifen:''' Sounds pretty dangerous. But... can heliobi use jade abaci or phones?
:'''Huohuo:''' Heliobi can't use jade abaci directly, unless... unless they take possession of a victim... Darn it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Better go take a look.
::'''Huohuo:''' Mmm-hmm, best to get to the bottom of it. I think there may be more than one victim here...
::We can split up to cover more ground.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We can split up to cover more ground.
:'''Guinaifen:''' There's more than enough of us to split into two groups.
:'''Huohuo:''' Yeah. If we split up, we can task one group with tracing this call to its source.
:Little Gui, what do you think?
:'''Sushang:''' (Trailblazer), can you stop talking like me? It sounds super weird!
:'''Guinaifen:''' Let's split up. We'll meet up with the thread's OP; Huohuo, you can go investigate the source of the "scary call."
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Exalting Sanctum and search for the poster named A-Yue{{subst:void|<!--801516102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|A post on Ghostly Grove concerning phone calls from ghosts catches your group's attention. After Guinaifen sends a private message to the poster, you make contact with a woman named A-Yue, who claims she has been constantly harassed by calls from ghosts. You agree to meet her at Exalting Sanctum, where she will share all the information she has...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Npc_Talk_801516102)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Stargazer Navalia to make the appointment on behalf of A-Yue{{subst:void|<!--801516103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|A-Yue tells you about the ghostly phone calls she receives in the middle of the night, and reveals that the other party has asked to meet her at a specific location in Stargazer Navalia. A-Yue going there on her own would be very risky, especially compared to your ghost-hunting squad composed of capable exorcists. You accept A-Yue's commission and decide to meet the other person on her behalf in Stargazer Navalia, aiming to uncover their true identity.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Venture deeper into Stargazer Navalia and look for the person you are meeting{{subst:void|<!--801516104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|As you arrive at the agreed location, you find nobody there. Could this be a mere prank? Since you're here already, you decide to explore deeper into Stargazer Navalia in search of potential clues...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


:'''Guinaifen:''' Huohuo, what are you doing here?
:'''Sushang:''' Oh yeah, shouldn't we have split up?
:'''Huohuo:''' I just got back from the Realm-Keeping Commission, where the clerk helped me retrieve call logs from my jade abacus. The data shows the source of the call was here.
:'''Huohuo:''' I'm very sorry but Tail isn't here. I... I... I've made trouble for everyone.
:'''Guinaifen:''' We're friends. So don't even sweat it.
:'''Sushang:''' Yeah, so long as you're fine, that's all that matters.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Excuse me. Have you forgotten about something...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's that guy?
:'''Huohuo:''' ...It's the one who made that scary prank call. The jade abacus tracking display is right on top of it.
:'''Guinaifen:''' But... can the mara-struck actually use jade abaci?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a question we'll have to ask of the "involved party."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's chat with it first.
:'''Sushang:''' I'll stand guard and make sure it doesn't attack.
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the peculiar Wraith Warden{{subst:void|<!--801516106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Thankfully, the ghost-hunting squad arrives in the nick of time and rescues Huohuo. Interestingly, the frenzied Wraith Warden has also changed her attitude. Perhaps you can attempt to reason with her? Since there are so many of you here and you all have tricks up your sleeves, you can always resort to force if negotiation fails...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Bizarre Wraith Warden)
:'''Bizarre Wraith Warden:''' ...Quick, help me out.
:'''Bizarre Wraith Warden:''' Taking out such a vicious creature means you're all outstandingly capable. Please, won't you be good to the very end and let me possess you for a few days?
:'''Huohuo:''' ...This stench seems familiar... Why, you're a heliobus!
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Huh? So you can tell. Fine, no use pretending anymore.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Just my luck &mdash; I find a host body and it turns out to be a stark raving lunatic. I can't take this! Can you please do me a solid here and let me out so I can borrow another body for a couple of days?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can you even say this?
::'''Worried Heliobus:''' Is there a problem?
::I might as well just lend you my life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I might as well just lend you my life.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' The nerve... I'd just be temporarily borrowing it for a couple of days, using your body to eat and drink and rest a bit. It's no big deal.
:'''Guinaifen:''' Wait up. Please clear up for me what all that midnight ruckus was about before. You're not going anywhere until you do.
:{{tx}}
:'''Bizarre Wraith Warden:''' ...Quick, help me out.
:'''Bizarre Wraith Warden:''' Taking out such a vicious creature means you're all outstandingly capable. Please, won't you be good to the very end and let me possess you for a few days?
:'''Huohuo:''' ...This stench seems familiar... Why, you're a heliobus!
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Huh? So you can tell. Fine, no use pretending anymore.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Just my luck &mdash; I find a host body and it turns out to be a stark raving lunatic. I can't take this! Can you please do me a solid here and let me out so I can borrow another body for a couple of days?
:How can you even say this?
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Is there a problem?
:I might as well just lend you my life.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' The nerve... I'd just be temporarily borrowing it for a couple of days, using your body to eat and drink and rest a bit. It's no big deal.
:'''Guinaifen:''' Wait up. Please clear up for me what all that midnight ruckus was about before. You're not going anywhere until you do.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Fine! Didn't I already tell you? Besides, there's absolutely no way I can escape right now. I wasn't the one who did all that violent stuff. She's incredibly insane and outside my control.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' As for that "midnight ruckus," that was when I'd finally managed to wrest back control.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Well, she had a jade abacus on her with an emergency contact in it, so I kept trying to call them. I don't need to tell you what happened next.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Alright, I've finished explaining everything to you. Now are you going to help me or not!
:'''Huohuo:''' I've got a way to get you out, but... I can't let you borrow me. You'll have to go to prison and wait a while.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' That's great. That's great... Everything is going to be great, so long as I can get out of this meat-suit and I'm not stuck together with this maniac...
:'''Huohuo:''' Well, come on out then.
:The Wraith Warden belts out a strained roar. You and your companions watch on for ages, but nothing happens.
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' That's... the best I can do! I can't get out of this body, no matter what I try...
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' There's this thought stuck in this girl's head. She doesn't let it go no matter what, and it's binding us together tightly.
:'''Huohuo:''' The mara-struck's... lingering obsession?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be... their emergency contact?
:'''Bizarre Wraith Warden:''' Aghhhh...!
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' Ahem ahem, that wasn't me just then. Hope I didn't scare you. Just then, I managed to read the last remaining thought stuck in this girl's head. Hooboy, I know what she wants now!
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' She wants to see the emergency contact in her jade abacus one last time to say one final goodbye.
:'''Huohuo:''' To say goodbye to a friend?
:'''Huohuo:''' But... that's not to mention whether or not her friend wants to meet up with the mara-struck. She doesn't want her friend to see her like this, right?
:'''Worried Heliobus:''' This is a problem that's easily taken care of. If you just let me out of her body... I'll definitely help grant her wish.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get it...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We'll let her rest in peace.
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue talking to the Wraith Warden to uncover the truth behind the ghostly call{{subst:void|<!--801516108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|It turns out the Wraith Warden has her own hidden stories. Thankfully, she does not dare to stir up trouble. Under your watchful gaze, she slowly recounts the truth behind everything...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to ???)
:{{tx}}
:'''"Wraith Warden":''' Good. That's how I remember it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...And you are?
::'''"Wraith Warden":''' What's up with you? We were just chatting. I'm Singerd &mdash; the heliobus you were just talking with.
::Watch your phrasing! And don't blow your cover!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Watch your phrasing! And don't blow your cover!
:'''"Wraith Warden":''' Don't worry!
:'''"Wraith Warden":''' C'mon, let's get moving!
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Aurum Alley to fulfill the unfinished promise{{subst:void|<!--801516109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|As you suspected, this anomaly is indeed connected to a heliobus who is willing to do anything to break free from its confinement. To seal the heliobus and fulfill the unfortunate woman's sorrowful desires, you decide to proceed to Aurum Alley.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to A-Yue)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetCharacterShadowFactor",
	"EnableFactor": true,
	"OnlyEnableWhenUseShadowProbe": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Relaxing",
	"SubMissionID": 801516110
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"ResetToFloorDefault": true,
	"SubMissionID": 801516110
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetCharacterShadowFactor",
	"OnlyEnableWhenUseShadowProbe": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayTimelinePrefab",
	"PrefabPath": "CutSceneSpecial/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd/CS_ActivityHeliobus_Gourd.prefab",
	"AreaName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AreaName"
	},
	"AnchorName": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "AnchorName"
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetCharacterShadowFactor",
	"EnableFactor": true,
	"OnlyEnableWhenUseShadowProbe": true
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetCharacterShadowFactor",
	"OnlyEnableWhenUseShadowProbe": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to A-Yue and witness everything{{subst:void|<!--801516110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|You bring the heliobus to meet A-Yue. With you as the witness, the Wraith Warden's unfinished wishes are fulfilled...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Seal the heliobus inside the Suppression Tower{{subst:void|<!--801516112-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fyxestroll Garden|update|After all is said and done, you escort the heliobus to the Suppression Tower and seal it. Perhaps A-Yue will sleep soundly from now onwards?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1220400
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1220400
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Luofu Myths: Ghostly Call
|zhs  = 罗浮异闻•诡铃
|zht  = 羅浮異聞•詭鈴
|ja   = 羅浮異聞・詭鈴
|ko   = 나부 기문•수상한 방울
|es   = Leyendas urbanas del Luofu: Llamada fantasmal
|fr   = Mythes du Luofu&nbsp;: Appel fantôme
|ru   = Городские легенды Лофу: Призрачный колокольчик
|th   = ตำนานพิศวงเมือง Luofu: สายสุดหลอน
|vi   = Kỳ Bí Luofu - Tiếng Chuông Quái Lạ
|de   = Legenden der Luofu: Das Glöckchen
|id   = Legenda Urban Luofu: Telepon Aneh
|pt   = Lendas do Luofu: Disque-Fantasma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
