<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mutterer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25001
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_32.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 133
}}
'''Mutterer''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Pursue the butterfly that sniffs out bygone memories.
|result_1 = The obtained Curio will be Occurrence-Domain-related

|choice_2 = Pursue the butterfly that flies across the battlefield.
|result_2 = The obtained Curio will be Combat-Domain-related

|choice_3 = Pursue the butterfly on the hero's shoulder.
|result_3 = The obtained Curio will be Encounter-Domain-related

|choice_4 = Pursue the butterfly you chanced upon.
|result_4 = The obtained Curio will be Wealth-Domain-related

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are deep in a dense forest, an ancient temple entangled in vines looming before you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A bouquet blooms from Mnestia's golden chrysalis, statues faded to alabaster white, poets surrounded by flitting butterflies, their bodies leaned against the edge of the stone steps, gently caressing the strings of their lyres.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I have heard your sorrow, the ends of the westerly winds, tears intertwining like flowing streams. I sing a song of your love, upon Styxia's shores."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Their gazes fall from the ends of your hair, waiting for you to open your eyes once more, where only a few butterflies with iridescent wings are left.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "I have to chase after them." Your heart yells out in desire.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pursue the butterfly that sniffs out bygone memories. &mdash; The obtained Curio will be Occurrence-Domain-related
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It extols the weave of a single golden thread, shedding its olden divine form, embarking on a journey in search of love.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pursue the butterfly that flies across the battlefield. &mdash; The obtained Curio will be Combat-Domain-related
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It mourns the fall of a Kremnoan king, a heroic and prideful warrior, caught and dragged beneath the wheels of an enemy chariot.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pursue the butterfly on the hero's shoulder. &mdash; The obtained Curio will be Encounter-Domain-related
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It whispers of a reminiscent taste of honey brew, pursuing glorious heroes raising their goblets in merriment over swaying seas.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Pursue the butterfly you chanced upon. &mdash; The obtained Curio will be Wealth-Domain-related
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It awaits a reunion that will never arrive, a time scintillating in gold, when poets encountered the Chrysalis of Gold's kin.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your hand passes through its wings, allowing the illusion to dissipate, leaving nary but a lingering murmur of the past upon your fingertips.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mutterer
|zhs  = 沉吟者
|zht  = 沉吟者
|ja   = 吟遊詩人
|ko   = 속삭이는 자
|es   = Susurrador
|fr   = Méditation silencieuse
|ru   = Бормочущий
|th   = ผู้พึมพำ
|vi   = Kẻ Thầm Thì
|de   = Flüsterer
|id   = Tukang Bergumam
|pt   = Murmurador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}