{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Beast Horde: Voracious Catastrophe
|image         = Random Event 3.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Beast Horde: Voracious Catastrophe''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You encounter a group of ancient bloodthirsty behemoths in an ancient city of an abandoned star system. Their hot, steamy breaths brush against your face...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You notice signs of mutation on one of them... Its skin is covered by a layer of gilded hard shell, and it seems to be suffering from the mutation.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stare straight into its droopy eyes. Its whiskers are moving up and down. You notice it is protecting some cubs behind it...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Help the young beasts "get free." &mdash; Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain a 2-star Blessing.
:;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1''': [Unknown Stage ID: 80214011]
:::'''Variant 2''': [Unknown Stage ID: 80214012]
:::'''Variant 3''': [Unknown Stage ID: 80214013]
:::'''Variant 4''': [Unknown Stage ID: 80214014]
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take care of the adult beast's "pain." &mdash; Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain a 3-star Blessing and 1 Curio.
:;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1''': [Unknown Stage ID: 80214021]
:::'''Variant 2''': [Unknown Stage ID: 80214022]
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Beast Horde: Voracious Catastrophe
|zhs   = 兽群•贪饕灾厄
|zht   = 獸群•貪饕災厄
|ja    = 獣の群れ・貪慾の災厄
|ko    = 짐승 떼•탐식의 재앙
|es    = Horda de bestias: catástrofe voraz
|fr    = Horde bestiale : Catastrophe vorace
|ru    = Стая: Ненасытная катастрофа
|th    = ฝูงสัตว์ร้าย: หายนะแห่งความโลภ
|vi    = Bầy Thú - Tham Lam Khốn Khổ
|de    = Horde der Bestien: Unersättliche Katastrophe
|id    = Kawanan Makhluk Buas: Bencana Ketamakan
|pt    = Horda de Feras: Catástrofe Voraz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
