<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Oblation Obtained, Order Ordained#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1021401
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Oblation Obtained, Order Ordained.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Topclouded Towerthrust
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Dragon Mislay, Dreams Astray]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dan Heng; Female Voice; Fu Xuan; Jing Yuan; March 7th; Old Voice; Trailblazer; Welt
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Dragonprayer Terrace]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Dragonprayer Terrace
|prev          = Dragon Mislay, Dreams Astray
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Oblation Obtained, Order Ordained''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Topclouded Towerthrust]].

==Steps==
# Go to Dragonvista Rain Hall
# (Optional) Talk to others in the hall
# Open the "road" to the Ambrosial Arbor with the power of the high elder

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 danheng 105 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 7 danheng 105 f.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' (Trailblazer), March, Mr. Yang... You brought them here!?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 109.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Yes, they are waiting in the Dragonvista Rain Hall.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 116.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Go, your friends are waiting for you.

;(Talk to Vidyadhara Mirage Echo)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 echoF 101.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' As recorded in the ancient texts, this body of water was brought by my people from our home world &mdash; it formed part of the Roiling Deep. It is as pure here as it was there.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 echoF 102.ogg}} '''Old Voice:''' Our dragon ancestors nurtured us with the water of life and bestowed us with the permanence of the Vidyadhara.

;(Talk to Vidyadhara Mirage Echo)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 echoG 101.ogg}} '''Female Voice:''' Waters of the ancient sea, cleanse me, waters of the ancient sea, protect me...
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 echoG 102.ogg}} '''Female Voice:''' This world's good karma is settled. This life's misfortune is erased.

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
----
----
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 110.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' I have been keeping careful watch against the Abominations of Abundance, the Stellaron Hunters, and the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus... but I never anticipated the Antimatter Legion.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 111.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' The Hunt is far from over, yet all the while we find ourselves at war with other evil spirits... Hmph, from this battle onward, the Alliance must fight the Legion to our dying breath, even if it means the end of the Luofu.
----

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
----
----
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 110.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' I have been keeping careful watch against the Abominations of Abundance, the Stellaron Hunters, and the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus... but I never anticipated the Antimatter Legion.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 111.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' The Hunt is far from over, yet all the while we find ourselves at war with other evil spirits... Hmph, from this battle onward, the Alliance must fight the Legion to our dying breath, even if it means the end of the Luofu.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Dragonvista Rain Hall{{subst:void|<!--102140102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|When you stepped into Scalegorge Waterscape, you never thought that you would encounter such a chaotic situation. The old nemesis who sought vengeance blocked your way, and the young swordsman pursuing him was determined to not let either of you leave. It wasn't until General Jing Yuan appeared that you realized your past on the Xianzhou was finally catching up to you.<br />Someone had led you, the reincarnation of the Vidyadhara high elder, to this place. Someone is asking you to reproduce the miracles of the past &mdash; except no one ever asked you whether you consent to all this.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 117.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Look, your friends are taking the fight to the Legion as we speak...
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 danheng 106.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' We need to help them, let's go.
;(Enter battle)
::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Antibaryon*3/-20% ATK; Voidranger: Distorter*1/-20% ATK}}
::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/-20% ATK; Voidranger: Distorter*2/-20% ATK}}
::Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Voidranger: Reaver*2/-20% ATK; Voidranger: Trampler*1/-20% ATK; Baryon*1/-20% ATK}}
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 101.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' Jing Yuan! Where have you been!?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 118.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Haha, forgive my late arrival, Lady Fu &mdash; we are indebted to you and your forces. The Seat of Divine Foresight relayed the battle reports to me. As for Phantylia's plan...
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 102.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' The Ambrosial Arbor &mdash; that's her focus.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 103.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' Lord Ravager Phantylia's strategy was to create civil strife &mdash; then let it consume the Xianzhou from within. She wanted to use the Arbor to disseminate the power of the Plagues Author... and turn the Luofu into a hell of undying abominations.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 119.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Mm, that is clear to me now. Friends of the Astral Express, I have brought someone with me whom I think you'll be eager to see.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 102.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Huh? I&mdash;Is that... Dan Heng!? You...
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 103.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Y&mdash;You are Dan Heng, right? What's with the horns...?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 danheng 107.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' It's a long story, March. It's me.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 104.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' So... you do have secret strength!?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 120.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Let us save such reminiscence for later, shall we?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 121.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' My astral guests, when you first appeared on the Luofu, your stated aim was the resolution of the Stellaron crisis. I was concerned that the Stellaron Hunters harbored ulterior motives and refused your offer. I see now that I was overly anxious.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 122.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Nevertheless, it is true that the motives of the Stellaron Hunters were not what they appeared, haha. In order that the Express and the Xianzhou fight side by side, Kafka lured you here and broadened the scope of the crisis... In doing so, she succeeded in making clear that your sincerity is beyond doubt. The Luofu is in your debt, and I have no right to seek further assistance from you.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 123.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' However, as Lady Fu has explained, the appearance of Phantylia means that the situation is far from under our control. As general of the Luofu, it would be foolish of me not to ask Dan Heng and the rest of you for your strength at this critical moment.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 101.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Even if the crisis on the Luofu had nothing to do with the Stellaron, I would be willing to help... but I can't speak for the other members of my crew.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 102.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Explore, understand, establish, and connect... As the crew of the Express, that's the trailblaze creed we follow. Still, when the journey gets tough, those words can feel far-off.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 103.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Fear, risk, enemies, and death are the obstacles we face in pursuit of the creed. That's why the Nameless who are able to stay the course number few indeed.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 104.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Whether our destination lies before us or behind us, the decision is ours to make. Here, as on the Express, every vote counts.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 105.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Dan Heng...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Hold out hand)
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 124.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Thank you, Dan Heng.
::(Remain still)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain still)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 danheng 108.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 125.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' The choice is yours, Dan Heng.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 danheng 109.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' How am I still one of the Nameless? I stand here at the mercy of others without true freedom to speak...
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Female Protagonist)
:(Trailblazer) looks at you, as you both become silent.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there nothing you'd like to ask?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:(Trailblazer) shakes {{MC|m=his|f=her}} head. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} doesn't want to speak. Nobody can get {{MC|m=him|f=her}} to open up.

;(Talk to (Trailblazer))
:(Trailblazer) looks at you, as you both become silent.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there nothing you'd like to ask?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
::(Trailblazer) shakes {{MC|m=his|f=her}} head. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} doesn't want to speak. Nobody can get {{MC|m=him|f=her}} to open up.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...

;(Talk to Fu Xuan)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 104.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' Imbibitor Lunae's reincarnation... Dan Heng, correct? I have heard your name before.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can that be, my name was erased...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why would the names of the banished be recorded?
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 105.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' Your name was only erased from the public eye. But as the master diviner, I know &mdash; and should know &mdash; all the records of years gone by... Such archives are of great importance in times of need.
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 106.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' I was not born in the heroic and extraordinary era of the High-Cloud Quintet. To have seen those legends with my own eyes...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on...
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 107.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' Your appearance closely matches the depiction in the annals... Does Vidyadhara reincarnation really entail a complete transformation &mdash; a new life?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 108.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' Perhaps it is a little inappropriate of me to pry into the secrets of the Vidyadhara...
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 fuxuan 109.ogg}} '''Fu Xuan:''' ...but your appearance closely matches the depiction in the annals... Does Vidyadhara reincarnation really entail a complete transformation &mdash; a new life?

;(Talk to Welt Yang)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 105.ogg}} '''Welt:''' I knew you'd come. When we first mentioned the Xianzhou, there was a sad look in your eyes.
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 106.ogg}} '''Welt:''' They may have banished you, but the Luofu is still your home.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thanks for all your help along the way...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry I never spoke up...
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 107.ogg}} '''Welt:''' You're a member of the Express Crew, Dan Heng. Let's settle this matter as soon as possible &mdash; our journey doesn't end here.
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 7 welt 108 f.ogg}} '''Welt:''' *sigh* Those two haven't exactly been on their best behavior... It would've been good to have you here earlier.

;(Talk to March 7th)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 111.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' You scared the heck outta me! For a second I thought you'd annoyed the general &mdash; it seemed like you were his prisoner. There I was thinking up a plan to kidnap you, and it turns out the two of you are old buddies!
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 112.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Soooo what made you suddenly decide to come down from the Express?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I was worried for your safety.
:::{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 113 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Aww, how sweet! Buuuut (Trailblazer), Mr. Yang, and I have been holding our own &mdash; we're pretty much Xianzhou heroes at this point.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:::{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 114.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Okay, okay, I won't push you &mdash; everyone has their secrets. Besides, given the circumstances, my curiosity can wait.
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 115.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Anyway, it's great to have you with us, Dan Heng!
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 116.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Y'know, the more I look at this statue, the less "Dan-Hengy" it gets...
::{{A|VO chapter2 7 mar7th 117.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Still, it's got the same stony expression, haha.

;(Talk to Jing Yuan)
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 132.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Has coming here triggered your memory?
:{{A|VO chapter2 7 jingyuan 133.ogg}} '''Jing Yuan:''' Release your full potential &mdash; the power you carry is the key to opening a way through to the Ambrosial Arbor.

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
----
----
:The statue of the High Elder has been greatly changed by years of weathering. There are small words engraved near its base.
:"Hearken, as arbor revives and foe nears, we call forth the mighty waters of ancient sea, to flood abodes of heaven and quell roots of evil. We etch this in stone for all to heed."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Try to feel the great power here...
::Beneath the endless rolling waves, the ancient roots of the arbor blaze. Long dormant, they stir and come to life, as if a beast were waking from its strife.
::The containment mechanisms woven by past thrones, the bindings that tamed the beasts' power known, a fragile net, soon to shatter and fall, its decay a warning, heard by one and all.
::Memories from the past emerge from the darkness, tightly gripping you...
:;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 18
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Cut off the spiritual link with Scalegorge Waterscape.
----
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Talk to others in the hall{{subst:void|<!--102140106-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Open the "road" to the Ambrosial Arbor with the power of the high elder{{subst:void|<!--102140105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|As the reincarnation of Vidyadhara high elder, you were responsible for guarding the Ambrosial Arbor in your previous life, and you were a hero that everyone looked up to. But an impulsive crime changed everyone's destiny.<br />You were determined not to repeat the same mistakes, to never again return to your homeland, and to never again take on the shape of that high elder... Unfortunately, that was all just wishful thinking.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Oblation Obtained, Order Ordained
|zhs  = 得其雨露，安其壤土
|zht  = 得其雨露，安其壤土
|ja   = その雨露を得、その壌土を安んずる
|ko   = 거두어진 비와 이슬, 평온해진 땅
|es   = Ofrenda obtenida, orden ordenada
|fr   = Oblation obtenue, ordre ordonné
|ru   = Вода стекается, земля унимается
|th   = หยดพิรุณหยาดริน ชโลมดินสู่นิทรา
|vi   = Nhận Ân Huệ, Giấc Ngủ Êm Đềm
|de   = Opfer und Regen, Ordnung und Segen
|id   = Hujan dan Embun Memadatkan Lempung
|pt   = Obliteração Obtida, Ordem Restaurada
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
