<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Birth of a Hero (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25901
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Hero.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 142
}}
'''Birth of a Hero (I)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Take off the armor and redeploy with light gear.
|result_1 = All allies lose 80% of current HP. After achieving victory, gain 2 random Curio(s) of 2-star rarity and 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity

|choice_2 = Make a bet on your own defeat first.
|result_2 = After achieving victory, obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is your first time leaving your homeland of Okhema. The light weight of your armor lifts your spirits. You shoulder a shoddily-crafted spear discarded by its smith, and heroic poems hummed by traveling bards play over and over in your mind.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Share a drink with waves that are the manifestation of Phagousa on the sea and venture into the nether realm in search of your dead lover. One day, there will be a spot for you as well.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You hear that Castrum Kremnos is holding a new tournament. Kephale above, it appears you are destined to seize your inaugural glory there.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Take off the armor and redeploy with light gear. &mdash; All allies lose 80% of current HP. After achieving victory, gain 2 random Curio(s) of 2-star rarity and 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' What a warrior! Even the local spectators at Castrum Kremnos can't help but cheer you on.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Make a bet on your own defeat first. &mdash; After achieving victory, obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A hero who believes in failing isn't a hero? No matter how much one loses, one shouldn't lose money, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Birth of a Hero (I)
|zhs  = 英雄的诞生（其一）
|zht  = 英雄的誕生（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|英雄|えいゆう}}の{{Rubi|誕生|たんじょう}}（その1）
|ko   = 영웅의 탄생 (1)
|es   = El nacimiento de un héroe I
|fr   = Naissance d'un héros (I)
|ru   = Рождение героя I
|th   = กำเนิดวีรชน (I)
|vi   = Sự Ra Đời Của Anh Hùng (I)
|de   = Geburt eines Helden (I)
|id   = Lahirnya Pahlawan 1
|pt   = O Nascimento de um Herói (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}