{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is your third day after being promoted! For some reason, you have become the owner of all the space in the entire high-rise!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pin a self-made level P-35 badge on your chest, thinking it's time you show off your accomplishments to everyone!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The most well-known figures in the universe, such as Louis Fleming and Oswaldo Schneider, were once out of your league. But now, you believe you can replace them in the future!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Directly provoke P-48 Taravan Keane! &mdash; Obtain 2 Equation(s) of 1-star rarity.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Directly provoke P-48 Madam Scarred Eye! &mdash; Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s) and receive "Curio: Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser."
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|An emptiness envelops you.|You wield unlimited power! But your hands remain empty. Lose all Cosmic Fragments and obtain random Blessings until all Equations are expanded.}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' None of the big shots responds to you! Suddenly, you come to terms with reality... You take a puff of cigarette while staring at empty space, then walk back along the deserted street... At last, you lean on a cement pillar, looking low-spirited and crestfallen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Indeed... this is not the outcome you have expected. What did you do to make things so wrong? You wish you could start everything over. Perhaps, you would have chosen a different path in the beginning.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' ...You slowly lose consciousness. As it turns out, all employees consumed by greed are subject to a mysterious treatment that will turn them into portraits on the walls of the IPC's secret conference room.
{{Dialogue End}}