<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The IPC Promotion Saga (IV)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 14201-3
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence IPC.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = Unknown
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 030
|order_du      = 
}}
'''The IPC Promotion Saga (IV)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = You look at the emptiness all around you.
|result_1 = You wield unlimited power! But your hands remain empty. Lose all Cosmic Fragments and enhance all Blessings.
|path_1   = Nihility

|choice_2 = Directly provoke P-48 Taravan Keane!
|result_2 = Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments to enhance 3 random Blessing(s).

|choice_3 = Directly provoke P-48 Madam Scarred Eye!
|result_3 = Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s) and receive "Curio: Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser."
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' This is your third day after being promoted! For some reason, you have become the owner of all the space in the entire high-rise!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pin a self-made level P-35 badge on your chest, thinking it's time you show off your accomplishments to everyone!
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The most well-known figures in the universe, such as Louis Fleming and Oswaldo Schneider, were once out of your league. But now, you believe you can replace them in the future!
:{{DIcon|Star}} Directly provoke P-48 Taravan Keane! &mdash; Lose 50 Cosmic Fragments to enhance 3 random Blessing(s).
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Directly provoke P-48 Madam Scarred Eye! &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s) and receive "Curio: Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser."
:;(Obtain 1 random Curio&colon; {{Item|Angel-type I.O.U. Dispenser|20|type=Curio}})
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|You look at the emptiness all around you.|You wield unlimited power! But your hands remain empty. Lose all Cosmic Fragments and enhance all Blessings.}}
:;(Lose 100% of currently possessed {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20}})
:;(Enhance 99 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' None of the big shots responds to you! Suddenly, you come to terms with reality... You take a puff of cigarette while staring at empty space, then walk back along the deserted street... At last, you lean on a cement pillar, looking low-spirited and crestfallen.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Indeed... this is not the outcome you have expected. What did you do to make things so wrong? You wish you could start everything over. Perhaps, you would have chosen a different path in the beginning.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' ...You slowly lose consciousness. As it turns out, all employees consumed by greed are subject to a mysterious treatment that will turn them into portraits on the walls of the IPC's secret conference room.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The IPC Promotion Saga (IV)
|zhs  = 星际和平公司「升职记」（其四）
|zht  = 星際和平公司「升職記」（其四）
|ja   = スターピースカンパニー「{{Rubi|昇進記|しょうしんき}}」（4）
|ko   = 스타피스 컴퍼니 「승진기」 (4)
|es   = La saga del ascenso de la Corporación IV
|fr   = Saga de la CPI (IV)
|ru   = Сага о карьере в КММ IV
|th   = "บันทึกการเลื่อนตำแหน่ง" องค์กรสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาว (4)
|vi   = Công Ty Hành Tinh Hòa Bình "Nhật Ký Thăng Chức" 4
|de   = Die IFK-Beförderungsgeschichte (Teil 4)
|id   = Kisah Promosi IPC (4)
|pt   = A Saga de Promoção da CPI (IV)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}