<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#False Future#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24601
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Fortune Telling.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 124
}}
'''False Future''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in undefined and [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Change my future
|result_1 = Pick the boss you will face

|choice_2 = Abandon the suspicious divination
|result_2 = Leave and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' As you sit inside the dim tent, the white-haired diviner waves her hand, prompting the meandering colors to block out the clamor of the Dispo Night Market outside. Her dark eyes scrutinize you, seemingly peering into your fate.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The future... Many long to behold it, but often rue the sight." Her breath is soft yet captivating, coiling around you like a deep-sea worm.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Divination is nothing but deceitful tricks, but I am different. I hold the power to shape your destiny." Drawing a deck of Tawot Cards from her sleeve, she pulls out a stack and places them face up before you.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Change my future &mdash; Pick the boss you will face
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "With a subtle shift in perspective through 'riddles,' the world will alter its form around you." The woman offers a faint smile before vanishing into the music of the night market.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Abandon the suspicious divination &mdash; Leave and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "You seem to harbor a strong yearning for the mysteries of the future. Perhaps one day you may become one of us." The woman offers a faint smile before vanishing into the music of the night market.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = False Future
|zhs  = 假未来
|zht  = 假未來
|ja   = {{Rubi|偽|いつわ}}りの{{Rubi|未来|みらい}}
|ko   = 거짓 미래
|es   = Futuro falso
|fr   = Futur erroné
|ru   = Ложное будущее
|th   = อนาคตลวง
|vi   = Tương Lai Giả
|de   = Falsche Zukunft
|id   = Masa Depan Palsu
|pt   = Futuro Falso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}