{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Beginning: Interastral Peace Corporation
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 8.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Beginning: Interastral Peace Corporation''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You check out the unfamiliar surroundings... An IPC recruiter stands in front of you with a smile. You realize it is time for you to make a *decision*.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Welcome aboard, newcomer! You must be a spirited organic lifeform! Let me explain the company's structure to you."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Your first choice: following {{Color|Keyword|Telora Farnsha}} from the Public Relations Division. She is known as the "Godmother" her influence is ancient," the recruiter points out in a serious tone. "She has the support of the four major {{Color|Keyword|Guardians}}. They are versed the ancient skill of Psychological Manipulation. Farnsha, who excels in giving motivational speeches, helps IPC expand across the planets. It is said that Farnsha's Guardians have orchestrated over 200 murders, but she has only personally killed someone once in her life."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Your second choice: following {{Color|Keyword|Korapao}} from the Cargo Division. It is a newly established division. Like all the youths, they are cocky, enthusiastic, and full of vim and vigor. Korapao has the support of the {{Color|Keyword|Associates}} across the planets and is in charge of the logistics of resources in the universe."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "And your third choice: Following {{Color|Keyword|De Wayne}} from the Technology Division. Only those who are eager to break the rules and ambitious will follow him! As they are good at ancient languages, coding, and deciphering new languages, the division is also known as the Decryption Division. They have an external mercenary squad at their disposal, and their technical capabilities are exceptional. Yet, the other divisions still call them the {{Color|Keyword|Mavericks}}."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Telora Farnsha from the Outreach and Engagement Division.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Your choice has been recorded in the device." The IPC recruiter bows at you. "I look forward to seeing the development of your Intra-Cognition. Have a great trip."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Korapao from the Cargo Division.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Your choice has been recorded in the device." The IPC recruiter bows at you. "I look forward to seeing the development of your Intra-Cognition. Have a great trip."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} De Wayne from the Technology Division.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Your choice has been recorded in the device." The IPC recruiter bows at you. "I look forward to seeing the development of your Intra-Cognition. Have a great trip."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Beginning: Interastral Peace Corporation
|zhs  = 开端•星际和平公司
|zht  = 開端•星際和平公司
|ja   = {{Rubi|発端|ほったん}}・スターピースカンパニー
|ko   = 시작•스타피스 컴퍼니
|es   = Comienzo: Corporación para la Paz Interastral
|fr   = Débuts à la CPI
|ru   = Начало: Корпорация межзвёздного мира
|th   = จุดเริ่มต้น: องค์กรสันติภาพแห่งดวงดาว
|vi   = Khởi Đầu - Công Ty Hành Tinh Hòa Bình
|de   = Der Anfang: Interastrale Friedenskorporation
|id   = Permulaan: Interastral Peace Corporation
|pt   = Início: Corporação da Paz Interastral
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
