{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Kindling of the Self-Annihilator
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Lan
}}
'''Kindling of the Self-Annihilator''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You step into a natural program simulated by the recursive formula and notice a black box on the ground. You open it to reveal the holographic image of a physician &mdash; he has the body of a serpent below his waist.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' His dark green scales rustle and reflect a metallic glint as he moves its tail. "Hiss..." He speaks. Thanks to the Synesthesia Beacon, you can slowly understand his language.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Xuange was destroyed by [[Lan]]'s Lux Arrow 62 light years away. [[Herta]] observed the incident and nurtured my spiritual form in the Simulated Universe." A kindling emerges in the physician's hands.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "My existence is Nihility... I do not have the authority to terminate the black box. I've tried to get out of the defensive walls, but I've only managed to send the self-extinguishing kindling outside the black box. I hope you can take it and see my belief through."
;(If Intra-Cognition is between 0 and 40 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|You can "reinforce this belief."|Gain 1 random Negative Curio(s) and enhance 3 blessing(s).}}
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the flames of "Self-destruction" and destroy the black box. &mdash; Obtain 1 random Negative Curio and a 3-star Blessing.
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Refuse. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Kindling of the Self-Annihilator
|zhs  = 自灭者的火种
|zht  = 自滅者的火種
|ja   = {{Rubi|自滅者|じめつしゃ}}の{{Rubi|火種|ひだね}}
|ko   = 자멸자의 불씨
|es   = Yesca del Autodestructor
|fr   = Brasier de l'Auto-annihilateur
|ru   = Пламя Самоуничтожителя
|th   = เชื้อไฟของผู้ทำลายตน
|vi   = Mồi Lửa Kẻ Tự Hủy Diệt
|de   = Zündholz des Selbstvernichters
|id   = Api Self-Annihilator
|pt   = Acendedor do Autoaniquilador
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
