{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unknown Event 126-0
|image         = Random Event undefined.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta;Ruan Mei
}}
'''Unknown Event 126-0''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You wait in place until your desire to attack subsides. You believe you understand the art of violence... Your desire to kill will grow over time, and you yearn to encounter the things you hate again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I hate my family.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' At least you have a family, isn't it? Because of that, you won't be engulfed by the Nihility.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' However, your burning desire to fight will never be dampened! You suddenly find the idea of Trailblazing for the sake of Destruction to be acceptable...
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "What are you doing?" [[Ruan Mei]] frowns. "The soil of the universe I cultivate is very stable. I believe {{Color|Keyword|Destruction will never appear here}}."
::'''Herta:''' "Oh... I'd really love to see what's on (Trailblazer)'s mind." [[Herta]] scrunches her nose mischievously. "Nanook is the youngest Aeon, so they can't possibly have anything to do with the Swarm Disaster! I don't even dare imagine the Antimatter Legion becoming part of this disaster..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I hate the people I've loved.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It's because it hurts to love someone. At least, you know how to express your love.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' However, your burning desire to fight will never be dampened! You suddenly find the idea of Trailblazing for the sake of Destruction to be acceptable...
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "What are you doing?" Ruan Mei frowns. "The soil of the universe I cultivate is very stable. I believe {{Color|Keyword|Destruction will never appear here}}."
::'''Herta:''' "Oh... I'd really love to see what's on (Trailblazer)'s mind." Herta scrunches her nose mischievously. "Nanook is the youngest Aeon, so they can't possibly have anything to do with the Swarm Disaster! I don't even dare imagine the Antimatter Legion becoming part of this disaster..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, I've long forgiven everything.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' At this moment, another type of light envelops you, appeasing your intense hatred all at once. Everything becomes peaceful. Your mind, your actions, and even your emotions are smoothed by the Aeon with threads.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' However, your burning desire to fight will never be dampened! You suddenly find the idea of Trailblazing for the sake of Destruction to be acceptable...
::'''Ruan Mei:''' "What are you doing?" Ruan Mei frowns. "The soil of the universe I cultivate is very stable. I believe {{Color|Keyword|Destruction will never appear here}}."
::'''Herta:''' "Oh... I'd really love to see what's on (Trailblazer)'s mind." Herta scrunches her nose mischievously. "Nanook is the youngest Aeon, so they can't possibly have anything to do with the Swarm Disaster! I don't even dare imagine the Antimatter Legion becoming part of this disaster..."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = undefined
|zht   = undefined
|ja    = undefined
|ko    = undefined
|es    = undefined
|fr    = undefined
|ru    = undefined
|th    = undefined
|vi    = undefined
|de    = undefined
|id    = undefined
|pt    = undefined
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
