{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Unending Darkness
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Unending Darkness''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Where's this place?" You mumble to yourself. You plunge into the boundless darkness. There is no way to get your bearings as there is no light.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' An inscrutable humming rings next to your ears, and a tremendous force is pulling at you. Your mental prowess becomes unusually weak, and the air flowing around you is not of a material nature. Your muscles are relaxed, and your eyelids are drooping...
;(If Intra-Cognition is between -30 and 0 in [[Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Erudition|You can be more "indulged."|Gain 1 3-star Blessing(s) of Nihility and 1 random Negative Curio(s).}}
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing of Nihility)
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Head into the darkness. &mdash; There seems to be a giant shapeless black net before you...
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is an exceptionally terrifying experience. As Nihility engulfs you, you scramble to escape.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Fight the pull. &mdash; Your scattered attention needs to focus.
:;(All allies lose 50% of their current HP)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is an exceptionally terrifying experience. As Nihility engulfs you, you can feel your vitality being drained.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Unending Darkness
|zhs   = 无尽黑暗
|zht   = 無盡黑暗
|ja    = {{Rubi|果|は}}て{{Rubi|無|な}}き{{Rubi|暗闇|くらやみ}}
|ko    = 끝없는 어둠
|es    = Oscuridad infinita
|fr    = Ténèbres infinies
|ru    = Бескрайняя тьма
|th    = ความมืดที่ไม่สิ้นสุด
|vi    = Bóng Đêm Vô Tận
|de    = Endlose Dunkelheit
|id    = Kegelapan Tanpa Akhir
|pt    = Escuridão Infinita
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
