<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Repairman (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 24001
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Repairman.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 006
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Repairman (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Unknowable Domain]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Leave behind the plastic ornaments on you.
|result_1 = Recycle 1 Component of 1-star rarity and obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments.

|choice_2 = Leave behind rusted metal parts.
|result_2 = Recycle 1 Component of 2-star rarity and obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments.

|choice_3 = Leave behind useless electronic devices.
|result_3 = Recycle 1 Component of 3-star rarity and obtain 500 Cosmic Fragments.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into the gravitational slide of the recycling plant. Broken machines and scrapped parts swarm into a river and push you forward, falling through the chimney into a bright room.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The repairman's beard is covered in small gears and flecks of ore. He's draped in a cloak made from chilled stars, looking like a magician.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Is there something you want, child?" The old man unhurriedly puts down the plastic toy in his hands and gently shifts his turbid eyes at you. In the display case, centrifuge chambers and engine fragments and white latex are stuck together into various bizarre toys.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "You can take them if you want it. Well, you can also choose to leave something here. Trash that you no longer have any use for. I promise you that you'll be very surprised when you see them next."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave behind the plastic ornaments on you. &mdash; Recycle 1 Component of 1-star rarity and obtain 200 Cosmic Fragments.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave behind rusted metal parts. &mdash; Recycle 1 Component of 2-star rarity and obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave behind useless electronic devices. &mdash; Recycle 1 Component of 3-star rarity and obtain 500 Cosmic Fragments.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The old man waves goodbye to you with a smile, as if you were long-lost friends.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Repairman (I)
|zhs  = 修补匠（其一）
|zht  = 修補匠（其一）
|ja   = {{Rubi|修理職人|しゅうりしょくにん}}（その1）
|ko   = 수리공 (1)
|es   = Artesano remendón (I)
|fr   = Réparateur (I)
|ru   = Ремонтник I
|th   = ช่างซ่อมบำรุง (1)
|vi   = Thợ Sửa Chữa (I)
|de   = Reparateur (Teil 1)
|id   = Tukang Reparasi (1)
|pt   = Faz Tudo (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}