<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1040202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Light Slips the Gate, Shadow Greets the Throne
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bloodthirsty Okheman; Dan Heng; Dan Heng?; Divine Echo; Dying Okheman; Fanatical Kremnoan; Frenzied Okheman Soldier; Mesmerized Warrior; Mydei; Perdikkas; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [[Trial of Strife]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = Trial of Strife
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*300; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*3; Lost Crystal*3; Celestial Ambrosia*120; Credit*40,000
}}
'''''Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Light Slips the Gate, Shadow Greets the Throne]].

==Steps==
# Seek out Phainon and Dan Heng
# Check Chartonus' current condition
# Find the battle cries and find the source of Strife
# Follow the escaping soldier and investigate the commotion

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Seek out Phainon and Dan Heng{{subst:void|<!--104020201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Trial of Strife|(Trailblazer) and I became separated in this illusion. (Trailblazer) told me that {{MC|f=she|m=he}} travelled with Mydei and had seen the man's deepest fear, which was the blood-soaked glory of the Kremnos...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 player 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 11 player 101 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (What...)
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 116.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' What's the matter? Surprised?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 117.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Where there's Strife, there's carnage... It shouldn't come as a surprise to see such a sight in {{Rubi|Nikador's|Strife Titan}} trial.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You... did this?
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 118.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' I told you, this is only a mirror of the trial.
::Let's go look for Phainon.
::Why is it just you? Where's Dan Heng?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go look for Phainon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why is it just you? Where's Dan Heng?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 119.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' I don't see him around here... We should go first. Let's pray he stays safe.
:{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; Runing28)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAILeadWay",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"PathwayGroupID": 28,
	"PathwayID": 1,
	"MotionFlag": "FastRun",
	"SpeedScale": 1.2,
	"OnReach": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ClientFinishMission",
			"SubmissionID": 104020202
		}
	],
	"PathOffset": []
}</pre>
----
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 128.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...Absurd. I know this Okheman. Strife contorted an honorable warrior into this perverse and twisted being.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 129.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' And that horrible noise... I can hardly suppress my bloodlust when it sounds.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 130.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' This battle cry must have gotten to Phainon. That's why he lost himself... Hmph, what a useless fool.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 131.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is he?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why so solemn...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 132.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...It's nothing. Let's go.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Check Chartonus' current condition{{subst:void|<!--104020205-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G36)
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Try to communicate
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminJ 101.ogg}} '''Mesmerized Warrior:''' Ha... Haha...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminJ 102.ogg}} '''Mesmerized Warrior:''' Please accept my offering, {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}}...
:This person is consumed by a frenzy of slaughter, oblivious to your presence.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Try to communicate
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminK 101.ogg}} '''Fanatical Kremnoan:''' Come at me, coward! {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}} will grant me strength and fight alongside me to the death!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminL 101.ogg}} '''Bloodthirsty Okheman:''' Hmph, those are some big words for a pathetic rat like you... No different from your cowardly king!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Try to communicate
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminM 101.ogg}} '''Dying Okheman:''' ...
:A sharp bronze spear had torn through the tendons in her arm, leaving it hanging lifelessly, like a shattered wine jug abandoned by the roadside.
:As the soul ebbed away, darkness veiled her eyes.

:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 143.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Not you too, Chartonus...
----
----
;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
::Watch out!
::Found you...!
;(Cutscene ends)
----
----
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 152.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...Nice move.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 105.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' You, too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you... the real Dan Heng?
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 106.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' I could ask you the same&mdash;
::Are we up against Dan Heng's apparition this time...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are we up against Dan Heng's apparition this time...?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 153.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Wait. He seems calm and composed, unlike the rest.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 107.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' Sane enough to communicate, it seems. Hey, gray-haired warrior. Tell me&mdash;
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 108.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' &mdash;What was the last thing you said to me before I parted the waters at the Scalegorge Waterscape?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 154.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Parted the waters...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How would I even remember that?!
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 109.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' Hmm, that sounds like something the real you would say.
::Ugh. Forget it. Just kill me, alright?
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 110.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' Hmm, that sounds like something the real you would say.
::...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ugh. Forget it. Just kill me, alright?
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 110.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' Hmm, that sounds like something the real you would say.
::...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 111.ogg}} '''Dan Heng?:''' That's right. You have a great memory.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 155.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 112.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' It wasn't easy, but I finally found you two...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the battle cries and find the source of Strife{{subst:void|<!--104020214-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Trial of Strife|update|We finally met up in the illusion of the trial after some fighting and followed the sound of battle to the source of Strife. Perhaps that would be Phainon's location.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; 104020214finish)

:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 133.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' The battle cries... seem to be getting a lot louder.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 116.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I have a feeling...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 117.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Someone is manipulating this battlefield, someone who might not be Phainon.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 163.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Hmm... I agree.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 164.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Heh. Just as I thought. This is where the battle cries were coming from...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 165.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...The true entrance to {{Rubi|Nikador's|Strife Titan}} trial.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 player 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 11 player 102 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 118.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' What's wrong with you two?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've met that warrior before...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's Gnaeus, an incarnation of Nikador...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 166.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' I'm seeing him for the first time, but there's no doubt about it. What I'm sensing can only be Strife's bloodlust...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 167.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' The one manipulating this battlefield is... {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}} themself.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 111.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "Ah, Mydeimos... You are a keen warrior, indeed."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 168.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' You know me?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 112.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "The blasphemous prince. Of course I know you."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 113.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "And I happen to know that you're here for the soul of that white-haired warrior."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 169.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Great. Let's cut to the chase, then. Hand over that poor excuse for a swordmaster so we can be done with this farce.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 114.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "...No."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 115.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "I applaud your courage and strength for coming this far. But you have chosen to besmirch the dignity of one who has fallen, and I cannot turn a blind eye to that."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is gonna be one fierce battle we won't be able to get out of.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Won't you go easy on us? We traveled together before, remember...?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 164.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Heh. Just as I thought. This is where the battle cries were coming from...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 165.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...The true entrance to {{Rubi|Nikador's|Strife Titan}} trial.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 player 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter4 11 player 102 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 118.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' What's wrong with you two?
:I've met that warrior before...
:It's Gnaeus, an incarnation of Nikador...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 166.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' I'm seeing him for the first time, but there's no doubt about it. What I'm sensing can only be Strife's bloodlust...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 167.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' The one manipulating this battlefield is... {{Rubi|Nikador|Strife Titan}} themself.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 111.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "Ah, Mydeimos... You are a keen warrior, indeed."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 168.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' You know me?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 112.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "The blasphemous prince. Of course I know you."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 113.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "And I happen to know that you're here for the soul of that white-haired warrior."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 169.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Great. Let's cut to the chase, then. Hand over that poor excuse for a swordmaster so we can be done with this farce.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 114.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "...No."
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 genaiwusi 115.ogg}} '''Divine Echo:''' "I applaud your courage and strength for coming this far. But you have chosen to besmirch the dignity of one who has fallen, and I cannot turn a blind eye to that."
:This is gonna be one fierce battle we won't be able to get out of.
:Won't you go easy on us? We traveled together before, remember...?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 danheng 119.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' One who has fallen...? Phainon failed the trial?
:{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 101.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' You won't get away, Kremnoan vermin!
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 122.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Be on alert. The smell of rust is thick in the air.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 120.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 121.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' "The greatest fear in the depths of a warrior's heart," huh? ...So, this is what he fears the most?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow the escaping soldier and investigate the commotion{{subst:void|<!--104020203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Trial of Strife|update|(Trailblazer) and I became separated in this illusion. (Trailblazer) told me that {{MC|f=she|m=he}} travelled with Mydei and had seen the man's deepest fear, which was the blood-soaked glory of the Kremnos...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 102.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' Tell me your name, brute! Your demise shall be a tale I boast about at the feast table!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 101.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' My name is Perdikkas... And I am here to avenge my people.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 123.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Kremnoans... and Okhemans are at war?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 103.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' Hahaha! ...Perdikkas? Even the tragic cries of beasts at the slaughterhouse sound better than your name!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 102.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' Say whatever you like, despicable Okheman...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 103.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' "Valorous Death Before Glorious Return." May the Kremnoan spirit always watch over me!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 104.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' Foolish brute! I see you're eager to die. Very well then, I shall grant you just that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intervene and stop the soldier.
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 105.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' You are...? Oh, so the alpha brute has found his way here?
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 106.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' It's a pity, though... You're too late! You will never stop the holy city's army. Watch as I make this pathetic warrior of yours the first sacrifice!
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 104.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' Urk... Hngh...
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 105.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' {{Rubi|Mydeimos|Mydei}}... My king...
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 106.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' Avenge... me...!
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 124.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Is this...
::{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 107.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' You're next!
::Watch on and wait for the trial.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Watch on and wait for the trial.
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 125.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 108.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' Die, you swine!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 107.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' Urk... Hngh...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 108.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' {{Rubi|Mydeimos|Mydei}}... My king...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 padikasi 109.ogg}} '''Perdikkas:''' Why... why did you leave us to the mercy of these foreigners?
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 mydeimos 126.ogg}} '''Mydei:''' Is this...
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 109.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' You are...? Oh, so the alpha brute has found his way here!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 110.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' You Kremnoans are all eager to die, huh? Then I shall grant you a swift death!
:{{A|VO chapter4 11 gongminI 111.ogg}} '''Frenzied Okheman Soldier:''' *sound of a body contorting and snapping*
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears
|zhs  = 纷争啊，伐清湮途的悼惧
|zht  = 紛爭啊，伐清湮途的悼懼
|ja   = 紛争よ、消滅の道に広がる恐怖を薙ぎ払え
|ko   = 분쟁이여, 길을 막는 두려움을 토벌하라
|es   = Conflicto, ahuyenta este temor sombrío
|fr   = Conflit, dissipe les peurs héritées
|ru   = О раздор, избавь от преследующих страхов
|th   = ปฏิปักษ์เอ๋ย จงขจัดความกลัวบนเส้นทาง
|vi   = Hỡi Phân Tranh, Hãy Xua Tan Nỗi Sợ Trên Đường
|de   = O Zwist, banne die Angst vor dem Ende
|id   = Pertikaian, Hancurkan Ketakutan yang Terpendam
|pt   = Conflito, Dissipar os Medos Acompanhantes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
