{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (First Praetorian)
|image         = Random Event 4.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = Swarm
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (First Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You pass by a habitat filled by a massive Swarm. A giant Lord of Eternal Slumber is sleeping soundly on a putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Lord of Eternal Slumber has both its eyes closed. It seems to be lost in its dreams.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You check the map in your hand... and find that your way ahead is blocked! As you are about to take a detour, you notice some newly born *spores* gathering around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. A daring idea blossoms in your mind...
:{{DIcon|Star}} "Absorb" its power. &mdash; Obtain two 1-2 star Blessings.
:;(Repeat 2 times)
::;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} "Give" it power. &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 30% of their current HP, and Enhance 1 random Blessing. (Obtain better rewards later.)
:;(All allies lose 30% of their current HP)
:;(Enhance 1 random 1-3 star Blessing)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Propagation: Slumbering Overlord (First Praetorian)
|zhs   = 繁育•沉睡领主（一级卫戍）
|zht   = 繁育•沉睡領主（一級衛戍）
|ja    = {{Rubi|繁殖|はんしょく}}・{{Rubi|深眠|しんみん}}の{{Rubi|領主|りょうしゅ}}（{{Rubi|一級守備|いっきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko    = 번식•깊이 잠든 영주(1급 경비)
|es    = Propagación: Cacique dormido (primer pretoriano)
|fr    = Le seigneur assoupi de la Propagation (premier prétorien)
|ru    = Распространение: Повелитель сна (гарнизон ур. 1)
|th    = แพร่พันธุ์: ท่านผู้หลับใหล (กองกำลังระดับ 1)
|vi    = Sinh Sôi - Lãnh Chúa Ngủ Say (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 1)
|de    = Die Ausbreitung: Schlafender Herrscher (Garnisonsstufe 1)
|id    = Propagation: Raja yang Tertidur (Garnisun Tingkat 1)
|pt    = Propagação: Soberano Adormecido (Primeiro Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
