{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Despite having traversed the Simulated Universe for eight million miles, you did not find anyone who truly understood you...
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are tired of continuously testing one project after another. So, you decide to adopt a worm as your companion in the Simulated Universe.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You observe your companion: This beautiful space worm is named Sweet Saliva. It secretes secondary metabolites around its wound that give off a unique flowery, fruity, and sweet scent... You know that when it matures, it will linger around the exotic fruit orchards and cosmic tea plantations. Each of its trips may bring the scent of *love* to you.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Although you are destitute... you can still do your best to nurture it.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Feed the Erethian galaxy's "sea salt snack." &mdash; Lose 1 Curio(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Use the specialty "cleaning foam" of Washtopia. &mdash; Lose 1 Blessing(s).
:{{DIcon|Star}} Feed the Vortex Colony's "special milk tea." &mdash; Lose 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
;(Outcome 1, 70% chance)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your space worm wriggles and spurts a mouthful of saliva at your face to show its gratitude to you.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Oh... You feel so happy!
;(Outcome 2, 30% chance)
:;(All allies lose 30% of their current HP)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your space worm is wriggling. You wait for it to spurt a mouthful of saliva at your face...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' However, it leaps and smacks its tail against your face instead! It hurts a lot!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' ...Seems like it hates to be treated this way.
{{Dialogue End}}