{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You stroll alongside a blue lagoon, pass through a garden full of hoary stocks, and go around a hall of ivory and white stones. You walk up a grand golden staircase... and stop in front of the "IPC Branch Bank" sign.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Every piece of ornament here is posh and dazzling... You walk up to the counter.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "The more you deposit, the higher the interest rate." The teller has an infectious smile and an elegant demeanor. You believe he is an excellent employee trained by the Talent Motivation Department of the IPC.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Deposit 100 Cosmic Fragment(s). &mdash; Upon your next encounter, you can withdraw 200 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Deposit 150 Cosmic Fragment(s). &mdash; Upon your next encounter, you can withdraw 400 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=150}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Deposit 200 Cosmic Fragment(s). &mdash; Upon your next encounter, you can withdraw 600 Cosmic Fragments.
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=200}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You still like to hide Cosmic Fragments under your pillow.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Tamper with the bank teller's memory.|Obtain 200 Cosmic Fragment(s).}}
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=200}})
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Show off your muscles to the teller!|Turn the tables and collect protection money from him instead! Enter battle 1 time and obtain 300 Cosmic Fragment(s) after achieving victory.}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*2/-25% HP; Silvermane Cannoneer*1/-25% HP}}
{{Dialogue End}}