<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Farther Than The Snow Plains#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2011412
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Farther Than The Snow Plains.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Slices of Life Before the Furnace
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Lynx; Pela; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Outlying Snow Plains]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Outlying Snow Plains
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*400; Stellar Jade*100; Traveler's Guide*8; Lost Crystal*6; Sprout of Life*6; Credit*80,000
}}
'''''Farther Than The Snow Plains''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Slices of Life Before the Furnace]].

==Steps==
# Find a suitable camping spot
# Establish the camp
# Ask whether Pela can fix the heater
# Collect the Geomarrow Activation Element and food
# Return to the camp and prepare dinner
# Ascertain the abnormality in the camp
# (Optional) Take a picture of the mysterious creature
# (Optional) Eliminate the mysterious creature
# Investigate the item left by the mysterious creature
# Fix the heater
# Cook dinner with Lynx
# Wait for the aurora with Lynx
# Talk with everyone
# View the aurora

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find a suitable camping spot{{subst:void|<!--201141201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|Pela and Lynx's goal for this trip was actually to observe the aurora &mdash; They need to first find a suitable camping ground before they can achieve that goal.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 102.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Phew... I never knew how long it took to get from the Administrative District to the Snow Plains.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 103.ogg}} '''Pela:''' So much snow... Even in the northern mountains, it wasn't like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you bring enough warm clothes?
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 102.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' The snow is supposed to get heavier later in the day... Have you got enough warm clothes?
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 104.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Yep, I brought everything you told me to &mdash; all thanks to your camping guide.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 105.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Speaking of which, according to the guide, the first thing we need to do is find a good place to set up camp, right? Flat, dry, sheltered, facing the sun, high elevation...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We need to find a good place to set up camp first.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 103.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' The snow is supposed to get heavier later in the day... We need to find a good place to set up camp first.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 106.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Right! The guide says we should find a flat, dry, sheltered location &mdash; facing the sun at high elevation...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 104.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...You remembered all that? I expected no less from you! But it's gonna be hard finding a place that fits those criteria.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 105.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Well, we'll just keep moving and see. The place has to be convenient enough for us to observe the aurora, too.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 107.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hehe, thanks, Lynxy!
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 108.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I'll leave it to you then. I'm gonna follow right behind you.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 130.ogg}} '''Pela:''' (It's probably best to stick close to the camp...)
----

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 106.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (It's probably better not to separate...)
----

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 130.ogg}} '''Pela:''' (It's probably best to stick close to the camp...)
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 109.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Flat, dry, sheltered, facing the sun, high elevation...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 110.ogg}} '''Pela:''' ...and we need to be able to observe the aurora... This is going to be difficult.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 111.ogg}} '''Pela:''' This slope has a good view... It'll be easy to watch the aurora.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 107.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Nope. The wind blows strongly through here, and there are signs of direwolf activity... It'd be too dangerous to make camp.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 112.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I see... Then let's keep moving.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 113.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hmm... This area is sheltered and facing the sun, plus it's flat ground, but...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 108.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' But there are cliffs all around. We'll be in trouble if there's a landslide or rockfall. Also, there isn't much of a view...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 109.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ah! I remember a good place that's not too far from here. Follow me!
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 114.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Huh? ...Okay!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Establish the camp{{subst:void|<!--201141203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Pela and Lynx found a suitable camping spot. Prepare the camping equipment and wait for the aurora.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 115.ogg}} '''Pela:''' We're at a dead end...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 116.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Lynxy, are you sure this is the place?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 110.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Yep. This is the path to Kandor Valley. There are low cliffs on both sides, but I cleared all the monsters here a while ago, so it should be safe and sound.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 111.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Also, the mountain wind during this season usually comes from the north, which is another reason why we couldn't camp on that previous slope. These two hills can block the Snow Plains gales for us.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 117.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I never even noticed! Huh, camping is a complicated science...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 112.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Not really, but the environment outside of Belobog is very tough.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 113.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' If the weather here was as good as inside the city, then we could have camped anywhere.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 118.ogg}} '''Pela:''' That's true. I hope that becomes a reality one day.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 119.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hmm, only problem is... the view here isn't great. Are you sure we'll be able to watch the aurora?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 114.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Hehe, don't worry about that for now &mdash; let's get the tent ready then go find our dinner.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 120.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Sure! I can help out with the tent &mdash; I memorized that section in the camping guide.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 115.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Okay, then I'll go set up the stove. If you have any questions, just ask me.
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_heater_start_falied_01"
	}
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 116.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (Huh? Why isn't the heater working...?)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_heater_start_falied_02"
	}
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 117.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (Darn, doesn't seem like an easy fix...)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 118.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (Alright. I'll ask Pela...)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 0.5
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask whether Pela can fix the heater{{subst:void|<!--201141204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Lynx seems to have run into trouble while setting up the stove. She can only ask for Pela for help.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Pela)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 122.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Weird... That's what the guide says...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 123.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hey, Lynxy! Come and have a look at this!
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 124.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I did everything according to the guide, but the tent's still wobbly...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have a check.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 119.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Mm, lemme have a check...
----
;(Screen fades to black)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 120.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Main poles, check. Brow poles, check. Ropes, check...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 121.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Ah, it's the pegs!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_knock_nails"
	}
}</pre>
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 122.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' The pegs. I forgot to mention &mdash; thick snow needs leaded iron pegs.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 125.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Got it! It's definitely sturdier now... Nice job, Lynxy!
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 123.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' You're too kind... My oversight.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 124.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Uhh... I've got a question, too. Can you take a look at this stove? I think it's broken...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 126.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Huh? Sure, let me take a look.
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 127.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hmm... The Geomarrow fuel activation component probably stopped working. Do you have a spare one?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 125.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' No... Serval told me this was a brand-new stove...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 126.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (Did I bring the wrong stove...? Does this mean we have to make a fire with Geomarrow? I specifically got this stove from Serval...)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 128.ogg}} '''Pela:''' That's okay. These components are really common. Maybe we can find a spare one in the ruins around here.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 129.ogg}} '''Pela:''' You take it easy &mdash; I'll see if I can find one. Oh, and I'll keep an eye out for food too!
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 127.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...I'll come with you!
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 128.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Finding food is easy, but finding that component is gonna be hard...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 131.ogg}} '''Pela:''' We'll do our best. If we can't find one, we'll just do what your guide says and chop wood to make a fire.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 129.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Oh, actually, I have some spare chunks of Geomarrow...
;(Obtain {{Item|Ice-Fresh Raw Frostweave Salmon Slices|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Mimic Snow Slugs|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect the Geomarrow Activation Element and food{{subst:void|<!--201141223-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Pela and Lynx have finished setting up the camp. Then they decide to gather food as well as trying to find a Geomarrow Activation Element, even though it would be incredibly rare to find one out in the Outlying Snow Plains.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--1-second delay-->
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 158.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' I think we've searched through everything here... Let's head back, Pela.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 158.ogg}} '''Pela:''' *sigh* Okay... I feel bad that we didn't find a spare component.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 159.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' It's fine, we'll just light a fire with Geomarrow... Let's go back and have some food.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the camp and prepare dinner{{subst:void|<!--201141210-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Although they didn't find the Geomarrow Activation Element, Pela and Lynx manages to collect enough food for tonight. Now is the time to return to the camping ground.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 160.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Pela...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 159.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hm? What's up?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 161.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' We... don't really need that stove to cook.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 160.ogg}} '''Pela:''' ...I know. But since we were looking for food, I figured we might as well try to fix the stove.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ascertain the abnormality in the camp{{subst:void|<!--201141211-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Pela and Lynx reach the camping ground, but discover an unexpected guest in the camp. They need to confirm what is happening in the camp without alarming the intruder.<br />However, you are well aware that the "intruder" is just a harmless Warp Trotter. Now is not the time to step out and help, though. Let the two girls deal with this "crisis" on their own.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 162.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' I think there's something in the camp... Be careful.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 161.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Is it some kind of animal?

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 162.ogg}} '''Pela:''' ...Lynxy, wait. That thing in the camp is a dangerous Fragmentum creature.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 163.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Mm, I see it too. But it doesn't seem aggressive... and it's all chubby and cute...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 163.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Don't be fooled by its appearance. About 20% of our Silvermane Guard Fragmentum losses are a result of chasing this creature.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 164.ogg}} '''Pela:''' We haven't figured out everything about it yet, but there's one thing we're sure of... they have the power to control people. We need to be careful.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40101_F40101006_G12",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor5",
	"IsActive": true,
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1,
	"DynamicParams": {}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"GroupID": 12,
	"GroupNpcID": 400001,
	"DestroyList": []
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 164.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Huh? But this little buddy gave me something good last time, and it didn't hurt me...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 165.ogg}} '''Pela:''' That must be the first step in their mind control process. You were lucky.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 166.ogg}} '''Pela:''' We should defeat it just to be safe. Fragmentum creatures are Belobog's enemies &mdash; they shouldn't be trusted.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 165.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ah, but...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 167.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Mm?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 166.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' I didn't even get to take a photo of it last time. Now's a good chance...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 167.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Can I at least take a picture, Pela? That's also my job as a researcher.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 168.ogg}} '''Pela:''' ...I understand, but the sound of the shutter and the camera bulb might send it into a frenzy...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40101_F40101006_G12",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor8",
	"IsActive": true,
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1,
	"DynamicParams": {}
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 168.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Ah, it noticed us.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 169.ogg}} '''Pela:''' It might be looking for an opportunity to attack. Be careful!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Take a picture of the mysterious creature{{subst:void|<!--201141212-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Pela and Lynx have opposing ideas over what to do with this mysterious creature &mdash; take a photo of it? Or to sniff out this dangerous element while they can? The two girls need to make a choice.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; PhotoGraphGOGOGO)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchPhotoGraphMode",
	"PhotoGraphMode": "Identify",
	"ExitWhenPreViewDialogFinish": true,
	"IdentifyRadiusOverride": {},
	"InitFov": -1
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; PhotoGraphFinish_201141212)

{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Eliminate the mysterious creature{{subst:void|<!--201141213-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 170.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Careful, Lynx &mdash; It's going to attack!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P40101_F40101006_G12",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor4",
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1,
	"DynamicParams": {}
}</pre>
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Flamespawn*1; Warp Trotter*1; Frostspawn*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the item left by the mysterious creature{{subst:void|<!--201141221-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Either way, the Warp Trotter leaves the camping ground, but it seems to have left something for the two girls.<br />The two girls decide to move up to investigate what the mysterious creature had prepared for them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 169.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Finally got a picture...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It disappeared.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 171.ogg}} '''Pela:''' It disappeared... Did it run away?
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 170.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Yeah... that's the nature of these little things. They disappear in a flash when they get scared.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe it's still around somewhere.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 172.ogg}} '''Pela:''' It disappeared... Lynxy, be on the lookout for an ambush.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 171.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Don't worry, Pela... that's the nature of these little things. They disappear in a flash when they get scared.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 172.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' That's my conclusion from my long-term observations. As for those lost Guards... maybe they were chasing these little creatures and couldn't find their way back.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 173.ogg}} '''Pela:''' ...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 174.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Sorry. Maybe I was overreacting...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 173.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Don't be sorry. It pays to be careful.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 174.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Anyway, crisis resolved! We can now make some food...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 175.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Huh? Our little buddy seems to have dropped something.
----
----
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 175.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Phew... Hopefully it won't be coming back any time soon.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 176.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' It disappeared again...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 176.ogg}} '''Pela:''' It must have used some Fragmentum loophole to escape. Do you really want to take after it, Lynxy?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 177.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' No, just a bit curious. But these guys do disappear in a flash when they get scared.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 178.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Anyway, crisis resolved! We can now make some food...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 179.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Huh? Our little buddy seems to have dropped something.
----

;(Obtain {{Item|Geomarrow Activation Element|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Fix the heater{{subst:void|<!--201141215-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|What a surprise. The two girls receive the Geomarrow Activation Element they have been looking for. Now is the time for Pela to show off her skills and fix the heater.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Lose {{Item|Geomarrow Activation Element|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cook dinner with Lynx{{subst:void|<!--201141216-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|The girls finally fix the heater. Though Belobog is currently enveloped in the perpetual solar sunlight, it is still time for dinner. Check the food ingredients collected so far and find a way to make a delicious camping meal with them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 182.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Okay, all done.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 183.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' What is this magic? I couldn't figure out the problem at all...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 183.ogg}} '''Pela:''' No magic here. Just a trick or two I learned from Serval.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 184.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' My sister...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 184.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Yep, that's her. What's the matter?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 185.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ah... nothing. Just... sometimes I'm a bit jealous of Serval, you know? She knows everything...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 185.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hehe, same as you, then.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 186.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 186.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I'm serious! Outdoor explorer, mechanic &mdash; they're both experts in their field, right? I think you two are awesome.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 187.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Anyway, it wouldn't be hard for you to get her to teach you something. You're her sister, she'd be happy to teach you.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 187.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' You say that, but...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 188.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' ...Never mind. It's getting late. Let's cook something.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 188.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Yay! That's my favorite part... Wait, no, my favorite part is watching the aurora!
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 189.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Anyways, let's take a look at what ingredients we have.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 190.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (Every ingredient has its own effect, and combining them will create unexpected results...)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 191.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' (What kind of effects are they gonna make? Let's just give it a try.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SelectMissionItem",
	"OnlyPerformance": true,
	"ItemIDList": [
		140202,
		140203
	],
	"ItemHiddenIDList": [],
	"ItemSelect": [
		{
			"Item1": 140202,
			"TriggerCustomString": "SelectItem_1"
		},
		{
			"Item1": 140203,
			"TriggerCustomString": "SelectItem_2"
		},
		{
			"Item1": 140202,
			"Item2": 140203,
			"TriggerCustomString": "SelectItem_3"
		}
	],
	"SlotNum": 2,
	"InfoText": {
		"Hash": 524940953
	},
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	},
	"OnSubmitFail": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "SelectItem_201141125_Cancel"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "SelectItem_201141125_Cancel"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Lose {{Item|Ice-Fresh Raw Frostweave Salmon Slices|20|x=1}})
;(Unused &mdash; SelectItem_201141125_Cancel)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame",
	"WaitFrameCount": 1
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SelectMissionItem",
	"OnlyPerformance": true,
	"ItemIDList": [
		140202,
		140203
	],
	"ItemHiddenIDList": [],
	"ItemSelect": [
		{
			"Item1": 140202,
			"TriggerCustomString": "SelectItem_1"
		},
		{
			"Item1": 140203,
			"TriggerCustomString": "SelectItem_2"
		},
		{
			"Item1": 140202,
			"Item2": 140203,
			"TriggerCustomString": "SelectItem_3"
		}
	],
	"SlotNum": 2,
	"InfoText": {
		"Hash": 524940953
	},
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	},
	"OnSubmitFail": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "SelectItem_201141125_Cancel"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "SelectItem_201141125_Cancel"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; SelectItem_1)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 201141216,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 192.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ah... 700-year-old raw fish.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 189.ogg}} '''Pela:''' You don't have to emphasize the "700 years" part, y'know...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 193.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' The older, the rarer! Plus, you had to enter that ruin for it &mdash; even more special...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 190.ogg}} '''Pela:''' You don't have to emphasize that either!
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 194.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Then let's just say it'll be tonight's main course, haha. Time to show you my culinary skills!
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 191.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Um... Why don't I cook tonight? You can take a break...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 195.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' It's no problem! Leave it to me.
::<!--0.5-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_cooking"
	}
}</pre>
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": true,
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_408409.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 196.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ta-da. Frostweave Salmon Bread is ready!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_408409.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 192.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Ah... It smells so good! I'm gonna dig in!
:;(Screen fades to black)
::You feel an amazing energy as you enjoy a meal with your fellow campers...
::----

;(Unused &mdash; SelectItem_2)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 201141216,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 197.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ah... Cute mimic snow slug.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 193.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Are we really going to eat that...?
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 198.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Don't worry. It may not look tasty, but I guarantee you'll fall in love with it on the first bite.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 194.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I still don't believe this is supposed to be food...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 199.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Then let's just say it'll be tonight's main course, haha. Time to show you my culinary skills!
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 195.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Um... Why don't I cook tonight? You can take a break...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 200.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' It's no problem! Leave it to me.
::<!--0.5-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_cooking"
	}
}</pre>
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": true,
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_408204.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 201.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ta-da. The Stone-Roasted Meat Skewer is ready!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_408204.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 196.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Ah... It smells so good! I'm gonna dig in!
:;(Screen fades to black)
::You feel an amazing energy as you enjoy a meal with your fellow campers...
::----

;(Unused &mdash; SelectItem_3)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 201141216,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 3
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 202.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ah... raw fish from 700 years ago and some cute mimic snow slug.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 197.ogg}} '''Pela:''' I don't think... either is edible...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 203.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Don't worry. We'll make them into a hotpot. Just add cream, biscuit crumbs, and the canned sardines I brought...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 198.ogg}} '''Pela:''' You're putting canned sardines into a hotpot!? Please don't say that...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 204.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Well then, this will be the main course for tonight &mdash; I'll show you what I can do as a chef!
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 199.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Um... Why don't I cook tonight? You can take a break...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 205.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Come on, it's fine. Just leave it to me.
::<!--0.5-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_cooking"
	}
}</pre>
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": true,
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_402018.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 206.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Ta-da! The super delicious Snow Plains Combo Stew is ready!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_402018.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 200.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Ah... It smells so good! I'm gonna dig in!
:;(Screen fades to black)
::You feel an amazing energy as you enjoy a meal with your fellow campers...
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Wait for the aurora with Lynx{{subst:void|<!--201141218-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|After they've had a meal, the girls' goals are now clear. They decide to have a long chat to spend time before the aurora emerges.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Flamespawn*1; Blaze Out of Space*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with everyone{{subst:void|<!--201141219-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|Your appearance seems to make the girls rather confused. Now you have to explain the situation to them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 214.ogg}} '''Pela:''' These Fragmentum monsters are coming out of thin air...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 223.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' They were probably attracted by the stove. The Stellaron crisis is over, why are there still so many monsters?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It takes time for the Fragmentum's influence to fade.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 215.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Ah. I see...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} With me around, there's no need to worry!
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 216.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hmph, we could've handled it...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 217.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Wait &mdash; where did you come from all of a sudden!?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 224.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Pela? Who is this?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 218 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 218 f.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Um... This is the trailblazer &mdash; the savior of Belobog.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 225.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' I see. Well, in that case, thanks for saving us &mdash; not to mention Belobog.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 226.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' So, what's a big hero like you doing out here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Serval and Gepard sent me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Um... Err...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 228.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Never mind... I can take a guess. Serval and Gepard sent you to protect us, right?
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 229.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' They're always like this. It's impossible to get some private time as their younger sister.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't exactly see eye to eye with them...
:::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 219.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Then why did you still come here...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's how families are.
:::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 220.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Yeah...
:::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 221.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hold on, isn't that what I just said?
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 230 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 230 f.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Alright, alright. It's all because Serval and Gepard are worrywarts. Besides, you did save us...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 231.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Since you followed us all the way here, you probably know why we're out camping today...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 232.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Stay and watch the aurora with us.
::----
:;(Screen fades to black)
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 233.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' It's about time for it to appear...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 222.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hey! Lynxy! Look!
::----
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 227.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' *sigh*...I knew it.
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 229.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' They're always like this. It's impossible to get some private time as their younger sister.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't exactly see eye to eye with them...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 219.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Then why did you still come here...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's how families are.
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 220.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Yeah...
::{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 221.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hold on, isn't that what I just said?
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 230 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 230 f.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Alright, alright. It's all because Serval and Gepard are worrywarts. Besides, you did save us...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 231.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Since you followed us all the way here, you probably know why we're out camping today...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 232.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' Stay and watch the aurora with us.
----
;(Screen fades to black)
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 lynx 233.ogg}} '''Lynx:''' It's about time for it to appear...
:{{A|VO side1 pl1 pela 222.ogg}} '''Pela:''' Hey! Lynxy! Look!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===View the aurora{{subst:void|<!--201141220-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Outlying Snow Plains|update|The aurora that everyone has been looking forward to finally arrives after this string of incidents. Time to enjoy your "spoils."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Farther Than The Snow Plains
|zhs  = 比雪原更遥远
|zht  = 比雪原更遙遠
|ja   = 雪原よりも遥か彼方へ
|ko   = 설원보다 먼
|es   = Más allá de las llanuras nevadas
|fr   = Au-delà des Plaines des neiges
|ru   = Дальше, чем Снежные поля
|th   = ไกลเกินกว่าทุ่งหิมะ
|vi   = Xa Hơn Cả Cánh Đồng Tuyết
|de   = Jenseits der Schneewüste
|id   = Lebih Jauh dari Dataran Salju
|pt   = Mais Longe que as Planícies Nevadas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
