<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hook's Treasure#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2010706
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hook's Treasure.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Slices of Life Before the Furnace
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Hook's Treasure]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Hook; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hook's Treasure''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Slices of Life Before the Furnace]].

==Steps==
# Find Hook near the clinic

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find Hook near the clinic{{subst:void|<!--201070601-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Boulder Town|Hook gets criticized and runs out of the clinic. After all, she is just a child. For her safety, you decide to look for her.<br />It turns out that the eyes of the doll are gems. Will Hook have second thoughts when she hears this?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Hook)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 221.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Did the old witch yell at you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She did.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 222.ogg}} '''Hook:''' *sigh* But you were only there to help Hook... I'm sorry, honorary member!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She didn't.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 223.ogg}} '''Hook:''' What? Why did she only yell at Hook!?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 224.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Never mind that. You didn't tell her what I was really up to, did you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Absolutely not, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 225.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Great! Your loyalty as an honorary member of The Moles is acknowledged.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Natasha has excellent intuition.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 226.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...I'm aware of that! I just... didn't want to upset her!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 227.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Anyway, why are you still standing here, silly? Do you have something to report to the boss of The Moles?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Junjun's eyes are precious gems.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 228.ogg}} '''Hook:''' G&mdash;Gems!? Does that mean he's worth a lot of money?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will you sell him?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 229.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Of course I'll sell him! If the gems are expensive, Hook can buy a better birthday gift for daddy!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't want to sell him all of a sudden?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 230.ogg}} '''Hook:''' What are you talking about? Of course, I do! If the gems are expensive, Hook can buy a better birthday gift for daddy!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 231.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I don't want to keep Junjun's eyes. If some kid gets a Junjun with no eyes, they'll be sad, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 232.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Anyhow, this is super useful intel! If you'd been with The Moles a bit longer, I'd be promoting you to third-in-command right now!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk2 hook 233.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'll need your help again after Natasha fixes Junjun! Always be prepared to answer the call of Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hook's Treasure
|zhs  = 小虎克的宝贝
|zht  = 小虎克的寶貝
|ja   = フックちゃんのお宝
|ko   = 어린 후크의 보물
|es   = El tesoro de Hook
|fr   = Le trésor de Hook
|ru   = Сокровище малышки Хук
|th   = ของล้ำค่าของท่าน Hook
|vi   = Bảo Bối Của Hook
|de   = Hooks Schatz
|id   = Benda Berharga Hook
|pt   = Tesouro da Hook
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
