<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Old Foreman's Treasure#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2010501
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Old Foreman's Treasure.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Slices of Life Before the Furnace
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Old Foreman's Treasure]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Angry Vagrant; Antonia; Balaway; Cook; Elaine; Fersman; Fidora; Gertie; Helper; Hook; Julian; Maxime; Merchant; Natasha; Passing Vagrant; Sampo; Sardonic Vagrant; Swetta; Tailor; Tanya; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*350; Stellar Jade*60; Adventure Log*6; Shield (Item)*200; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Old Foreman's Treasure''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Slices of Life Before the Furnace]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Julian in the Underworld
# Go to the Great Mine to look for Hook
# Go to the clinic and ask Natasha about Fersman's condition
# Hook seems to have something to tell you. Go ask her
# Go to the Great Mine and meet up with Hook
# Talk to the suspects at the scene
# Talk to the cook to see if they're lying
# Talk to the tailor to see if they're lying
# Talk to the helper to see if they're lying
# Confront the cook and find the thief
# Confront the tailor and find the thief
# Confront the merchant and find the thief
# Confront the helper and find the thief
# Investigate the scene where the vein detector went missing
# Follow Hook and confront the suspect
# Find the packages using the information on the label
# Go to Boulder Town and consult Balaway
# Follow Hook and confront the suspect
# Return to the clinic and tell Fersman what happened

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Julian in the Underworld{{subst:void|<!--201050101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Boulder Town|You receive Julian's group message saying that Hook is in trouble. Find Julian and see what's going on.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Julian)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 101.ogg}} '''Julian:''' You! Hey, you, stop! You are now a conscript of The Moles!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hook's little sidekick...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 102.ogg}} '''Julian:''' I'm not a sidekick! I'm second-in-command! Argh. You know what? No. This ain't the time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The young little master of disguise...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 103.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Heehee, I, Julian of a Thousand Faces... Wait, it's not the time for this!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Who are you?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 104.ogg}} '''Julian:''' You kidding? It's me! The second-in-command of The Moles? Julian of a Thousand&mdash; You know what? No. It ain't the time for this.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 105.ogg}} '''Julian:''' We got trouble! The boss went to the Great Mine alone with her Diggertron!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 106.ogg}} '''Julian:''' And she refused to let anyone go with her. I feel like she's doing something dangerous... You have to go check on her for us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why would she go to the mines?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 107.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Fersman is in the mines. It seems like the boss heard some bad news about him, then just ran in there.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 108.ogg}} '''Julian:''' She even took her Diggertron. Is she preparing for a fight with the Vagrants...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 109.ogg}} '''Julian:''' There's lots of bad guys in the mines. Miss Natasha said kids ain't allowed to go in! Go check on her for us now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Diggertron?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 111.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Diggertron is Diggertron! As long as the boss has it with her, you can expect a good fight...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 107.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Fersman is in the mines. It seems like the boss heard some bad news about him, then just ran in there.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 113.ogg}} '''Julian:''' There's lots of bad guys in the mines. Miss Natasha said kids ain't allowed to go in! Go check on her for us now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is Fersman?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 110.ogg}} '''Julian:''' He's Hook's daddy, and he's like a daddy to everyone in The Moles! He's like... a great person!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry, I'll head there right away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why would I take orders from a little...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 115.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Someone's life is at risk! Forget the minor details!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, I'll go help Pitch-Dark Hook the Great.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 julian 116.ogg}} '''Julian:''' Thank you! Please hurry!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Great Mine to look for Hook{{subst:void|<!--201050102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|Julian, the Moles' second-in-command, stops you. According to him, something happened to Hook's daddy, and Hook needs your help.<br />The Moles often exaggerate their adventures, but you have a feeling that this time they're serious.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 101.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Calm down, calm down! We're all here to work for a living. Why not sit down and talk it out?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 101.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' Save it! We treated you as our leader, but look how you treated us?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantO 101.ogg}} '''Angry Vagrant:''' Such a rat!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 102.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' You sold the intel about the vein to Antonia, but we discovered it first! Now, we lost the mine and we have to work for those guys!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantO 102.ogg}} '''Angry Vagrant:''' Traitor!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 102.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 103.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' Well, nothing to say for yourself, huh? So you admit that you sold the intel to the mining team?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 101.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Go away, you brutes! Don't bully my daddy!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 104.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' Little Hook? No, no, you have it wrong. It's your daddy who bullied us first. Ask him if you don't believe me!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 102.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Daddy...?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 103.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Yes, I told Antonia about the vein... but I was the first one to discover it. I have the right to do anything with it.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 105.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' Tsk, it's only because you have that detector. Let's see who's boss when we take it from you!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 104.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Back off! I was thinking about the bigger picture when I did that, unlike you all who just look for trouble every day!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 106.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' Well, I think someone needs to teach you a lesson. Guys, get him!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 103.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You'll never lay a finger on daddy without passing through Hook!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Moles are here. Surrender now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here! Everybody, stop!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take it easy, everyone...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 104.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ah, it's you! Come and help Hook!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantN 107.ogg}} '''Sardonic Vagrant:''' Tsk, another punching bag? Fine by me! I'll kick all your butts!
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Vagrant*2}}
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 105.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Daddy, are you hurt?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 105.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' *coughing* ...Just a few scratches. How about you, Hook?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 106.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Don't worry about me! I have Diggertron. No one can hurt me!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 106 f.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Good, that's good... And you, {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}, are you hurt? Thank you for your help...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I barely felt a thing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll live.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 107 f.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Quit acting tough, {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}. Your injuries must be treated right away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm too young to die...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 108 f.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Don't be afraid, {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}. Your injury isn't fatal.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 109.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Ah, I remember... You are the outsiders Natasha mentioned before, right? I heard that you helped resolve some conflicts around the mines when you arrived. And again today, when you saved my life...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's no big deal.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 110.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' The conflicts between the vagrants and the mining team have lasted for quite a long time... Even if you have just temporarily mitigated our rather tense relationship, it is greatly appreciated.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Saving lives is my passion.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 111.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' What a noble young spirit you have! Thank you very much!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just wanted a fight.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 112.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Haha, whatever your motivation was... I appreciate your help.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 107.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Daddy, let's go to the old witch's clinic. You're seriously hurt!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 113.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' B&mdash;But... the vein detector that rapscallion was after&mdash; somebody already stole it from me. I need to keep searching, otherwise I might never see it again...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Head to the clinic. Don't make Hook worry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's more important? The detector or your life?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop talking nonsense and go to the clinic now!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 114.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' ...*sigh*
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 115.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' It's just a tool, I guess I should let it go. Let's head to the clinic.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the clinic and ask Natasha about Fersman's condition{{subst:void|<!--201050104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|A group of vagrants clashes with the Moles. You stop them, but it's too late... You hurry to the clinic to see if Daddy Fersman is OK.<br />You haven't figured out what happened, but you can tell that Fersman cares about Hook. At least he is a good father.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 101.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've taken care of your wounds. I'm running short on medical supplies these days though, so behave yourselves and stay away from trouble, you hear me?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Don't pretend you didn't hear that, Hook, I'm talking to you!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 108 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Hook wasn't the one that caused trouble. It was those bad guys! We were just defending ourselves, ask (Trailblazer)!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The boss is always right.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 109.ogg}} '''Hook:''' See!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...You are gonna spoil that kid.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We shouldn't indulge kids...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 110.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hey, whose side are you on!?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm glad we're on the same page. We can't just let this kid do whatever she wants.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know. It has nothing to do with me.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 111.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmph, you traitor!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Well, passing the buck is one way to handle this.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 106.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' That's enough for now. I'll say this one last time, Hook: If you cause any trouble again, I'll take Diggertron away. Do you understand?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 112.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Mmm... Hook understands!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 natasha 107.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The Boss of The Moles should stick to her word. I have patients to take care of, see you later.
----

;(Talk to Natasha)
:'''Natasha:''' I hope your exploration will make progress, (Trailblazer), and your journey will be free of pain.
:'''Natasha:''' Of course, even if you get injured by accident, no need to panic. Just leave it to the doctor.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hook seems to have something to tell you. Go ask her{{subst:void|<!--201050106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Boulder Town|update|Hook says nothing, but her eyes say that she needs your help.<br />You figure out right away that she wants you to help her find daddy's treasure. She won't give up.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Hook)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 115.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Wait, Hook needs you to help with something!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it about Fersman?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 116.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Yes! We can't just stand by and do nothing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 117.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...I haven't said what we're gonna do! But that's the spirit. You truly are an honorary member of The Moles!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huh, couldn't even give it a minute, could you?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 118.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Members of The Moles gotta help each other out! ...Please...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 119.ogg}} '''Hook:''' That detector is daddy's treasure, so I gotta get it back! You'll help me, won't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Helping others is my passion.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As long as you behave yourself...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to help you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...But you'll just keep pestering me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...And then I'll feel bad about not helping you.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 121 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Alright then! I'll be waiting for you at the shelter in the mine, {{MC|f=big sister|m=big brother}}!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 122.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I&mdash;I mean... Argh...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did you just call me...?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 123.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Seeya!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Great Mine and meet up with Hook{{subst:void|<!--201050107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|As you expected, Hook wants you to help her find daddy's treasure. But could there be a clue in the mine?<br />Hook's confidence cheers you up. No wonder she is the boss of the Moles.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 124 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 124 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Too slow, (Trailblazer), Honorary Member of The Moles! You should have gotten here before Hook!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 125.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Let me introduce you to Swetta. She is daddy's most trusted miner.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 101.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Not at all, Mr. Fersman trusts every vagrant, and every one of us trusts Mr. Fersman.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 102.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' But after what happened over at that Geomarrow vein... the atmosphere at the shelter became a bit tense.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 126.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'm here to find daddy's treasure, his vein detector! I heard that someone stole it, is that true?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 103.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Well... I would guess that's probably true.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 104.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' After the conflict in the mines, Wildfire gathered everyone at the shelter and took a headcount to check on the wounded. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Four people were not there.}}
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 105.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' When we returned to the shelter, Mr. Fersman's detector was gone. We searched all around the shelter but found nothing... I guess {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|one of those four people was the thief}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No one else was at the shelter during that time.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 106.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Yes. The shelter was usually crowded, so thieves would've had a hard time stealing things when everyone was around.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They picked the wrong time to commit the crime.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 107.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Indeed, now we can narrow down the scope of our search considerably.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 108.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' We vagrants have our dignity, too. I'm sure we will catch the thief, but...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 127.ogg}} '''Hook:''' But... what?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 109.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Actually, we've already asked those four suspects about it... but they all claimed to not have stolen anything.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 110.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Of course, we could never expect thieves to confess and turn themselves in, right? In my opinion, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|one of those four was lying}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The liar must be the thief.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 111.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' I agree.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There can't be more than one?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 112.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Hmm, doesn't seem likely.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Arrest everyone and interrogate them one by one!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 113.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' We're all vagrants. None of us have the authority to arrest anyone just because we feel like it.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 114.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Let's see whose words contradict with the facts, and that person would be the thief.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 115.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' All four suspects are at the shelter. If you're feeling confident, why not go give it a try? Maybe you can determine who the thief is.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 128.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ugh, adults are so dishonest! Hook's gonna question them one by one!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the suspects at the scene{{subst:void|<!--201050108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|According to Swetta, there were four suspects at the scene, and only one of them lied. Whoever lies now must be the most suspicious.<br />Hook is not a detective, but a child... You're the one who makes the decision.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Cook)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 112.ogg}} '''Cook:''' I told you. I'm sure that helper is the thief.

;(Talk to Tailor)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 113.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Keep it moving.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 114.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' I didn't steal any detector.

;(Talk to Merchant)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 122.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' That cook is a crook. He's definitely the one who stole Fersman's device.

;(Talk to Helper)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 112.ogg}} '''Helper:''' I didn't steal it. Really, it wasn't me...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the cook to see if they're lying{{subst:void|<!--201050109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|The cook is one of the four suspects. They have no alibi, and you need to question them in detail to see if they're hiding the truth.<br />According to Swetta, these suspects used to trust Fersman with all their hearts. Something must have caused a rift between them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Cook)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 101.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Well, well, well! What's this, playing detective, are we?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 129.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Spill it! Did you steal my daddy's detector?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 102.ogg}} '''Cook:''' You little brat! How dare you label me a thief! Someone needs to give you a good lesson on manners! I'm an honest and decent man, I'd never do such a shady thing!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 130.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmph, anyone can say that... If you really didn't steal anything, then just answer our questions!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 103.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Oh, you have a temper, huh? Alright, I'll spare a couple minutes for your little detective game.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 104.ogg}} '''Cook:''' I'm a cook, what else would I be doing? Don't you notice the smoky cooking smell all over me?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 105.ogg}} '''Cook:''' It's just that I happened to be out shopping for ingredients at that time. Otherwise, who'd want anything to do with this kind of thing?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 106.ogg}} '''Cook:''' That old Fersman was kind to me. When we were at Rivet Town, he put me in charge of the whole mining team's food supply.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 107.ogg}} '''Cook:''' And it's because I trusted him that I came to this mine with him. I mean, I didn't expect he would take that money for himself...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 108.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Anyway, he found that Geomarrow vein by himself, so I won't blame him for not sharing. But y'know, what he did was not like the old Fersman I knew.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see the detector?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 109.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Well... I don't want to be a snitch, but out of my respect for Fersman, I'll tell you a secret.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 110.ogg}} '''Cook:''' The helper over there, I saw him sneak into Fersman's tent and come out holding a box. See? Isn't he the most suspicious one?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is the most suspicious one is not up to you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You might be framing him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I believe you, but it's not up to me to judge.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 111.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Hehe, I don't care if you believe me or not. Told you all I know. Now leave me alone if you don't have any more questions, I'm busy.
::----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ResetBillboardInfo",
	"TargetEntityType": "NPC",
	"ID": 400001,
	"GroupID": 42
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the tailor to see if they're lying{{subst:void|<!--201050110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|The tailor is one of the four suspects. They have no alibi, and you need to question them in detail to see if they're hiding the truth.<br />According to Swetta, these suspects used to trust Fersman with all their hearts. Something must have caused a rift between them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Tailor)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 131.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Did you steal daddy's detector?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 101.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Nope.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 102.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' I'm no thief.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 132.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Really? Then you better answer our questions honestly!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 103.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Ask away.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 104.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Let's not waste time.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 105.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Spacing out.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 106.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Didn't notice anything.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 107.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Good man.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 108.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' But a bit of a cheapskate.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see the detector?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 109.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' No.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 110.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' What detector?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 133.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hey, would you mind talking more nicely?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 111.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' What?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 112.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' I always talk like this.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 134.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...I don't feel like she is the thief.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can we trust your hunch?
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 135.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Well, it's the hunch of Pitch Dark Hook the Great...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We shouldn't jump to conclusions yet.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 136.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...I know!
::----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ResetBillboardInfo",
	"TargetEntityType": "NPC",
	"ID": 400002,
	"GroupID": 42
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the helper to see if they're lying{{subst:void|<!--201050111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|The peddler is one of the four suspects. They have no alibi, and you need to question them in detail to see if they're hiding the truth.<br />According to Swetta, these suspects used to trust Fersman with all their hearts. Something must have caused a rift between them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Merchant)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 137.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Did you steal daddy's detector?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 101.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' What? How could you say that! You're gonna make me angry!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think you're suspicious.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't get upset. It's a perfectly reasonable question.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 102.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' You know what a businessman values the most? Reputation! If your slander ruins my reputation and harms my business... You'll pay for that!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 138.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Uh... Well, then answer our questions! We'll decide if we believe you or not.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 103.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I have the right to remain silent.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 104.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I... withhold my opinion toward this question.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see the detector?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 105.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' No comment.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 139.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Argh... You!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 140.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'll give you one more chance. Think carefully and give your answer to Diggertron this time!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Calm down, Hook. Don't scare him.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 106.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' You little brat. Grow a couple feet taller before you think about threatening me!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Think carefully and give your answer to my fists.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 107.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I've seen all sorts of things in my life. Why would I be afraid of you two little rascals?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 108.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' ...Here, how about we make a deal? I'll tell you what I know, in exchange for a small intel service fee &mdash; fair and honest!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 109.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Great!
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 110.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I like your style! Customers who don't fuss over the price are the best. So what do you wanna know? Ask away!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not gonna happen.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 111.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Well, looks like I can only continue exercising my right to remain silent. It's up to you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, I'll pay for your intel.
::::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 112.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Smart decision. I love doing business with smart people!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Spill it or I'll call Wildfire over!
::::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 113.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Trying to threaten me with Wildfire, huh? Think I'm afraid of them!?
::::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 141 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 141 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' (Trailblazer), let's tell Seele to take him away!
::::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 114.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Huh? No, please don't! I was only joking... Fine, I'll answer your questions! Please, just don't pull Wildfire into this.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 115.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I went into town to restock. Nothing out of the ordinary, right? I restock on a regular basis, everyone knows that. I was wondering why there was nobody at the shelter.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 116.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Fersman is an old customer of mine. He's pretty nice to me, though we are not so close. As to what he did about that Geomarrow vein, it was kinda unethical.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 117.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' We're all neighbors. We've known each other for a long time. But he sold out to the other side and left his own people out to dry... I really can't agree with that!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ResetBillboardInfo",
	"TargetEntityType": "NPC",
	"ID": 400003,
	"GroupID": 42
}</pre>
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|The helper is one of the four suspects. They have no alibi, and you need to question them in detail to see if they're hiding the truth.<br />According to Swetta, these suspects used to trust Fersman with all their hearts. Something must have caused a rift between them.}}

;(Talk to Helper)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 101.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Huh, Hook? What's the matter?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 131.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Did you steal daddy's detector?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 102.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Wha&mdash; Oh if I'd known I would become a suspect, I wouldn't have gone out at that time... How foolish of me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Relax. We're just checking off all the boxes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Feeling guilty or something? You seem a bit off.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 103.ogg}} '''Helper:''' O&mdash;Of course not! I didn't do anything wrong...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 143.ogg}} '''Hook:''' We just need you to answer a few questions!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 104.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Okay... ask away. It would be good to clear myself of suspicion.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 105.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Nothing special. I just went out to get some fresh air.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 106.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh dear, oh dear... I know that's a lame alibi! But I swear it's the truth.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 107.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Mr. Fersman? He's a good person. Though... oh, er, uh, never mind.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 108.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh no, oh no... I must sound very suspicious. But I really didn't do anything. You have to believe me...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see the detector?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 109.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Detector? No, I haven't seen anything, and I don't know anything...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 110.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Is that all the questions you have? Have I proven my innocence?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just stay calm and wait for the news.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've figured it out. Be careful.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 111.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh dear... All this waiting around is enough to make me even more anxious...
::----
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 144.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Argh... Hook's head is spinning! Do you remember everything they said?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 116.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Don't worry, I've written it down for you. Remember, among these four people, only the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|real thief will lie}}.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 117.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' *sigh* The cook said the helper did it, the tailor said it wasn't her, the merchant said it was the cook, and the helper said it wasn't him. So, do you know who the culprit is?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The cook.}}
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 147.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm... I don't know why, but I'll trust your judgment!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 148.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Come on, let's go accuse the culprit!
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The tailor.}}
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 147.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm... I don't know why, but I'll trust your judgment!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 148.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Come on, let's go accuse the culprit!
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The merchant.}}
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 147.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm... I don't know why, but I'll trust your judgment!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 148.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Come on, let's go accuse the culprit!
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The helper.}}
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 147.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm... I don't know why, but I'll trust your judgment!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 148.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Come on, let's go accuse the culprit!
::----
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Boss Hook, what do you think?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 145.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I think the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|cook}} and {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|merchant}} are the most suspicious. My gut tells me that one of them is the culprit.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 146.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Don't worry. Even if you choose the wrong one, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has other ways to uncover the true culprit.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 118.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' Right, we have other methods besides deductive reasoning to find out who the true thief is. Let's just examine what they've said first to decide.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 swetta 117.ogg}} '''Swetta:''' *sigh* The cook said the helper did it, the tailor said it wasn't her, the merchant said it was the cook, and the helper said it wasn't him. So, do you know who the culprit is?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront the cook and find the thief{{subst:void|<!--201050120-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|You've made a clear deduction, and now it's time to prove it. Follow Hook, and don't let the criminal run away.<br />You've long suspected that the cook lied to you. It's wicked of him to try to frame others.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropSetVisibility",
	"SpecifiedRelativePaths": [],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 45
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 149.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Huh!? Where's the cook? Where did he go?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 vagrantP 101.ogg}} '''Passing Vagrant:''' Beats me! I saw him running out in quite a panic.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 150.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Argh! That guy has to be guilty! Where is he running off to...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Probably trying to sell off the spoils.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So he's fleeing from justice, huh?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 151.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Oh yeah! I saw Mr. Sampo on the way to the mine when I came here... Could he be involved in this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It definitely has something to do with him!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's just trouble on legs.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Surely Sampo is innocent!
::...Heh, that would be a naive thing to believe.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 152.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Follow Hook, Mr. Sampo should be that way!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront the tailor and find the thief{{subst:void|<!--201050121-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|You've made a clear deduction, and now it's time to prove it. Follow Hook, and don't let the criminal run away.<br />You're not sure if the tailor is the thief, but one cannot waver in the search for the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Tailor)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 153.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hook figured it out, you're the one who stole daddy's detector!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 115.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Wrong.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 154.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Wrong? Why? Explain yourself!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 116.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Brains.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 tailorA 117.ogg}} '''Tailor:''' Use your brains.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 155.ogg}} '''Hook:''' She's pretty stubborn about denying it... Should we think it over again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Suppose the tailor is lying...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 156.ogg}} '''Hook:''' If she's lying, then that makes her the thief! But then, what the cook and merchant said would contradict each other...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 157 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 157 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' (Trailblazer), what actually happened here!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The culprit might be somebody else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I had it wrong...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 158.ogg}} '''Hook:''' What! Can I even count on you?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 159.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Forget it, let's keep looking for the culprit!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront the merchant and find the thief{{subst:void|<!--201050122-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|You've made a clear deduction, and now it's time to prove it. Follow Hook and don't let the criminal run away.<br />You're not sure if the tailor is the thief, but one cannot waver in the search for the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Merchant)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 153.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hook figured it out, you're the one who stole daddy's detector!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 123.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' You gotta be kidding me... You thought about it for that long, and came up with this conclusion?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 163.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ah? You mean... we got it wrong?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 124.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I gave you the answer, and you still couldn't crack the case, detective!? Why don't you just go home!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have to be so mean.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 125.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I already told you, it was the cook! Even if you asked me a hundred times, my answer would still be the cook!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're just trying to trick us.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 126.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Huh!? Is it that hard for you to admit you were wrong? Have you ever heard of something called "logic"?
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 164.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Just you wait. I'll find evidence, and then you'll be begging me for mercy!
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 127.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Fine, go ahead and look!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it really not you?
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 128.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Of course it's not me!
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 165.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hey, you're not questioning yourself, are you? Let's look for evidence and let him beg me for mercy!
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 129.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' Pff, right, I'd beg you for mercy. Go ahead, you'll understand once you find the truth.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I was wrong, my apologies.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 pedlarA 130.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I wouldn't lie to you, it was the cook. The cook did it, the cook!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 166.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm... Let's go look around and see if there are any more clues.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront the helper and find the thief{{subst:void|<!--201050123-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Helper)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 153.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hook figured it out, you're the one who stole daddy's detector!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 113.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Wha&mdash; What? You have the wrong person, I didn't steal anything! Waaaah... I knew you'd suspect me. I shouldn't have returned to the shelter at that time. If only I hadn't returned to the shelter...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you want to cry, go cry to Wildfire.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 114.ogg}} '''Helper:''' I really didn't do it, I don't know anything!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 115.ogg}} '''Helper:''' You... you just think I'm a pushover. That's why you're treating me like this! Wah...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did you take from the tent?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 116.ogg}} '''Helper:''' T&mdash;Tent? I've never even been close to Mr. Fersman's tent...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This isn't personal, it's just deductive reasoning.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 117.ogg}} '''Helper:''' W&mdash; Well... you deduced wrong! What kind of reasoning are you even using!?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 118.ogg}} '''Helper:''' I beg you, I never even stole pocket money from my parents as a kid. Don't wrong an innocent person...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 168.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmm... Maybe he really isn't the thief. Hook doesn't think he's lying...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you questioning my reasoning?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My deduction might be a little flawed...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 169.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Just think about it! Swetta said that only the real thief would lie to us.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 170.ogg}} '''Hook:''' If the thief really is the helper, then what he and the merchant said would both be wrong!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My mistake...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why haven't I noticed you being this smart before?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 171.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hmph! Adults are all so unreliable! Let's go look for more clues.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the scene where the vein detector went missing{{subst:void|<!--201050124-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|Although it doesn't go well, there are still clues related to the culprit at the scene. You're certain to find something if you look around.<br />There are many ways to find the truth... but for you, taking the long way is a shortcut.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:This is the tent that Fersman temporarily borrowed in the shelter. It looks like it has been rummaged and a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|packaging label}} has fallen on the ground.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 173.ogg}} '''Hook:''' This is the label from a supply box... I know where those boxes are!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 174.ogg}} '''Hook:''' That way, let's go take a look!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Hook and confront the suspect{{subst:void|<!--201050125-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|You've made a clear deduction, and now it's time to prove it. Follow Hook, and don't let the criminal run away.<br />You've long suspected that the cook lied to you. It's wicked of him to try to frame others.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 101.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' My friend, are you serious? This device is quite rare. Are you really willing to sell it to me at such a low price?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 102.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' I mean, I love a sweet deal as much as anyone, but I still have common sense &mdash; there has to be a catch, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 113.ogg}} '''Cook:''' No, no, why are you making this so complicated? Do you want it or not? Just tell me!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 186.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You two, stop right there! Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has arrived!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo, what are you doing here?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 103.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Just doing a little business. What's all the fuss?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That guy is a thief, he's trying to sell something he stole!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 104.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Tsk boy, I knew it was too good to be true!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That guy is a thief, he's trying to sell something he stole!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 104.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Tsk boy, I knew it was too good to be true!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Quiet! I'm going to give you a good butt-kicking!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 107.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' I gotta make this clear: I have nothing to do with this fella! You have to trust me&mdash; Miss Hook, please don't point that thing at me, it's scary!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 114.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Hey! How can you sell me out like that! We had a deal...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 187.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You! You stole daddy's treasure! Diggertron will not spare you...!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 115.ogg}} '''Cook:''' This... this is all that old Fersman's fault! Just because he has this device I'm holding, he can make a fortune... It's not fair!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 108.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Umm, well... It seems you guys have some issues to sort out. So... maybe I should leave.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's no reason for you to steal it.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 116.ogg}} '''Cook:''' What kind of a reason are you looking for? With the Underworld in such a sad state, how are we supposed to survive if we don't resort to robbing and stealing?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fersman has his reasons...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 117.ogg}} '''Cook:''' The heck if I care! With the Underworld in such a sad state, how are we supposed to survive if we don't resort to robbing and stealing?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 118.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Hmph, anyway, I got the device now! Come take it... if you have the guts!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Guess you want to do this the hard way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay, we'll take it then!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You got some guts taunting us yourself...
:Guess you want to do this the hard way.
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 172.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Let's go look around where daddy kept the detector. Maybe we can find some clues there.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 184.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Mr. Sampo's always at the clinic hanging around Miss Natasha. Hook thought he was really sick or something!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 185.ogg}} '''Hook:''' If he's working with the thief... then he's also a bad guy!
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 189.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hah, you sure talked tough for someone who can't fight! Come on, hand the detector over to Hook!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 190.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 191.ogg}} '''Hook:''' No... No! Daddy's treasure... It's broken!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Life is full of disappointments, sorry kid...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 192.ogg}} '''Hook:''' But... But...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can it be repaired?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 109.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Hey, now this is Sampo's time to shine!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're still here?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 110.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Of course! I wouldn't want to miss out on seeing you and Miss Hook's acts of heroism, would I?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 111.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Listen here, there's a fellow in Boulder Town they call Balaway the Miner's Lamp. He's an appraiser. Although he claims that he doesn't do appraisals anymore for ancient relics, he actually still does a bit behind the scenes for ones that are of especially high value.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 112.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' I think this device of yours is probably worth a lot. It might be a good idea to try your luck with Balaway.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 113.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Here's a trick &mdash; first, pretend that you want to sell it for a low price, then wait for him to excitedly fix the device for you. After it's fixed, tell him you've changed your mind and you want to keep it for yourself.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 114.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' This business tactic is what I call a "bait and switch." Pretty clever, huh?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 193.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Balaway the Miner's Lamp... Got it! Thanks, Mr. Sampo.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 194 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 194 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' (Trailblazer), let's go into town to find him!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 115.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Have a safe trip!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the packages using the information on the label{{subst:void|<!--201050126-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|The clumsy culprit left the packaging label when they stole the vein detector. Hook knows where these packages are.<br />You feel that you're getting closer to the culprit... You would have gone to the scene of the crime in the beginning had you known about this.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 175.ogg}} '''Hook:''' The label must've been on this box! Wait a minute... What's that smell?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 176.ogg}} '''Hook:''' *sniff* It smells like condiments! Mmm, this smells like salt-grilled olm...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What does this have to do with the culprit?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 177.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Not too many people smell like this...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm hungry.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 178.ogg}} '''Hook:''' There won't be any eating until we find the culprit!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 179.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I think the thief took daddy's treasure... and I think that this damaged probe is from the detector!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 180.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Has daddy's treasure been sold already?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 181.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Where could the thief have gone? Hmm... think, Hook, think...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Probably trying to sell off the spoils.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They probably haven't left the Great Mine yet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps they are off punishing themselves for their crime...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 151.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Oh yeah! I saw Mr. Sampo on the way to the mine when I came here... Could he be involved in this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It definitely has something to do with him!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mentioning that name sooner would've saved us a lot of time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sure Sampo is innocent!
::...Heh, who could ever say that confidently.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 152.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Follow Hook, Mr. Sampo should be that way!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Boulder Town and consult Balaway{{subst:void|<!--201050118-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Boulder Town|update|Sampo suggests that you ask for the opinion of a famous archaeologist, who lives in the underworld. Maybe he can save the detector.<br />Although you doubt his professional competence, Balaway is the only one around who knows much about antiquities.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Elaine)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Any place worth visiting underground?
::'''Elaine:''' Worth visiting? Let me think...
::'''Elaine:''' The Goethe Grand Hotel probably. And then it's the Fight Club.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the Goethe Grand Hotel.
:::'''Elaine:''' The Goethe Grand Hotel is right there. It's fancy, isn't it? After all, this is the Goethe family's first shop in the Underworld. It's the main store in Belobog!
:::'''Elaine:''' Gertie is the owner of the hotel and also my master. Not sure if you've met her...
:::'''Elaine:''' She's a great cook. You should try the food she makes.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the Fight Club.
:::'''Elaine:''' The Fight Club... it's said that there are professional boxers fighting and monsters everyday... it's especially lively at night.
:::'''Elaine:''' But I don't like those. They scare me... I've never been there. I only heard this from other people. I'm sorry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I see. Thank you.
:::'''Elaine:''' No worries! Although the Underworld is not as fancy as the Overworld, I hope you'll enjoy your time here!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to catch olms?
::'''Elaine:''' Hmm... because they are delicious?
::'''Elaine:''' It may sound funny but it's true. Olms are a common food in the Underworld. Many people would buy them for cooking.
::'''Elaine:''' Speaking of which, make sure you try the Iron Pot Braised Olm at the Goethe Grand Hotel.
::'''Elaine:''' I can assure you, that is the most delicious olm dish in the Underworld!
::'''Elaine:''' Ahhh... it makes me drool whenever I think of the crispy puff and the juicy olm meat. Master Gertie is such a wonderful cook...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you take any side jobs?
::'''Elaine:''' Well... I do. I will grab a net to catch olms after work...
::'''Elaine:''' However, I don't think I'm making any money. I usually can only catch two or three. When I try to sell them, I am told the price of olm has dropped...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you ever tried any other part-time job than catching olms?
::'''Elaine:''' Well... I did, actually quite a few.
::'''Elaine:''' But I only tried once or twice... In the end I realize the other jobs are more tiring than catching olms. Also, I'm not making much more money...
::'''Elaine:''' But catching olms is already not very profitable! I really don't get it... am I just unlucky? *sob*
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I shouldn't keep you. Best of luck.

;(Talk to Antonia)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard that the mine hasn't been peaceful lately.
::'''Antonia:''' Yes. As you saw last time in the mine, it's been a bit chaotic... but it will end. The vagrants will stop messing around sooner or later.
::'''Antonia:''' After all, they've got mouths to feed. If they really got rid of all the professional mining teams, those hooligans won't be able to make a living.
::'''Antonia:''' They are well aware of this, which is why they have never crossed the line. A small reward goes a long way with them. I just didn't expect the news to get all the way to Svarog this time...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you recruited some of the vagrants into the mining team.
::'''Antonia:''' Well, how should I put it...? Life isn't easy. If Boulder Town also gets eroded by the Fragmentum, we will have to find another livelihood. Who wouldn't want some help at a time like that?
::'''Antonia:''' But the old miners have their own ideas. They think the vagrants have made a mess of the mining team... and the vagrants aren't happy with their payment and feel that they've lost freedom... In the end, neither side is happy.
::'''Antonia:''' But I know what I am doing. This minor setback will not change my mind. Don't worry about it.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you have any recommendations for activities in the underground?
::'''Antonia:''' The Fight Club is quite popular. But personally, I wouldn't pay a shield for that kind of cheap show. It's vulgar and low-class.
::'''Antonia:''' There is a restaurant, the one owned by Gertie. The food there is quite good... so long as Gertie doesn't come up with some weird recipes on a whim...
::'''Antonia:''' Also, I heard there will be a rap concert where the vagrants are? I don't know how to appreciate that kind of thing, so I've never been there. Go check it out if you are interested. Just be careful there.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.

;(Talk to Gertie)
:'''Gertie:''' Sure. I'm not too busy right now.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What dishes would you recommend?
::'''Gertie:''' Dishes? Check the food review book on the wardrobe and see what interests you. They are all my masterpieces!
::'''Gertie:''' ...Well, basically everything.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Wild Herb Soup?
:::'''Gertie:''' Yes, moss in the cave is the main ingredient. It is refreshing, sour and sweet, and especially good to open your appetite. Although it doesn't look too appealing, the taste is just fine according to our customers' feedback.
:::'''Gertie:''' However, the moss is really not easy to dig. This dish is not always available...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Iron Pot Braised Olm?
:::'''Gertie:''' Ah, not this one... look at the one below &mdash; this is the modified version! We specifically use an iron pot to braise olm meat. That way the meat becomes really tender... I learned it from a book, hahaha.
:::'''Gertie:''' People love this dish. It should be available very soon. I can cook some for you if you are hungry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Candied mushrooms with pepper?
:::'''Gertie:''' Oh, it's a cold dish, as an appetizer.
:::'''Gertie:''' Can you eat spicy food? I use hammer pepper powder to enhance the flavor. Don't try this if you can't take spicy.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Rat Jelly?
:::'''Gertie:''' Well... I've renamed this Flavorful Jelly! This is a specialty of Boulder Town. Highly recommend!
:::'''Gertie:''' Don't get scared away by its original name... Hahaha.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Any other dishes...
:::'''Gertie:''' That's all for now... The rest of the dishes don't come out very nice. I'm still working on them. I'm so sorry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually have a lot of guests?
::'''Gertie:''' Many people come here for our food. But not many people stay in our hotel...
::'''Gertie:''' After all, most of our guests are from Boulder Town. People would gather here after work to chill and chat with each other. It's pretty lively.
::'''Gertie:''' I'm the owner and also the chef of the hotel! Many people come here because of my cooking.
::'''Gertie:''' You outsiders are certainly very well-traveled. Let me know if you have any preferences for food, maybe I can also learn something from you!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is this hotel under the administration of Wildfire?
::'''Gertie:''' Hahaha! What do you think Wildfire is?
::'''Gertie:''' Wildfire is just a peacekeeping organization started by people in the Underworld after the withdrawal of the Silvermane Guards. If there is a relationship between us... I would probably say they are our guests.
::'''Gertie:''' The people who join Wildfire are all kindhearted, good folk. Oleg wouldn't let any lazy good-for-nothings join. I have a nephew who works for Wildfire, he says they are really busy every day.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you tell me about the Goethe Hotel in Overworld?
::'''Gertie:''' Sure! Let me think where I should begin with...
::'''Gertie:''' I'll start with the Goethe family! After all, both hotels are our family business. It is said that our family was already here before the Eternal Freeze. We had a good relationship with Alisa Rand, the Supreme Guardian.
::'''Gertie:''' Our family used to be very influential. Have you heard of the Landau family? I guess we were similar to what they are today!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow, a prestigious family!
:::'''Gertie:''' Hahaha, that's all in the past. It's not worth mentioning.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do know the Landau family.
:::'''Gertie:''' Really? Now you know the Goethe family too. Congratulations! Hahaha.
::'''Gertie:''' After that, several scoundrels in the family lost all of our wealth. Fortunately, later on, someone revived our family business and they opened a hotel in the Underworld.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't know it had such a long history...
:::'''Gertie:''' True. Hundreds of years. My parents never told me the details. They just said this hotel was a legacy from my ancestors.
:::'''Gertie:''' As our hotel's business grew, some people wanted to expand the business to the Overworld.
:::'''Gertie:''' That Goethe must be very talented to be able to buy a shop in the busiest area of the Administrative District! That's how the Goethe Hotel in the Overworld was started.
:::'''Gertie:''' However, our family was divided ever since then, and now there are two separate branches in the Overworld and Underworld.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know Old Goethe from the Overworld?
:::'''Gertie:''' Of course! Although our family was divided, we do keep in touch. We hold family gatherings during festivals such as the Solwarm Festival.
:::'''Gertie:''' As for the Old Goethe you mentioned... According to seniority, we are actually the same generation, hahaha!
:::'''Gertie:''' But we haven't been able to get together since the Overworld and the Underworld were blocked. It's been many years...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then why is there another one in the Overworld?
:::'''Gertie:''' Be patient! I was about to talk about that.
:::'''Gertie:''' As our hotel's business grew, some people wanted to expand the business to the Overworld.
:::'''Gertie:''' That Goethe must be very talented to be able to buy a shop in the busiest area of the Administrative District! That's how the Goethe Hotel in the Overworld was started.
:::'''Gertie:''' However, our family was divided ever since then, and now there are two separate branches in the Overworld and Underworld.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know Old Goethe from the Overworld?
:::'''Gertie:''' Of course! Although our family was divided, we do keep in touch. We hold family gatherings during festivals such as the Solwarm Festival.
:::'''Gertie:''' As for the Old Goethe you mentioned... According to seniority, we are actually the same generation, hahaha!
:::'''Gertie:''' But we haven't been able to get together since the Overworld and the Underworld were blocked. It's been many years...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.

;(Talk to Fidora)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a mechanic?
:::'''Fidora:''' Of course. No one but a mechanic could make robots, could they?
:::'''Fidora:''' ...Well, actually, many people among the vagrants also possess that skill.
:::'''Fidora:''' But I'm different from them! They make robots for the Modified Robot Fight &mdash; the robots they make fight each other... I don't get the fun in it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you need a language module for?
:::'''Fidora:''' It's... Why are you being so nosey?
:::'''Fidora:''' Okay, I'll tell you... I'm trying to build a robot that can interact with humans emotionally.
:::'''Fidora:''' Not the kind of machine that only follows a program or answers the question you ask &mdash; A robot that understands human language, and speaks and acts like a normal human being.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you want to build something like that?
::::'''Fidora:''' Why? Because it's my dream, of course!
::::'''Fidora:''' I want to create a robot with emotions... it's my ultimate goal as an amateur mechanic!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you making an android?
::::'''Fidora:''' Android? What's that? It sounds weird... Right now, all I want to do is to equip the robot with a language module and do some additional optimization and improvement.
::::'''Fidora:''' In my opinion, mechanical structures are much more beautiful than the human body... I'm not stupid enough to try to make a robot look like a human. How boring would that be?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought you were making a humanoid mech that could be driven.
::::'''Fidora:''' I've thought about that... I heard that boys all dream of fighting in mechs.
::::'''Fidora:''' I get why they think that's cool. But for me, the most worthwhile research is to make robots that have human emotions...
::::'''Fidora:''' Anyway, that's all. Do you have any other questions?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Um... Nothing.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a mechanic?
:::'''Fidora:''' Of course. No one but a mechanic could make robots, could they?
:::'''Fidora:''' ...Well, actually, many people among the vagrants also possess that skill.
:::'''Fidora:''' But I'm different from them! They make robots for the Modified Robot Fight &mdash; the robots they make fight each other... I don't get the fun in it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Um... Nothing.

;(Talk to Balaway the Miner's Lamp)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 101.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' I'm already retired from appraising ancient relics. So unless this detector is some kind of precious treasure...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 195.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Look at this! The detector's probe broke off, can you fix it?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 102.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 103.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' Oh ho ho, this certainly is a rare relic! Let me take a closer look...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 196.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Yes, look extra close! You have to help Hook fix it!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 104.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' This device... I've been in the business for a long time, but never have I seen an ancient relic like this one before.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 105.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' I think this is probably beyond repair. But still, it is a rare treasure. Even broken, I'd be willing to pay a high price for it. What do you say?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can we trust your appraisal?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 106.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' The detector's probe is gone, it's like searching for something without eyes or ears. Now it's nothing more than a pile of junk with no practical value.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 107.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' I'm willing to offer a generous price for this thing. So, do you want to sell it or not?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you tell me more about it? I intend to sell it.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 108.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' The detector's probe is gone, it's like searching for something without eyes or ears. Who's going to want a pile of junk?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 balaway 109.ogg}} '''Balaway:''' I don't believe any other stores will buy it off you. Come on, I'll give you a nice deal.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 197.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Boss, I think we should go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe we should let Fersman decide what to do with it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We aren't going to sell it to you, you crooked profiteer!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 198.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 199.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Alright then, let's go find daddy...
----

;(Talk to Maxime)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What did you forget?
::'''Maxime:''' I don't know. What I do know is that it was something I should never forget... Look, give me some time! I'll try to retrace my memory...
::'''Maxime:''' Let's start with who I am. My name is... Maxime... I think.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think you need to start from the beginning...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did something big really happen?
::'''Maxime:''' Don't interrupt me. I had a hard time just remembering my name...
::'''Maxime:''' And then what do I do...? I'm a miner, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Maxime:''' You don't know either? How am I supposed to go on then...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a reasonable conclusion, given how you're dressed.
:::'''Maxime:''' Okay, let's just assume I am. I'm Maxime and I'm a miner.
:::'''Maxime:''' Ah, what's next?
::'''Maxime:''' It's over... it's all over...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm, we are back to square one.
:::'''Maxime:''' Wow, you look so relaxed. It was your fault, you know...!
:::'''Maxime:''' Never mind... I'll go over it all again. I'm sure I can remember something...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you remember the way to the clinic?
:::'''Maxime:''' What, do you think I'm ill?
:::'''Maxime:''' Never mind... I'll go over it all again. I'm sure I can remember something...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Well, take your time.

;(Talk to Tanya)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Hook and confront the suspect{{subst:void|<!--201050127-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Great Mine|update|You've made a clear deduction, and now it's time to prove it. Follow Hook, and don't let the criminal run away.<br />You're not sure if your deduction is correct, but one cannot waver in the search for the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 101.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' My friend, are you serious? This device is quite rare. Are you really willing to sell it to me at such a low price?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 102.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' I mean, I love a sweet deal as much as anyone, but I still have common sense &mdash; there has to be a catch, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 113.ogg}} '''Cook:''' No, no, why are you making this so complicated? Do you want it or not? Just tell me!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 186.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You two, stop right there! Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has arrived!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo, what are you doing here?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 103.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Just doing a little business. What's all the fuss?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That guy is a thief, he's trying to sell something he stole!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 104.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Tsk boy, I knew it was too good to be true!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That guy is a thief, he's trying to sell something he stole!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 104.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Tsk boy, I knew it was too good to be true!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Quiet! I'm going to give you a good butt-kicking!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 107.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' I gotta make this clear: I have nothing to do with this fella! You have to trust me&mdash; Miss Hook, please don't point that thing at me, it's scary!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 114.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Hey! How can you sell me out like that! We had a deal...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 187.ogg}} '''Hook:''' You! You stole daddy's treasure! Diggertron will not spare you...!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 115.ogg}} '''Cook:''' This... this is all that old Fersman's fault! Just because he has this device I'm holding, he can make a fortune... It's not fair!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 sampo 108.ogg}} '''Sampo:''' Umm, well... It seems you guys have some issues to sort out. So... maybe I should leave.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's no reason for you to steal it.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 116.ogg}} '''Cook:''' What kind of a reason are you looking for? With the Underworld in such a sad state, how are we supposed to survive if we don't resort to robbing and stealing?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fersman has his reasons...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 117.ogg}} '''Cook:''' The heck if I care! With the Underworld in such a sad state, how are we supposed to survive if we don't resort to robbing and stealing?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 cookA 118.ogg}} '''Cook:''' Hmph, anyway, I got the device now! Come take it... if you have the guts!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Guess you want to do this the hard way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay, we'll take it then!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You got some guts taunting us yourself...
:Guess you want to do this the hard way.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the clinic and tell Fersman what happened{{subst:void|<!--201050119-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|The detector is still broken, but it should be returned to its owner... You notice that Hook has lost her usual vibrance, as if she is disappointed in herself.<br />You know she has worked hard to find the detector, but disagree that it's her fault the detector is broken.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Fersman)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 141.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Where have you been, Hook? I was just about to go looking for you. Come on, let's go home, I'll cook some salt-baked rock crabs for you.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 200.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 142.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' What's wrong with this kid?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She's been like this ever since just now...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 143.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Why, what happened?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We found the vein detector.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 144.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Vein detector? The one I lost?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 201 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 201 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' (Trailblazer) and Hook helped daddy catch the thief that stole it!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 202.ogg}} '''Hook:''' But... daddy's detector... is broken. It's all my fault... If only I could've found it sooner...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 145.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' So it was stolen... You're not hurt are you, Hook?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 203.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'm fine! Daddy, can you see if your detector still works?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 146.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Hmm... the Geomarrow Probe is damaged. I'm afraid this thing won't work anymore.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 204.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'm sorry, daddy. I didn't help one bit...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 147.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' What are you apologizing for? Thank you so much for looking out for me, Hook.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 205.ogg}} '''Hook:''' But, daddy's treasure... Waaaah...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 148.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Don't cry, Hook! Daddy's true treasure has been here all along. It was never lost or broken.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 206.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is an adorable treasure indeed.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 207.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Huh, even you know what it is?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This treasure can even cry, you know?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 208.ogg}} '''Hook:''' It can... cry?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 149.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' The detector helped me find lots of Geomarrow veins, and it saved the mining team a lot of money. In that respect, it was a very good thing.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 150.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' But at the end of the day, the detector is just a tool. A true treasure must have irreplaceable importance to someone.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 209.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hook... doesn't really understand.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 151.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Hahaha, that's okay. I'm saying some things that might seem strange, but you will understand some day.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 210.ogg}} '''Hook:''' So, the treasure daddy is talking about...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 fersman 152.ogg}} '''Fersman:''' Is still happily running and jumping around.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 211.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Daddy...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 212 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 212 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' (Trailblazer), you're not allowed to see Hook cry! Go away!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Old Foreman's Treasure
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =   
|es   = El tesoro del viejo minero
|fr   = Le trsor du vieux contrematre
|ru   =   
|th   = 
|vi   = Kho Bu Ca Th M Gi
|de   = Schatz des alten Vorarbeiters
|id   = Benda Berharga Penambang Tua
|pt   = Tesouro do Antigo Capataz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
