<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Origin of the Medicine#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2010703
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Origin of the Medicine.png-->
|type          = Companion
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Slices of Life Before the Furnace
|requirements  = [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Origin of the Medicine]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Alert Vagrant; Calm Patient; Depressed Patient; Elderly Patient; Emotional Patient; Kind Old Lady; Lonely Woman; Natasha; Society President; Suspicious Patient; Timid Patient; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Natasha's Clinic]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Natasha's Clinic
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*350; Stellar Jade*60; Adventure Log*6; Shield (Item)*200; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Origin of the Medicine''''' is a [[Companion Mission]] in the chapter [[Slices of Life Before the Furnace]].

==Steps==
# Go to the clinic and talk to Natasha
# Talk to the first patient who skipped the follow-up visit
# Talk to the second patient who skipped the follow-up visit
# Talk to the third patient who skipped the follow-up visit
# Report what you found to Natasha
# Talk to the patients in the clinic
# Talk to Natasha about your thoughts on this matter
# Find the victim of the "wonder medicine"
# Talk to Natasha
# Go to Rivet Town to track down the "wonder medicine"
# Go to the location where the mutual aid society stores the wonder medicine
# Go back to the clinic and talk to Natasha
# Go to Rivet Town to track down the "wonder medicine"
# Report what you found to Natasha

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to the clinic and talk to Natasha{{subst:void|<!--201070301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|You receive a message from Oleg, who hopes you can visit Natasha and see what she's up to.<br />Every day, she works tirelessly to look after the patients, so Oleg hopes you can offer her some help.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 101 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You came at a good time, (Trailblazer), there is something you can help me with.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' According to my patient records, there are a few that haven't come for their follow-up visits. It happens from time to time, but never as regularly as this. I'm a bit concerned...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Have you heard of the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like a charitable organization.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds suspicious...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm, I agree.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Generally speaking, mutual aid societies like these allow patients to share their experiences and support each other. It's a way of countering all the negative emotional effects of being ill... But there might be more to this society than that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 106.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've got a few patients who've started refusing treatment since joining the society... It certainly makes you wonder.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 107.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The most suspicious part is that no matter how much I ask, no one's ever willing to tell me anything about it... and that's where you might be able to help.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got it, you want me to go undercover.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...It sounds dangerous, but what I want you to do is actually very simple. Investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out what exactly they're up to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I need to be ill before I can make inquiries?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...That won't be necessary, but it will help if you pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What should I do?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hmm... Pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If I find out they're preventing me from doing my job... or if they're bringing harm to my patients... I won't just sit on the sidelines.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 112 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Can I entrust you with this task, (Trailblazer)?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem, leave it with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have I ever refused you?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 113 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You're as considerate as always, (Trailblazer).
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This little clinic has huge numbers of patients to deal with every day... If I didn't have you here to help me out, I wouldn't be able to focus on giving them quality care.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 115 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 115 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Good luck, (Trailblazer). I'll be sure to thank you properly when you're back.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the first patient who skipped the follow-up visit{{subst:void|<!--201070302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Boulder Town|update|As the chief of Wildfire and the only doctor in Boulder Town, Natasha is busy every day, and it's almost impossible for her to leave the clinic.<br />What's worse, some stubborn patients refuse to come for a follow-up visit.<br />Do her a favor and persuade the patients who joined the so-called "mutual aid society."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Depressed Patient)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 101.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' You... I've seen you at the clinic. You run errands for Natasha, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, there goes my cover...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 102.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' ...Your cover? What are you talking about?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uh... Who's Natasha?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 103.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' ...Don't play dumb. I might be sick but my eyes still work.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 104.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' *sigh* Let me guess, Natasha wants you to persuade me to go back for a follow-up visit, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 105.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' *sigh* ...What's the use? I'm terminal. Life'll be over before I know it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was that Natasha's diagnosis?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 106.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' Of course not, I read it in a book.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 107.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' Every book I read has descriptions that match my symptoms exactly... I can diagnose myself with a dozen incurable diseases before I get halfway through.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 108.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' For people in my situation, a follow-up visit is just a waste of time and money... not to mention medicine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you serious?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Soooo nothing to do with you joining the mutual aid society then?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 109.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' Mutual aid what now? What are you talking about?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 110.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' ...What else is there to say. Natasha was seeing me free of charge. She said I could keep a tab running for as long as I liked, then pay it back when I had the opportunity... I guess I'm too proud.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Money's one thing, but life...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 111.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' You think I need you to tell me? Don't try and persuade me, I've already thought this through...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Appearances are more important than life, I feel you.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 112.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' ...Are you making fun of me? Have at it, you won't change my mind.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 113.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' *sigh* ...Dr. Vache never charged me anything either. Natasha's great, but Vache was always my number one...
:{{DIcon}} Who's Dr. Vache?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 114.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' Natasha's brother? They both used to practice medicine back in Rivet Town.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 115.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' I heard he was a top student from the Overworld medical academy &mdash; Belobog's main hospital wanted him. I've no idea what convinced him to set up down here... a kind heart, maybe.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Free medical care? I don't believe it...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 116.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' What do you mean? Dr. Vache was a people's doctor &mdash; he handed out free medicine. He even followed up with detailed questions on how we felt.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 117.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' The Underworld is always short on medical resources &mdash; they say that Dr. Vache made all his own medicine himself.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you go to him anymore?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 118.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' You think I don't want to? I heard that he... passed away.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 119.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' Uh... I should keep my voice down. Don't go telling anyone else about this next bit...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 120.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' I heard that Natasha had something to do with Dr. Vache's death. They say she was jealous that her brother had stolen her patients, so she...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And you believe that?
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 121.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' Agh, it's just something people were saying... I don't think Dr. Natasha could do something like that.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not impossible...
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 122.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' ...Hey, it's just a rumor. Don't take my word for it.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 123.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' *sigh* Forget I said anything. Since Dr. Natasha sent you over specially, I'll do her a favor.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientA 124.ogg}} '''Depressed Patient:''' I'll go to the clinic for my follow-up a little later. Bye for now...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the second patient who skipped the follow-up visit{{subst:void|<!--201070303-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Elderly Patient)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 101.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' ...What was that? You'll have to be louder! My ears aren't what they used to be &mdash; everything's muffled.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wanted to ask why you're not going for your follow-up visit.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 102.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Hah? Follow-up visit? Is that what you're asking about?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 104.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' *sigh* Natasha's a wonderful girl. She always gives me a thorough checkup...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 105.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' But at this age, it's rather a lot to bear. Even if they could cure me, I'm sure I wouldn't be around for long. I don't want to waste anyone's time...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's no time wasted where health is concerned, right?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 106.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Not for youngsters like yourself. When you get to my time of life, good health is a bit of a luxury I'm afraid.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should listen to Dr. Natasha.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 107.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' That girl's always trying to get me to take my medicine on time. *sigh* I know her heart's in the right place...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 108.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' My husband had the same illness as me, but he never touched the medicine. He wanted to make sure I had enough.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 109.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Then one day, he said he needed to take care of some things at the mine. He never came back...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 110.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' He was forever saying he wanted to go before I did. Hehe... Selfish old fool...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 111.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' I miss him. Now that he's gone, who cares how long I stick around?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sure he's up there caring right now.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 112.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' ...Do you think so? Wouldn't he want me to hurry up and join him...?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 113.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Hmph... Kids today don't give up easily.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dr. Natasha cares.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 114.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' ...You're not wrong, I suppose. That girl certainly spares me no effort, but I always feel like I'm a burden to her...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I care.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 115.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' You don't give up easily, do you? Still... you're full of kind words.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 116.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Okay, you win. It's off for another follow-up visit with Dr. Natasha, I suppose...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 117.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Mm? Did you want to say something else? My ears are terrible...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you heard of the mutual aid society?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 118.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Virtual who?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mutual aid society!
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientB 119.ogg}} '''Elderly Patient:''' Alright, I heard you! Do you have to shout? ...No, I've never heard of any mutual aid society...
:<!--2-second delay-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 101 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Avoiding a follow-up visit due to money issues...)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 102 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I should find another patient to talk to...)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the third patient who skipped the follow-up visit{{subst:void|<!--201070304-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Suspicious Patient)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 101.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Why haven't I gone for my follow-up visit... Are you a patient too, or did Dr. Natasha send you over?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What makes you say that?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 102.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Who else would care about people like me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're pretty sharp.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 103.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Hah, you should head on back then. Thank Dr. Natasha for her concern.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 104.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' I don't need Dr. Natasha's help now. Tell her to save her worries and medicine for other people.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you have a dispute with her?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 105.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' A dispute? No, no, she's the only kindhearted doctor in the Underworld.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 106.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' I just don't really approve of her methods, that's all. Too idealistic, and no real efficacy...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm through seeing her too...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 107.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Huh? So you had a dispute with her?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 108.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' ...She's the only kindhearted doctor in the Underworld. I just don't really approve of her methods, that's all. Too idealistic, and no real efficacy...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 109.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' She tries to save everyone, which means she can't save anyone... In the end, it's the patients who suffer, and she just tires herself out.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 110.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Miners like me don't have time for lengthy treatments... If I can't take something and get right back to work, I may as well lie down and wait for death to come knocking...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 111.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Did you know Dr. Vache? His wonder medicine is cheap and the results are immediate. You just need to be willing to... take a little risk.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Risk"?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 112.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Dr. Vache's medicine is... different. Lots of people make a full recovery after taking it... but some get worse, and the unlucky ones check out early.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 113.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Even knowing the risk, most people fought tooth and nail to get a hold of the medicine. You know why?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're willing to gamble with their life...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 114.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Hmph, you're smarter than you look.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've no idea.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 115.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Hmph... you've clearly never been in really dire straits.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 116.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' When life forces you to the edge, you'll throw yourself at any opportunity... even if it means risking it all.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 117.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' For people like us, a slow and tortuous treatment is the same as a death sentence. If it's between that and a quick result, we'll take the latter.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 118.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Ahem, forget it. Why am I telling you all this? Dr. Vache is dead, anyway...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where can I go to get this wonder medicine?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if I told you I agreed with you?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 119.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Hah, what, now you're interested in the wonder medicine?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 120.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Listen up... the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society is still selling that medicine... I can tell you where they trade, but there's a rule...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 121.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' ...You must not tell any of this to Dr. Natasha, you hear? If you break the rule, you'll face the consequences!
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientC 122.ogg}} '''Suspicious Patient:''' Here, take this, it's the address. A final warning &mdash; do not reveal this information to Natasha!
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 105 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 105 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I know where to find the wonder medicine. What should I do next...?)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 106 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (That patient didn't want me to tell Natasha about this... Should I listen to him?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's tell Natasha first.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's investigate the wonder medicine address first.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 201070304,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:<!--2-second delay-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 103 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 103 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Avoiding a follow-up visit due to her husband...)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 104 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I should find another patient to talk to...)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report what you found to Natasha{{subst:void|<!--201070305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|The patients who refuse to come to the clinic for the follow-up visit share their different opinions, and the mystery about a type of "wonder medicine" attracts your attention.<br />But the time spent with Natasha makes you believe that she is a good doctor and a good person, you decide to report what you found to her first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 116.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So the mutual aid society found my bro&mdash; ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patients wanted me to keep it a secret from you.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 119.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient said he was willing to take the risk.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 120.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...As a doctor, I don't accept that &mdash; I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 121.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 122.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 123 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 123 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). Those patients weren't exactly singing my praises &mdash; thank you for having faith in me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 124.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the patients in the clinic{{subst:void|<!--201070306-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|You tell Natasha about the wonder medicine. She states that she's strongly against the mutual aid society selling drugs.<br />Natasha suggests you talk to the patients in her clinic to hear different opinions on the wonder medicine.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Emotional Patient)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 101.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' The medicine Vache left behind? That stuff... Can you even call it medicine?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 102.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' I know Dr. Natasha's here, but I have to tell it like it is... Vache had zero medical ethics &mdash; he didn't deserve the title "doctor."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 103.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' He may have had the capability, but he didn't use it to help anyone... Whenever I went to see him, he never even asked about my illness! He just prescribed me his so-called "wonder medicine..."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 104.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' If it were you, would you have taken that medicine?

;(Talk to Calm Patient)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientF 101.ogg}} '''Calm Patient:''' Some people say that Dr. Vache was a saint who came from the Overworld to help those in need... I don't buy it.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientF 102.ogg}} '''Calm Patient:''' "People's doctor..." That's just what people who've bought into the myth like to say. Vache used to distribute free medicine all the time, but, uh... he couldn't have cared less about the people taking the medicine...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientF 103.ogg}} '''Calm Patient:''' The hard truth is that we were just his test subjects. It didn't matter if the medicine worked or not. What mattered was having a constant stream of willing lab rats...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientF 104.ogg}} '''Calm Patient:''' ...Of course, I can't control what anyone else thinks. That's just how I see it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Natasha about your thoughts on this matter{{subst:void|<!--201070307-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|The patients in the clinic tell you that Dr. Vache, who developed the wonder medicine, doesn't care about his patients at all.<br />This is completely different from what you heard from those who joined the mutual aid society.<br />Perhaps Natasha is the only one who knows the truth... After all, she's Vache's sister.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 135.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I still haven't worked out how to convey it to you, the issues surrounding Vache. My relationship with him... the things he's done in the Underworld... it's a long story.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 136 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 136 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm guessing you've heard a lot of different opinions on Vache. What do you make of him, (Trailblazer)?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think he was a doctor with zero medical ethics.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's tough for me to say.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think he's insane.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 137.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I see... I can understand that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 138 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 138 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), I want you to go and visit another patient &mdash; a victim of the wonder medicine... I want you to see the real consequences of abusing that medicine.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 139.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Once you've understood her situation, come back and tell me what you think. After that... I want to ask for your help again.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the victim of the "wonder medicine"{{subst:void|<!--201070310-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Boulder Town|update|After talking with you, Natasha hopes that you can go to the underworld to visit the last patient.<br />It is said that she is a victim of Vache's "wonder medicine," which means you need to be extra cautious when talking with her...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lonely Woman)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 101.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 102.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' ...Who are you...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a friend of Dr. Natasha.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a... miracle doctor from beyond the sky.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 103.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' ...Who? And... who am I?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You haven't introduced yourself yet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're one of Dr. Natasha's patients, don't you remember?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 104.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' ...Where's my husband... and where's my child...?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 105.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' ...Wh&mdash;Where are they? You... you know where they are, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm afraid not. Are you okay?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Try and stay calm...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 106.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' ...You don't know... they don't know... nobody knows...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientG 107.ogg}} '''Lonely Woman:''' Where... Wh&mdash;Where did they go...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 101.ogg}} '''???:''' Come over here, child. It's best to leave that poor lady in peace. Let me explain...
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 102.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' That poor, poor lady... Both her husband and child became ill and passed away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They must have been seriously ill...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 103.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' *sigh* ...Not terribly serious. But they needed to get treatment every now and then, which did impact their livelihood.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And that made her become like this?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 104.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' Yes... Before her family passed away, she was a carefree young woman.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 105.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' Her husband and child caught a mysterious illness. The symptoms weren't grave, but their livelihood was certainly impacted.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 106.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' In order to try and rid themselves of the ailment once and for all, they bought some kind of "wonder medicine..." Who would've thought their condition would deteriorate so rapidly after they began using it.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 107.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' The two began to suffer terribly, such that death became a blessing... It wasn't long before they departed this world, one after the other.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 108.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' From that moment on, oh she became as you see her now. If Dr. Natasha hadn't taken her under her wing... *sigh* Well it doesn't bear thinking about.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It just sounds like poison...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 109.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' And yet what more could've been done? They were warned about the medicine. They were told about the risks... They chose to roll the dice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They were unlucky...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 110.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' Just unlucky? As far as I'm concerned, those medicine dealers are making money for murder in broad daylight... Who would sell such a thing to the sick?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientH 111.ogg}} '''Kind Old Lady:''' *sigh* Talking about it tires me out. At least my husband and I are able to help her where we can. I just hope that one day she can lead a normal life again...
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Natasha{{subst:void|<!--201070311-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|Vache's wonder medicine destroyed that poor woman's family.<br />Now, you're sure that the so-called Mutual Aid Society is an evil organization that sells counterfeit drugs which can kill people.<br />Go find Natasha again and see what she thinks should be done.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 140 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 140 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Did you speak to her, (Trailblazer)?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 141.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the look on your face... I'm assuming you've come to understand the wonder medicine all too well.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The people selling that stuff are devils.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Those medicine dealers prey on our weaknesses...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 142.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 143.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Be it Vache or the mutual aid society &mdash; forces like that can take full advantage of the... the typical Underworld state of mind.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 144 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 144 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let me tell you a story, (Trailblazer).
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 145.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' There was once a brilliant Overworld doctor with unmatched pharmaceutical skill.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 146.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The doctor was set on developing a medicine that would steel the human body against the cold. He named his research project "Blizzard Immunity."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 147.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But his research met with obstruction time and time again, the biggest factor being a lack of test subjects. Tampering with the human immune system carries huge risk, and nobody in the Overworld was willing to submit themselves to such experiments.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 148.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' As such, the doctor got in touch with his sister in the Underworld... claiming that he wanted to support the medical effort below ground.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And then...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 149.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Naturally, his sister was overjoyed. After all, as far as medicine was concerned, her brother had always been the standard she'd strived to attain.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 150.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' She brought her brother underground and entrusted him with her clinic and laboratory...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 151.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I think you know what comes next.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry that I doubted you before...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's hard to believe he was your brother...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 152.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Issuing free medicine to the needy was just Vache's way of conducting experiments on his test subjects.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 153.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' On some level, his reagents were able to alleviate the patients' suffering... but nothing more. They would forget their pain for a while, and neglect their regular treatment plans...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 154.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The result... patients with mild illness would attribute their recovery to the so-called wonder medicine, while patients with serious illness would quickly deteriorate... and sometimes die.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 155 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 155 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I cannot accept that their fate was simply the result of misfortune or risk, (Trailblazer). No true doctor would accept that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 156.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' That's why I want you to help me recover all the wonder medicine. Are you willing to take on this assignment?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Somebody has to do the right thing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not my preferred course of action, but...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 157.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...But it's impossible to sit on the sidelines, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 158 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 158 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer).
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 159.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This will be hard for the people that have come to rely on the wonder medicine... but it's up to us to remove this false hope.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 160.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You mustn't hesitate &mdash; recover every last reagent that Vache left behind. I'll take responsibility for the consequences &mdash; don't worry about that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 161 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 161 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Go, (Trailblazer). I'll be waiting for the good news.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Rivet Town to track down the "wonder medicine"{{subst:void|<!--201070312-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Rivet Town|update|Natasha has decided to dismantle the mutual aid society that sells counterfeit drugs with your help.<br />Head to Rivet Town to find where the wonder medicine comes from. Also, if you meet any organizers of the mutual aid society along the way, it's best to teach them a lesson.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 116.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Stop right there! No one's allowed up ahead!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hand over the wonder medicine.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 117.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Oh-ho! Playing the hero, are we? Is this a stick-up?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 118.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' You're that clinic woman's lackey, aren't you. Did you think the mutual aid society didn't have its own intel?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to buy.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 119.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Who are you trying to kid? You're that clinic woman's lackey. Did you think the mutual aid society didn't have its own intel?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just taking a walk...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 120.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' In the Fragmentum? Gimme a break!
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 118.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' You're that clinic woman's lackey, aren't you. Did you think the mutual aid society didn't have its own intel?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 122.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' She's after our medicine and sent you here to smash the place, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 123.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Men, look lively and send this idiot packing already!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the location where the mutual aid society stores the wonder medicine{{subst:void|<!--201070313-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Rivet Town|update|Natasha has decided to destroy the mutual aid society that sells counterfeit drugs with your help.<br />You defeat the gatekeepers of the mutual aid society. The wonder medicine must be hidden nearby.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientJ 110.ogg}} '''Society President:''' Blast it... What did we ever do to you? Why are you taking away our money-maker!?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 162.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' "...Money-maker"?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 163.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So you admit it, then? You're not in this to save lives. You're in it to get rich.
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientJ 111.ogg}} '''Society President:''' Wh&mdash;What are you doing here? Ugh, as if we didn't have enough trouble already...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 164.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Selling fake medicine with false kindness. You should have expected trouble to find you sooner or later.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 165.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I have a responsibility to protect the well-being of my patients... or to put it another way: I must eradicate any and all threats to them.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientJ 112.ogg}} '''Society President:''' You... You can't save everyone! The Underworld is teeming with sickness... how could you possibly pull it off!
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 166.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You're right, I can't save everyone alone... but if I must, I would sacrifice food and sleep to treat them.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 167.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The debt that Vache owes to the Underworld rests with me. All I can do is help everyone to the best of my ability... to the very end.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientJ 113.ogg}} '''Society President:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientJ 114.ogg}} '''Society President:''' Ugh... So stubborn... In that sense, you're no different from your crazy brother.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 168.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I'll take that as a compliment.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 169 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 169 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). Your actions today have saved many Underworld families.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 170.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'll find a way to dispose of Vache's leftover reagents. Next time the "Mutual Aid Society" wants to whip up a quack cure? They'll be out of luck.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 171.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let's go back to town. I still owe those patients an explanation...
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go back to the clinic and talk to Natasha{{subst:void|<!--201070315-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|You defeat the president of the mutual aid society and his helpers, stopping them from ripping off and murdering people by selling counterfeit drugs.<br />Natasha shows her appreciation for you and invites you to the clinic again to chat with her.<br />Maybe she will finally tell you the whole story about Vache.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 177 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 177 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh... (Trailblazer), you're here. I apologize, that must have made for uncomfortable viewing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you okay?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 178.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm... I'm okay. If I were in his shoes, I may well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to straighten out that loudmouth myself!
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 179.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Don't let your emotions get the better of you. If I were in his shoes, I might well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 180.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Let's leave it for now. I'll feel a lot better once I've gotten rid of this mess that Vache left us.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 181.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Now's as good a time as any to tell you Vache's whole story.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 182.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If there's anything you want to know, don't hesitate to ask.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Was he your biological brother?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 183.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' No... but I used to think we were so close that we may as well have been...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 184.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I actually grew up in the orphanage. It wasn't until I was adopted by an Overworld family that life changed for me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 185.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' My adoptive mother always saw me as her own flesh and blood, and Vache loved me like a sister... that is, while we were still young.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 186.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' My adoptive parents belonged to a prominent medical family &mdash; as kids, we were exposed to all kinds of medical texts. When we were older, both of us got straight into Belobog's medical school. We were on a path into the medical profession.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of person was Vache?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 187.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He was gentle and introverted. But when it came to work he could be absurdly obsessive... like a completely different person.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 188.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Whenever I made a mistake in an experiment, he'd bite my head off... and then a while later, he'd apologize and comfort me. He was conflicted in that way.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So you knew this medicine was his work?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 189.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I didn't know he had leftover reagents in Rivet Town. I was shocked when you told me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 190.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you fail to make a clean break with the past, the past creeps up on you...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did he...really pass away?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 191.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* That's a long story... Ever since he was little, Vache had always wanted to develop a medicine called "Blizzard Immunity."
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 192.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He saw the human body's vulnerability to cold as a disease, and wanted to cure it so that humanity could survive the Eternal Freeze. If he succeeded, people would be able to leave Belobog and rebuild their homes in the Snow Plains.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you share his vision?
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 193.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' To be honest, I never understood how he'd achieve that "Blizzard Immunity." But I do admire that vision and perseverance... I always chose to believe him, ever since I was a kid.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Brief silence)
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 194.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I do admire his vision and perseverance, even though "Blizzard Immunity" always seemed unachievable to me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 195.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I knew his research in the Overworld wasn't going well. I used to write to him and ask him to come down and stay with the kids in the orphanage for a while. I thought it might help take his mind off his research.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 196.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But I was too young to know what long-term frustration could do to a person. It changed him in a terrible way...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Changed him...?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 197.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' During his stay in the Underworld, he met patients affected by Fragmentum corrosion with mild symptoms. Compared with non-patients, their bodies reacted differently to hot and cold. And that fascinated Vache.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 198.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He began to simulate mild Fragmentum corrosion, thinking that it could lead to breakthroughs in developing Blizzard Immunity.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 199.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Those reagents of his aren't cure-alls for critical illness &mdash; that doesn't exist. Vache made the reagents to mitigate the suffering of his patients in the short term &mdash; a convenient way for him to observe changes in his test subjects.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 200.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But behind my back, he had been doling out the reagents to residents who were kept in the dark. When it finally struck me that something was wrong, his terrible research had already turned him into... into a madman.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He'd lost his last shred of humanity...
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 201.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Indeed... and it all happened under my nose. How ridiculous &mdash; my judgment was clouded by trust in a loved one...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did nothing seem strange to you all that time?
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 202.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I trusted Vache with all my heart. Funny, isn't it? And pathetic.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 203.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' When his experiments were exposed, I spent a long time with Oleg discussing how to handle the aftermath.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 204.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This was shortly before the Underworld was sealed off &mdash; there were hardly any Silvermane Guards remaining. We spent ages trying to find a way to handle Vache.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 205.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' In the end, Oleg suggested that we banish him and permanently deny him access to the Underworld.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 206.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Had his victims found out the truth, Vache would've been torn to pieces by furious Underworlders. I was young and weak at the time &mdash; Oleg must have worried about how I'd react to such a scenario, or he wouldn't have suggested banishment.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Banishment isn't a particularly harsh punishment...
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 207.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* Looking back, it wasn't. He deserved much worse...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You two did the right thing.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 208.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I hope so. The day I learned the truth was the day I no longer recognized my brother.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 209.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oleg and I took Vache to the Overworld. He made his final request to us: To take him outside the city to the Snow Plains he'd always wanted to conquer.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 210.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' His figure gradually disappeared into the snow curtain... I've been telling myself that Vache is dead ever since.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 211 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 211 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Forgive me, (Trailblazer), I'm not good at telling stories. Vache was a terrible brother and a worse doctor... That's all you need to know.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 212.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let's call it a day. Thank you for cleaning up the mess my brother left behind. Here &mdash; for your trouble.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Rivet Town to track down the "wonder medicine"{{subst:void|<!--201070326-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Rivet Town|update|The patients who refuse to come to the clinic for follow-up visits are each telling their own story, and the mystery surrounding this "wonder medicine" has left you deep in thought.<br />These patients seem to have some grievances against Natasha, which has caused you to feel a little unsettled.<br />To find out the truth, perhaps it would be best for you to make a trip to Rivet Town yourself and investigate the mutual aid society.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 101.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Hey, where do you think you're going?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} To buy medicine from the mutual aid society.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 102.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Medicine? Oh... you mean Dr. Vache's wonder medicine, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just taking a walk...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 103.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' In the Fragmentum? Hmph, gimme a break.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 104.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' You're the same as everyone else that comes through here. If you want medicine, you don't need to go any further &mdash; you talk to me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 105.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' And we only take cash, this ain't a charity...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard the medicine here is pretty cheap.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 106.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' The mutual aid society sets the price. It might be different from Dr. Vache and his handouts, but it's a darn sight cheaper than that clinic woman's medicine.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 107.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' ...Well, are you buying or not? Spit it out. I don't have time for chit-chat.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if a patient doesn't have the money?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 108.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' No money? Then you don't get any. You go home and wait for death.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 109.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' ...Say, what are you trying to pull here? If you can't afford it, then get outta my sight. I've got medicine to sell.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 113.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Wait a minute, your clothes... Are you friends with that doctor woman? I've seen you at the clinic before &mdash; I know it!
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 114.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Get lost &mdash; now! If you're a friend of that woman then you're not welcome here! Shop's closed today, no customers!
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientD 101.ogg}} '''Timid Patient:''' ...W&mdash;Wait! What about our medicine? We've been waiting for ages...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 115.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Get lost! All of ya! Save your breath and come back some other time!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report what you found to Natasha{{subst:void|<!--201070327-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=companion|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|The hooligans from the mutual aid society recognize you and refuse to sell you the so-called wonder medicine.<br />Their attitude is so suspicious that it makes you think they're not taking patient care seriously.<br />You decide to talk to Natasha first and report the matter.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Natasha)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 125.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 126.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So the mutual aid society found my bro&mdash; ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 127.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patients wanted me to keep it a secret from you.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 128.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient said he was willing to take the risk.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 129.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...As a doctor, I don't accept that &mdash; I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 130.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 131.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 132.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm guessing the patients you met weren't exactly singing my praises, which is why you tracked the dealer down and made inquiries first.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 133 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 133 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I don't blame you, (Trailblazer). After everything you heard, I'm grateful you came back to find me. Your trust is important to me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 134.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
:<!--2-second delay-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 107 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (That medicine seller sure shut up shop in a hurry...)
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 player 108 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I should head back and report to Natasha.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 vagrantU 114.ogg}} '''Alert Vagrant:''' Get lost &mdash; now! If you're a friend of that woman then you're not welcome here! Shop's closed today, no customers!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Origin of the Medicine
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =   
|es   = Bsqueda del origen de la medicina
|fr   = Les origines de la mdecine
|ru   =  
|th   = 
|vi   = i Tm Ngun Thuc
|de   = Suche nach dem Ursprung des Medikaments
|id   = Penelusuran Obat
|pt   = A Origem da Medicina
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
