{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are in a pitch-black room. The television before you is showing an infomercial channel funded by the IPC Traditional Project Department.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "You're watching the Capital of Passion infomercial channel. Before we start, we'd like to respond to the complaints on the Casket of Inaccuracy lodged by our viewers. As you know, if the Casket of Inaccuracy is accurate, it should be called the 'Casket of Accuracy' instead... *crackle*..."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Static appears on the old television as the signals get weaker. Soon, you cannot even hear the sound clearly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Smack it.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You smack the television. Its screen flickers twice and returns to normal.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kick it.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You kick the television, and a surge of pain shoots up from your toes &mdash; a button wedges between your flesh and your toenail. The television screen flickers twice and returns to normal.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Next, we'd like to introduce a pan-cosmic product from IPC."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "A box of expired doughnuts. As the Capital of Passion has entered its 4th era, food can almost be preserved forever. Thus, the citizens are curious about how expired food tastes."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "A lotus that can sing the Happy Birthday song. As a feature in everyone's childhood, it appears countless times in people's dreams."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "A mechanical box. It looks like it didn't manage to get sold for over 200 years."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You are lost in thought.
:{{DIcon|Star}} A box of expired doughnuts. &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 40% of their current HP. Gain 250 Cosmic Fragments.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You take a bite of the doughnut and feel your stomach churning...
:{{DIcon|Star}} A lotus that can sing the Happy Birthday song. &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragments, gain 4 random Component(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' As the lotus starts singing, your childhood memories come flooding back. You seem to have traveled back in time to the previous era...
:{{DIcon|Star}} A mechanical box. &mdash; Spend 100 Cosmic Fragments, gain 3 random Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You open the box and see something odd inside...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave this place. &mdash; You're not interested.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The infomercial is addictive. You want to keep watching, but the screen suddenly turns off.

;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_403810421)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The television shattered! Some strange things are coming out of it.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}