{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk into the most adorable Kiliro Fish Restaurant on Pier Point &mdash; a place made of a giant bubble in the shape of a fish eye. Through the curved glass, you can see the subspace barrier. You have a good time in the pleasant afternoon sunshine.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' While the other customers are enjoying the piscatorial ultrasonic wave cerebral fascia massage, you stuff a fish eye into your mouth and plunge into a social dreamland. Pier Point is seeing a period of development during which the galactic currency will be raining down regularly from the sky. You are thrilled, as you own the IPC's bonds.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Your mind returns to reality when the fish eye is fully digested in your stomach. It's time for you to go to work, but you are reluctant to move...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Swallow the other fish eye and continue to enjoy the massage. &mdash; Obtain 1 random Negative Curio and 300 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=300}})
:{{DIcon|Star}} Return to work. &mdash; Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Never go to work again! Never...|Obtain 1 Nihility Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity.}}
:;(Obtain a 2-3 star Blessing of Nihility)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Catch more fish eyes...|Obtain 2 Negative Curios and 500 Cosmic Fragments.}}
:;(Obtain 2 random Negative Curios)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=500}})
{{Dialogue End}}