{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Insect Nest
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Tayzzyronth
}}
'''Insect Nest''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You accidentally step into a ground trap made of branches and leaves &mdash; the type you believe to be used only by the most old-fashioned hunter on planet Bled. You get to your feet, and the entrance of a nest is before you.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Go deeper into the insect nest. &mdash; Everything appears to be unknown.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Slowly, you make your way into the insect nest. As you brush off the eggs hanging upside down from the roof, you discover to your amazement that newborns within the translucent egg sacs are scratching their still unopened compound eyes with their antennae.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You find an astonishing sight at the end of the nest. On a throne atop a pile of hundreds of "egg sacs," "they" are sleeping soundly.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' A day passes when you blink once. You feel you are looking at the sleeping form of [[Tayzzyronth]], the Imperator Insectorum, over and over, hoping that they will open their eyes and look at you.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The first egg sac softly ruptures, and new life blooms.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Hug it. &mdash; Obtain Negative Curio: Insect Web and a 3-star Blessing.
::;(Obtain 1 random Negative Curio<nowiki>:</nowiki> {{Item|Insect Web|20|type=Curio|link=Simulated_Universe/Curio#Insect_Web}})
::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' When you lift the flat, round-shaped egg sack with your hands, its nutrients leak out like a punctured green cell. Then, it wriggles its curved body into your skin.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Wait for "them." &mdash; Obtain a 2-star Blessing, and all characters lose HP equal to 50% of their current HP.
::;(All allies lose 50% of their current HP)
::;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Soon, a voice begins to ring in your head... Tay█zzy█ ██ro█n█ █th██... The long wait destroyed you, and you flee in a hurry.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Stop at the entrance of the nest. &mdash; Don't bet hastily.
:;(Obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You believe your life doesn't need adventures... More importantly, you dread to face Tay█zzy█ ██ro█n█ █th██'s █ █childre███ ████...
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have obtained some Cosmic Fragments.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Insect Nest
|zhs   = 虫巢
|zht   = 蟲巢
|ja    = {{Rubi|蟲|むし}}の{{Rubi|巣|す}}
|ko    = 곤충집
|es    = Nido de insectos
|fr    = Nid d'insectes
|ru    = Гнездо насекомых
|th    = รังแมลง
|vi    = Tổ Côn Trùng
|de    = Insektennest
|id    = Sarang Serangga
|pt    = Ninho de Inseto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
