{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Judged as Organic: Bad Thought (I)
|image         = Trailblaze Secret 7.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Judged as Organic: Bad Thought (I)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The war... It has been going on for so long that you can recognize those who have been through *tragedy* at one glance. There is a reflection of a similar, blood-red thing in their eyes. Every time you come across it, it will leave you in agony.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The Borderstar Trade War has been raging for several eras. The vessels that come and go in the sky transport feelings, memories, and thoughts as supplies using Memory Bubble as the carrier.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' But it has nothing to do with the life of a normal human. The youngster upstairs is an organic life. He goes through life, eats, and rests as usual.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' To ease your pain, he shares with you more than a dozen methods to control emotions he has discovered: Sunlight, room temperature, daily routine, diet... Anything is possible. Sometimes, he will make himself cry and do nothing else for three days just to contain his sadness. Everything will be good three days later. After repeating that 83 times, he starts doubting his ability to be a machine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I am organic.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Luckily." He shakes his head, trying to get those thoughts out of his head. "I'm organic!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I must find a way to determine whether I'm an *item* or a *thing*!" The youngster vows vehemently and sets off.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Intra-Cognition Assessment &mdash; I am inorganic.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Oh, please. Just leave me alone." Suddenly, he puts down his cutlery and announces, "I can't possibly be a machine!"
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I must find a way to determine whether I'm an *item* or a *thing*!" The youngster vows vehemently and sets off.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Judged as Organic: Bad Thought (I)
|zhs  = 判定有机：「不好念头」•其一
|zht  = 判定有機：「不好念頭」•其一
|ja   = {{Rubi|有機判定|ゆうきはんてい}}：「よからぬ{{Rubi|考|かんが}}え」・その1
|ko   = 유기 판단: 「나쁜 생각」•1
|es   = Declarado orgánico: malos pensamientos I
|fr   = Jugé organique&nbsp;: Mauvaises pensées (I)
|ru   = Установленный органик: Дурная мысль I
|th   = ตัดสินอินทรีย์: "ความคิดไม่ดีไม่งาม" (1)
|vi   = Phát Xét Hữu Cơ: Suy Nghĩ Tồi Tệ 1
|de   = Organische Einstufung: Schlechter Gedanke (I)
|id   = Dinilai Organik: "Pikiran Buruk" (1)
|pt   = Julgado como Orgânico: Pensamentos Negativos (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
