<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Birth of a Hero (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25901-1
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Hero.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 143
}}
'''Birth of a Hero (II)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Hunt the boar that has been twisted by the black tide.
|result_1 = Enter a dangerous battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity
|path_1   = Day

|choice_2 = Join a grand adventure.
|result_2 = Enter battle and obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments after achieving victory

|choice_3 = Slay the monster in the valley.
|result_3 = Enter a difficult battle. After achieving victory, obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You advance smoothly through every round of Castrum Kremnos' tournament. Alas, the King's Aegis' intervention stops your progress. But a hero must not give up. Kephale above, you carry the shield given to you by your comrade, pressing forth on your journey across Amphoreus.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' In Janusopolis' temple, you seek a prophecy from its priests: Where should one go, if one wanted to be a hero?
:{{DIcon|Star}} Join a grand adventure. &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 400 Cosmic Fragments after achieving victory
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Word has it that a perilous expedition with one's life on the line is about to begin. You board a ship, anticipating adventurous stories of the uncharted.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Slay the monster in the valley. &mdash; Enter a difficult battle. After achieving victory, obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 3-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' That is a monster that feeds on both humans and livestock. As it slumbers, you lunge forward and pierce it in its eye.
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Day|Hunt the boar that has been twisted by the black tide.|Enter a dangerous battle. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Equation(s) of 2- to 3-star rarity}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You all lure the howling behemoth into the trap, but it breaks free of its fetters in its dying moments, launching a final, desperate lunge at the group.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Birth of a Hero (II)
|zhs  = 英雄的诞生（其二）
|zht  = 英雄的誕生（其二）
|ja   = 英雄の誕生（その2）
|ko   = 영웅의 탄생(2)
|es   = El nacimiento de un héroe II
|fr   = Naissance d'un héros (II)
|ru   = Рождение героя II
|th   = กำเนิดวีรชน (II)
|vi   = Sự Ra Đời Của Anh Hùng (II)
|de   = Geburt eines Helden (II)
|id   = Lahirnya Pahlawan 2
|pt   = O Nascimento de um Herói (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}