<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Metal Life#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 22501
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Default.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 107
}}
'''Metal Life''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Listen to him speak.
|result_1 = At least it's enthusiastic.

|choice_2 = Leave after tasting.
|result_2 = Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments.

|choice_3 = Is there anything else?
|result_3 = Kind of interested.

|choice_4 = Take away the sample testers.
|result_4 = Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments.

|choice_5 = I wanna buy em' all!
|result_5 = Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 equation blessings.

|choice_6 = Stop his imperial worshiping behavior.
|result_6 = Enter battle and obtain 2 Equation Blessing(s) after victory.

|choice_7 = Find a excuse and leave this place.
|result_7 = Obtain 50 Cosmic Fragments.

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself in a Kunint metal foods store where the shopkeeper barely pauses for breath as they try to promote every single product they have. Their face is painted in blotches of dark-red rust to display their adoration for Intellitrons.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Hypoeutectic candy, 29 percent pure metal. Not only does it replicate that classic alloy flavor, that authentic rust taste really comes through when you chew, too."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The shopkeeper quickly grabs the candy from its can and stuffs it into your hands: "Try it, and you won't find authentic alloy flavors like it anywhere."
:{{DIcon|Star}} Listen to him speak. &mdash; At least it's enthusiastic.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "We also have magnetic flow ice cream, perfect to get that engine in your stomach whirring!" The shopkeeper's body below their neck rotates, and their rear prosthetic lifts the ice cream in front of their face.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' This is 22 percent pure metal, a great gift for a friend with a lower level of prosthesis.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Is there anything else? &mdash; Kind of interested.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Well, of course, that is one of our over 70% pure metal specialties." The shopkeeper pulls out their treasured collection from the bottom of an artificially aged chest that is covered in engraved crests of the Rubert Empire.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Legend has it that as soon as a person's metal purity exceeds 100 percent, they will be able to transcend their feeble body and become an inorganic being!" The shopkeeper grows more and more enthusiastic as they speak, their four prosthetic eyes spinning wildly in their sockets.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Just think about it. Rubert II was an organic being too, right? If he can become an Intellitron, naturally we can, too!"
:::{{DIcon|Star}} I wanna buy em' all! &mdash; Lose 100 Cosmic Fragments and obtain 2 equation blessings.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Metal is great. Metal is divine. Metal will surpass the organics and humans will be no more.
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Stop his imperial worshiping behavior. &mdash; Enter battle and obtain 2 Equation Blessing(s) after victory.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You glimpse a vision of magical realism as the organic shopkeeper launches themself at you in a violent rage, screaming: "Long live Rubert!"
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Find a excuse and leave this place. &mdash; Obtain 50 Cosmic Fragments.
::::'''Simulated Universe:''' You have no doubt that he'll try to sell you the Anti-Organic Equation if you don't get away.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Take away the sample testers. &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments.
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' You're not hungry right now.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave after tasting. &mdash; Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You suddenly have a strange vision in your mind that it isn't you who is chewing the candy &mdash; it's the candy that is chewing you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Metal Life
|zhs  = 金属生活
|zht  = 金屬生活
|ja   = {{Rubi|金属生活|きんぞくせいかつ}}
|ko   = 금속 생활
|es   = Vida metálica
|fr   = Existence métallique
|ru   = Металлическая жизнь
|th   = ชีวิตโลหะ
|vi   = Cuộc Sống Kim Loại
|de   = Metallisches Leben
|id   = Kehidupan Logam
|pt   = Vida de Metal
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}