{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Mirror of Transcendence (Part 1)
|image         = Random Event Normal.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = {{tx}}
|next          = {{tx}}
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Mirror of Transcendence (Part 1)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You come across a massive fragment of the Mirror of Transcendence. Three candles are placed beneath it as offerings.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You walk back and forth while being deep in your thoughts...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Light the first candle. &mdash; You yearn to get a response from them.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' As one of the candles is lit, a vague image of the God of Beauty's broad face flickered within the fragment... Just as the image gets clearer, the face of a Mirror Holder suddenly appears within the massive fragment!
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I've been imprisoned in this mirror fragment for a long time. Believe in the Beauty, and I will grant all your wishes," says the Mirror Holder in the mirror.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Silently recite what you want. &mdash; Obtain random rewards.
::;(Outcome 1, 10%)
:::;(Obtain 50 Cosmic Fragments)
::;(Outcome 2, 20%)
:::;(Obtain 150 Cosmic Fragments)
::;(Outcome 3, 5%)
:::;(Obtain 300 Cosmic Fragments)
::;(Outcome 4, 20%)
:::;(Obtain a random 2-star Blessing)
::;(Outcome 5, 10%)
:::;(Obtain a random 3-star Blessing)
::;(Outcome 6, 10%)
:::;(Obtain 2 random Normal Curios)
::;(Outcome 7, 10%)
:::;(Enhance 3 random 1-3 star Blessings)
::;(Outcome 8, 15%)
::::;(Obtain a random 1-3 star Blessing)
::::;(Obtain a random 1-3 star Blessing)
::{{DIcon|Star}} Make a wish to get her out of the mirror. &mdash; Fight the curse of captivity 1 time.
::;(Enter battle)
::::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Everwinter Shadewalker*2/;Guardian Shadow (Bug)*1/}}
::::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Imaginary Weaver*2/;Decaying Shadow (Bug)*1/}}
::::'''Variant 3:''' {{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*2/;The Ascended (Bug)*1/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; You don't want to make a wish.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Mirror of Transcendence (Part 1)
|zhs   = 超验之镜（其一）
|zht   = 超驗之鏡（其一）
|ja    = 超越の鏡（その1）
|ko    = 초월의 거울 (1)
|es    = Espejo de la Trascendencia (I)
|fr    = Miroir de la transcendance (partie 1)
|ru    = Трансцендентальное зеркало I
|th    = กระจกแจ้งประจักษ์ 1
|vi    = Gương Siêu Việt 1
|de    = Spiegel der Transzendenz (Teil 1)
|id    = Cermin Transenden (1)
|pt    = Espelho da Transcendência (Parte 1)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
