{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part I
|image         = 5.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Part I''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Origin Universe:''' The gondola set sail, and the drowsy Mourning Actors lay at the bottom deck, carefully guarding the glittering Memory Bubble. But soon, the ship vanished eerily, like a ghost fading into the stream of the universe.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Touch those Memory Bubbles.|You want to obtain more *memories*.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' Finally, the drowsy ones had a restful sleep. She pulled down her mask before falling asleep to conceal the truth that she would start sleepwalking. In her dreams, she would behave erratically and wake up suddenly, oblivious to everything that had happened before.
::'''Origin Universe:''' You resist the urge to remove her *mask*! This is not recorded in the Memory Bubble.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Hide under the boat together.|The Mourning Actor sees you... and invites you to join her.}}
::'''Origin Universe:''' As you make your way to the bottom deck of the ship, you run into a group of your *accomplices*, who claim that... she will pull down her mask before falling asleep to conceal the truth that she will start sleepwalking. In her dreams, she will behave erratically and wake up suddenly, oblivious to everything that has happened before.
::'''Origin Universe:''' And all you have to do is to resist the urge to remove her *mask* before your gondola reaches its destination!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part I
|zhs  = 其一
|zht  = 其一
|ja   = その1
|ko   = I
|es   = Parte I
|fr   = Partie I
|ru   = I
|th   = ตอน 1
|vi   = Phần 1
|de   = Teil 1
|id   = Bagian I
|pt   = Parte I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
