{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part II
|image         = 5.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Aha
}}
'''Part II''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' As the Swarm passed through the tavern at the world's end, the Masked Fools were intoxicated with their research on how to make tinctures out of insects...
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Bottoms up!|Chitin Cumin Wine is so hard to swallow, but let's cheers!}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' At that moment, a blurred ripple appeared in the goblet. After three days of intense debate about its significance, the Masked Fools finally reached a consensus that it was a divine revelation from [[Aha]]. {{Color|Keyword|"Stop drinking, and go assist Aeons!"}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' But was that truly a divine revelation from Aha? You had no way of confirming it and found it highly suspect, even though Aha admitted to it later and claimed that he had provided numerous ways in which the Masked Fools could help Aeons. Urged by Aha, the Masked Fools stole the Mourning Actors' gondola and accidentally took a group of the Nameless who were staying at the bottom deck along with them. The journey was full of twists and turns. You checked every possible path to protect yourself from Aha's lies. Before you realized it, the gondola was packed with an eager motley of passengers from all worlds and factions, but the Masked Fools were nowhere to be found.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' At that moment, you suspected that you were actually enjoying the thrill of being deceived by Aha.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Refuse.|It doesn't look very appetizing.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' At that moment, a blurred ripple appeared in the goblet. After three days of intense debate about its significance, the Masked Fools finally reached a consensus that it was a divine revelation from Aha. {{Color|Keyword|"Stop drinking, and go assist Aeons!"}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' But was that truly a divine revelation from Aha? You had no way of confirming it and found it highly suspect, even though Aha admitted to it later and claimed that he had provided numerous ways in which the Masked Fools could help Aeons. Urged by Aha, the Masked Fools stole the Mourning Actors' gondola and accidentally took a group of the Nameless who were staying at the bottom deck along with them. The journey was full of twists and turns. You checked every possible path to protect yourself from Aha's lies. Before you realized it, the gondola was packed with an eager motley of passengers from all worlds and factions, but the Masked Fools were nowhere to be found.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' At that moment, you suspected that you were actually enjoying the thrill of being deceived by Aha.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part II
|zhs  = 其二
|zht  = 其二
|ja   = その2
|ko   = II
|es   = Parte II
|fr   = Partie&nbsp;II
|ru   = II
|th   = ตอน 2
|vi   = Phần 2
|de   = Teil 2
|id   = Bagian II
|pt   = Parte II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
