{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part V
|image         = 5.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Herta
}}
'''Part V''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Swarm Universe:''' The various factions are divided in their support of the Gods. Throughout this entire fiasco, you all have been twisting and turning, hemming and hawing, ingratiating yourselves with one another while trying to backstab each other the next moment! You make navigational changes on a whim in the dead of night, and revel in your shenanigans! Until one day, you unwittingly barge into the hallway of the Memory Zone, and a girl whose face you can't see wishes to gift you with a Memory Bubble &mdash; she claims a {{Color|Keyword|"shadow"}} is contained within.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|Accept it.|It was born of non-existence. Does it really exist?}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Facing the light, you can't make out what exactly this "shadow" is sealed within. An... urge suddenly wells up within you. Yes... you've been curious for far too long. It's all right, [[Herta]] isn't looking...
::'''Swarm Universe:''' ...You struggle with your thoughts for a bit, and finally... you can't help yourself... and you give it a lick! The Memory Bubble is cool, rubbery, but otherwise tasteless. Your tongue leaves a faint depression on the surface, which quickly fades back into its original state. Your curiosity is sated.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' You believe it has no calories.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' After the end of that intermission, you all resume your daily antics. That is, until you all get caught in a miasma of Insect wing powder and plunge into a state of delirium. In the ensuing chaos, a Nameless accidentally trips, does a full somersault, and hits the button that sends you all to the Elydichna Starzone.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Later on, when people ask about the incident, the Nameless will reply: That was the most courageous decision he made in the name of the Trailblaze.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|Decline respectfully.|Don't accept things from strangers.}}
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Your guard against this *girl whose face you can't see* is on high alert. Faced against the light, you can't make out what exactly this "shadow" is sealed within.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' After the end of that intermission, you all resume your daily antics. That is, until you all get caught in a miasma of Insect wing powder and plunge into a state of delirium. In the ensuing chaos, a Nameless accidentally trips, does a full somersault, and hits the button that sends you all to the Elydichna Starzone.
::'''Swarm Universe:''' Later on, when people ask about the incident, the Nameless will reply: That was the most courageous decision he made in the name of the Trailblaze.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Part V
|zhs   = 其五
|zht   = 其五
|ja    = その5
|ko    = V
|es    = Parte V
|fr    = Partie V
|ru    = V
|th    = ตอน 5
|vi    = Phần 5
|de    = Teil 5
|id    = Bagian V
|pt    = Parte V
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
