{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Part III
|image         = 5.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = 
|domains_ext   = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = Aha
}}
'''Part III''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ember Universe:''' The voyage started several Amber Eras ago. The earliest crew members have long since passed away, and their heirs have aged. Guided by the ripples in your goblet, your gondola has finally reached its destination: the Realm of Elydichna. You have vowed to celebrate the feat of generations coming together!
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Preservation|Preservation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Preservation|Dance on the spot!|Shine bright and never look back!}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' As you dance around the gondola, the Mourning Actors burst into tears of jubilance.
::'''Ember Universe:''' And then, you wait for what seems an eternity, only to realize that even though you have arrived at the correct place, [[Aha]] has still found a way to deceive you all.
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Elation|Elation]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Elation|Burn the boat!|How can we return if we burn the ship down?}}
::'''Ember Universe:''' You burn the gondola of the Mourning Actors! You have vowed to dedicate your lives to the war among the Aeons until your last breath!
::'''Ember Universe:''' And then, you wait for what seems an eternity, only to realize that even though you have arrived at the correct place, Aha has still found a way to deceive you all.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Part III
|zhs  = 其三
|zht  = 其三
|ja   = その3
|ko   = III
|es   = Parte III
|fr   = Partie III
|ru   = III
|th   = ตอน 3
|vi   = Phần 3
|de   = Teil 3
|id   = Bagian III
|pt   = Parte III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!--unknown-->}}
