<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000119
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[To: The Faint Star]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bernard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = To: The Faint Star
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:'''Bernard:''' I never thought you would visit me again, kid.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to return the other backup to you.
::'''Bernard:''' You are someone who finishes what you started. This is the blue log... so you told him the truth.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must be worried about Rocky...
::'''Bernard:''' Not at all! You choose your own path and suffer your own consequences. An old man like me can do nothing but worry.
::'''Bernard:''' This is the blue log... So Rocky found out the truth. How did he cope with it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's willing to do anything for Lesley.
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, only a Department of Cosmic Geography imbecile who lives in poverty would think he has nothing to lose.
::'''Bernard:''' Fine... I would be ashamed if my student is a cold-blooded lizard.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's even more impulsive than I thought.
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, I knew it. I knew that he'd leave the space station to look for Lesley.
::'''Bernard:''' But just when it actually happens, I think... I will miss him a lot.
::'''Bernard:''' After all, other than Department of Cosmic Geography, I devoted the majority of my life to Rocky.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He may leave the space station...
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, I knew it from the very beginning.
::'''Bernard:''' Just that... he's my student. I can't stand being the cause of his departure.
:'''Bernard:''' Haha, sometimes I really wonder if his naïve ambition is his virtue or weakness.
:'''Bernard:''' But I think it is "time" who threw this question at him, about love and Lesley...
:'''Bernard:''' So, let's see what answer time will give him.
:'''Bernard:''' I never thought you would visit me again, kid.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to return the other backup to you.
::'''Bernard:''' You are someone who finishes what you started. This is the red log... so you chose not to tell him the truth.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must be worried about Rocky...
::'''Bernard:''' Not at all! You choose your own path and suffer your own consequences. An old man like me can do nothing but worry.
::'''Bernard:''' This is the red log... so in the end, you chose to lie to him. How is he doing?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's more fragile than I thought.
::'''Bernard:''' Right. He may seem rough and direct, but the fact that he loves writing poetry shows his emotions are more delicate than the average researcher.
::'''Bernard:''' He gave her his sensitive heart but got rejected by someone he cares a lot about. It's undoubtedly devastating to him. I heard he tore up all the poems. That's the proof.
::'''Bernard:''' However, on the bright side, your decision also gave him a chance to toughen up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He tore up the poems he wrote.
::'''Bernard:''' Did he? He must be devastated. I feel sorry for those poems...
::'''Bernard:''' Hey, what's that look on your face? I admit I did say they are "cringy," but I'd never ignore Rocky's efforts despite thinking think he should focus on his research.
::'''Bernard:''' Those poems are records of his feelings. To some extent, they are part of his life. It's a shame that he tore them up. However...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you think he'll be able to pull himself together?
::'''Bernard:''' Your concern is not groundless. I heard he's torn up all of his poems... Well, some researchers cut their hair after a breakup, symbolizing a new start.
::'''Bernard:''' With a couple of good meals and a good rest, he'll throw himself back into his research, or even indulge himself in a random hobby... I'm sure he'll get over it sooner or later.
:'''Bernard:''' No matter how bad the situation is, young people can put it behind them in a blink of an eye. Life is long, we all have to live our lives.
:'''Bernard:''' Some regrets will always stay in your life. Even at my age, there are regrets I can't let go of. By then, your regrets will become your life-long partner.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Everyone needs a partner...
::'''Bernard:''' I hope you can find a partner who's loyal to you. And I hope this partner will never become a regret in your life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want such a partner.
::'''Bernard:''' That is a bold idea. Unfortunately... Things don't always go the way we want.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Seems there's a story behind it.
::'''Bernard:''' Haha, there isn't. Don't overthink it, young one.
:'''Bernard:''' By the way, Rocky didn't destroy all the poems... I kept one.
:'''Bernard:''' He wrote this after I told him a story about a couple who was separated by time and space.
:'''Bernard:''' Keep it. This is a souvenir for you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
