<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000120
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Guide Paradox]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = Guide Paradox
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Sheila:''' Hello, I am Sheila Nova, the guide from the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't expect to see you again.
::'''Sheila:''' Have we... met before? Sorry, as a guide, I have to deal with many people every day. Please excuse me, {{MC|m=sir|f=ma'am}}, for my forgetfulness.
::'''Sheila:''' I am busy right now &mdash; I'm here to pick up some videos for Mr. Gunn Konolev of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm here to pick up some videos for Mr. Gunn Konolev of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics.
:'''Sheila:''' Sorry, but I don't have time for chitchat. I'm still waiting for researcher Esther to approve the request for videotape access. You are free to come here whenever you like. The Department of Galactic Geopolitics guide welcomes your inquiries.
;(Screen fades to black)
:The cold, proper guide from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics is always smiling.
:On her neck, there is a faint line of numbers: 158.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
