<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2030003
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Star]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Human Fan; Intellitron Fan; Lesley Dean; Pepeshi Fan; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = Cosmic Star
|next          = 
|rewards       = Half-Autographed Photo*1
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Lesley Dean)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 203000113-->)
::'''Lesley Dean:''' We may never meet again, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). But... "I pray that the gentle universe blesses your every breath, my friend."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' ...My favorite movie is ''The Mint-Colored Galaxy''. If you get an opportunity, I hope you will watch it together with the one you love.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 203000113-->)
::'''Lesley Dean:''' We're back, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)...
::Lesley's voice is growing weaker, his skin and clothing slowly growing as transparent as light muslin.
::The cityscape of Penacony reflected on his body, half illusion, half true. No blood or bones could be seen under his skin, only candles and starlight.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' My body feels so... light, so powerless. My mind... I feel it growing thin. My senses are becoming dull...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are disappearing...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The dream is over.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' But... I don't know why, I feel at ease. I've never felt this peace of mind inside the dream world like this.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I feel like I can see... I can see... myself. The Lesley Dean inside my body... It's as if he's smiling at me and saying: "Well done."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' It is strange to say it, I was so scared before of losing "myself"... But ever since you told me the truth, I've gained the courage to let go.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' After experiencing all of this with you... I feel even more determined. I know that I have done the right thing.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), may I ask you a final question?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ask away.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' In the future... After I disappear, how do you think people will remember the name "Lesley Dean"?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is the star who will never die.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Cosmic Star."
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' Indeed, Lesley Dean was born for the silver screen. That star once shined bright in the sky. Even if it was just a fleeting moment, there are those who would remember his brilliance forever.
:::He is a loving man.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Universal Lover."
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' In his brief few decades in this world, Lesley never learned how to love without reservation... Yet, he was supported by so many.
:::He is a noble man.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is a loving man.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Universal Lover."
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' In his brief few decades in this world, Lesley never learned how to love without reservation... Yet, he was supported by so many.
:::He is a noble man.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is a noble man.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Man with a Heart of Gold."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Lesley Dean once lived, unable to make his own decisions, and also made many decisions that he regretted... But though he was surrounded by fame and fortune, his kind heart was never changed.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I should be grateful to those people that used the dreamscape to create "me." They gave their passion and their lives to create "me," so it was my duty to repay them and help them move on.
::{{tx}}

;(Talk to Pepeshi Fan)
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' What's going on? Mr. Lesley was just standing here just a second ago... Then he just suddenly disappeared?
:'''Intellitron Fan:''' Was he woken up by someone in reality? That's happened to me before.
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' Tsk, that's the worst thing about the Dreamscape! You never know if the person you're talking to is just going to suddenly be woken up and disappear.
:'''Human Fan:''' My autograph, it's only half finished... Ah, I'll get it done next time. I wonder when Mr. Lesley will next enter the dream?
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 2,
			"GroupID": 92,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 203010014
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 2,
			"GroupID": 92,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 203010015
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 2,
			"GroupID": 92,
			"GroupNpcID": 400003,
			"TalkSentenceID": 203010016
		}
	],
	"IsLoop": true,
	"LoopInterval": 4
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
