<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2030203
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Complete [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Goodness Is Rare]]'' and wait for the next Daily [[Reset]]
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Tizocic III; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = Goodness Is Rare
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Tizocic III)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		424030243
	],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 112
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"IntervalTime": 0.5
}</pre>
:'''Tizocic III:''' Dear Dreamchaser! The late Emperor has left Penacony. I, Tizocic III will inherit the throne and carry on the duties of the late Emperor.
:'''Tizocic III:''' If you are in need of help or are in any kind of trouble, feel free to approach me.
:'''Tizocic III:''' It is my duty and honor to serve my subjects!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know what kind of person is the late Emperor like?
::'''Tizocic III:''' That's not important, my dear subject. What matters most is what kind of Emperor I am!
::'''Tizocic III:''' I am an Emperor who is dedicated to the happiness of her subjects!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's your relationship with the late Emperor?
::'''Tizocic III:''' I was not chosen by the people. The reason why I am willing to ascend to the throne is because I am willing and able to continue the legacy left by my predecessor.
::'''Tizocic III:''' To take over her greatest political legacy &mdash; goodwill!
:'''Tizocic III:''' In any case, whatever you need, feel free to discuss it with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to have a chat with you.
::'''Tizocic III:''' No problem. It's the Emperor's duty to communicate with her subjects.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} The late Emperor was apparently a tyrant.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Yes yes yes... I know she was a tyrant, and many have died by her hand.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' More than one subject has brought this issue up to me. I am fully aware!
:::'''Tizocic III:''' So what if she was a tyrant? The good deeds she accomplished cannot be overshadowed by the wrongs she committed, just as the evils she committed cannot tarnish the good she had done.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' I will continue her legacy of kindness till the day I die.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to inherit the throne?
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Because this is Penacony, the greatest money pit in the cosmos. It is full of evil, greed and betrayal.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' If the remaining kindness here is not inherited, it will soon disappear. It will be neglected, forgotten and trampled on by people.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Hence, I must become the next Emperor, to ensure that kindness will endure.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Sure! If you encounter any troubles, remember to come to me anytime! It gives me untold happiness to dispel any troubles for my subjects!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's nothing at the moment.
::'''Tizocic III:''' Sure! If you encounter any troubles, remember to come to me anytime! It gives me untold happiness to dispel any troubles for my subjects!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
