<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3040090
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = (Trailblazer)'s Id; (Trailblazer)'s Superego; Garmentmaker; Hyacine; Strange Small Boy; Strange Small Girl; The (Trailblazer)s; The Other (Trailblazer); Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Investigate)
:You stand before a beverage known as "Phagousa Blind Box." It's said that the God of Banquets demands that the "ambrosia at the feasts not have their contents labeled." From a drink as mild as water to one that knocks you out cold with a single sip, it's all about adding chaos and fun to the party.
:From the appearance, at least, you can't tell one drink from another &mdash;
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Down it in one gulp.
:Bloop bloop... A sour, tingling sensation spreads from your tongue, and your head grows heavy.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"Duration": 2,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/DizzinessVarient.asset"
}</pre>
:Uh-oh, after drin king the potent brew, everyt hing around you starts to bbbblur, and y ou see mmmmultiple versions of the same scene. You can't quite make s ense of iiiit all.
:You shaaake your head, strug gling to open your eyes wide. Your haaaands reach out ahead, but&mdash;
:Wait, your haaaands moooove on their own, as if not en tirely under your control. The am bro sia's aftereffects are ki cking in hard, leaving you disori ented. The words before you are nothing more than a jum ble, their mea ning slipping through your fin gers...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can a Garmentmaker stitch them back together?
::Garmentmaker...
::'''(Trailblazer):''' "Melody, I know you're greet at twitching, good you grease phoenix these rumbled worlds?"
::'''Garmentmaker:''' ...Your words are slurrrring.
::The Garmentmaker agrees to help you, and a faint shimmer passes before your eyes as the chaotic text is sewn back together.
::'''Garmentmaker:''' I think you meant to say: "My lady, I know you're great at stitching, could you please fix these scrambled words?" &mdash; and I've done just that.
::'''Garmentmaker:''' After all, if the world you see is in such disarray, it would hardly be beautiful. I've done my best to assist.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Twilight Courtyard? I need to see an eye doctor...
::Twilight... Courtyard...
::'''Hyacine:''' Studies show that text garbled not does always affect comprehension. For example, Grayie, after this sentence reading, you'll realize that all the words here are jumbled.
::'''Hyacine:''' The human brain tends to fill in the gaps when processing information, based on what information we already have &mdash; it's a natural phenomenon. Close your eyes and relax, I'll grant you a blessing of Sky, and soon, you'll be feeling better!
;(Screen fades to black)
:You're unsure whether the strange scene before you and the person you conversed with was '''real''' or just a hallucination from the God of Banquets. Fortunately, the destruction of language and blurry visuals have vanished, and the world around you has returned to its natural order.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"Active": false,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/DizzinessVarient.asset"
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...Burp~


;(Talk to Investigate)
:You stand before a beverage known as "Phagousa Blind Box." It's said that the God of Banquets demands that the "ambrosia at the feasts not have their contents labeled." From a drink as mild as water to one that knocks you out cold with a single sip, it's all about adding chaos and fun to the party.
:From the appearance, at least, you can't tell one drink from another &mdash;
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Down it in one gulp.
:"Bang!" With a sudden jolt, you've transformed into... a little chimera?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Awoo? Awoo?
:'''Hyacine:''' Hmm? I just saw Grayie standing here, but now, it's just a little chimera?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Awooo!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Awooo?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Awoo... Awoo...
:Can Hyacine, who understands chimera talk, understand "Hyacine, it's me!"? But all you can manage is an "Awoo."
:'''Hyacine:''' ...Sorry, looks like you recognize me. Speaking of which, where did Grayie go?
:Great! Hyacine, having received the blessing of {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}, can now understand your woofs.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (I'm right here.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Awoo awoo awoo!
::'''Hyacine:''' Oh. So you're also called Grayie?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ({{MC|f=She|m=He}} just left.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Awoo, awoo awoo.
::'''Hyacine:''' Thank you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Help, I've turned into a chimera!)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...Awoo! Ah... ah awoo.
::'''Hyacine:''' ...What do you mean? Could it be... You're...
::'''Hyacine:''' ...A little chimera who drank some "Phagousa Blind Box"? No wonder you're babbling nonsense.
:'''Hyacine:''' Well, I'll leave you to it. By the way, a wise little chimera should definitely not drink the "Phagousa Blind Box."
:Another "bang!" and you return to your human form.
:Fortunately, your transformation only lasted for a few "awoos." Whether (Trailblazer) dreamed of a chimera or the chimera dreamed of (Trailblazer)... it's hard to say.


;(Talk to Investigate)
:You stand before a beverage known as "Phagousa Blind Box." It's said that the God of Banquets demands that the "ambrosia at the feasts not have their contents labeled." From a drink as mild as water to one that knocks you out cold with a single sip, it's all about adding chaos and fun to the party.
:From the appearance, at least, you can't tell one drink from another &mdash;
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Down it in one gulp.
:You hold your breath. The effects of the "Phagousa Blind Box" seem to kick in slower this time...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, the flavor...
::Delicious indeed... Though compliments can be cheap like that, the truth is... it tastes as plain as water.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get ready before it takes effect...
::But what can you do to get ready? Should you inform the people in Twilight Courtyard to get ready with medical measures, or perhaps notify a friend who follows {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}} for help...
::After all, it doesn't necessarily mean something bad is going to happen, so... maybe you need not be so pessimistic.
:You stand still, almost waiting for something &mdash; perhaps it will have no effect at all, or perhaps there's a subtle effect waiting for you to discover?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, it's just a cup of water.
::Thank you for using our service! Please rate our service:
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} [★★★★★] Very satisfied
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} [★★★★] Satisfied
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} [★★★] Neither satisfied nor dissatisfied
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} [★★] Unsatisfied
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} [★] Very unsatisfied
::Many aspects of our daily lives rarely get a chance to be "rated," like the ordinary glass of water you drink. It's hard to measure the importance of something so simple with a "rating."
::But don't let a rating limit your imagination of what could be wonderful!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There must be some hidden effect here!
::So, what is it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This week will bring a small windfall.
:::It won't be much, but maybe enough for some snacks.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's certain to get a moment of solitude.
:::What to do with that time? Play games, watch videos, or just zone out?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Meeting with an old friend one hasn't seen in a while is on the table.
:::When you meet them, don't forget to remember this moment.
:Even if this is just an ordinary ambrosia with no extra effects, there's still a blessing of "always keep hope alive" for you.
:It's nothing. Don't mention it.


;(Talk to Investigate)
:You stand before a beverage known as "Phagousa Blind Box." It's said that the God of Banquets demands that the "ambrosia at the feasts not have their contents labeled." From a drink as mild as water to one that knocks you out cold with a single sip, it's all about adding chaos and fun to the party.
:From the appearance, at least, you can't tell one drink from another &mdash;
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Down it in one gulp.
:'''Strange Small Boy:''' Hey, you. You're finally awake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I passed out, again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Where am I? Am I... in the bath?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Why do I always say that every time I wake up?
:'''Strange Small Boy:''' You were just about to cross Castrum Kremnos, right? You didn't expect to get into an ambush by the forces of Okhema, just like us and this believer of {{Rubi|Zagreus|Trickery Titan}} over there.
:'''Strange Small Girl:''' I'm not a believer of {{Rubi|Zagreus|Trickery Titan}}. Don't make things more complicated.
:'''Strange Small Girl:''' You don't remember what happened, do you? Just like most people who drink the "Phagousa Blind Box."
:'''Strange Small Boy:''' You yelled "I want to eat Redsoil Feed!" and ran off the bath. Many people tried to stop you but couldn't hold you back.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Am I that strong?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I can't recall any of it.
:'''Strange Small Boy:''' It's normal. People's constitutions are different. Even though you were extremely confused, you managed to perfectly evade every attack from a group of fully-armed Okheman soldiers, and before they could react, you ended up here.
:'''Strange Small Girl:''' You stood boldly before the dromases and viciously ate their redsoil, but then suddenly, you straightened up and collapsed to the ground with a loud crash... The adults had no choice but to place you '''somewhere out of the dromases' sight''' and wait for them to calm down.
:'''Strange Small Boy:''' We are in charge of watching over you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Has the dromas calmed down now?
::'''Strange Small Girl:''' It should be fine now.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I'd rather believe I was teleported here.
::'''Strange Small Girl:''' It's fine. You adults have it tough, I understand.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...You two are both followers of Zagreus, aren't you?
::'''Strange Small Girl:''' I told you I'm not. Believe what you want.
:'''Strange Small Girl:''' Well, take your leave then.


;(Talk to Investigate)
:You stand before a beverage known as "Phagousa Blind Box." It's said that the God of Banquets demands that the "ambrosia at the feasts not have their contents labeled." From a drink as mild as water to one that knocks you out cold with a single sip, it's all about adding chaos and fun to the party.
:From the appearance, at least, you can't tell one drink from another &mdash;
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Down it in one gulp.
:'''The (Trailblazer)s:''' Who are you lot?
:'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' I understand the situation now. I have a moral obsession, so I am (Trailblazer)'s superego.
:'''The Other (Trailblazer):''' Usually, (Trailblazer) wouldn't understand the situation so quickly. But since you said it, I'm willing to believe in myself. We should be the id, ego, and superego.
:'''The Other (Trailblazer):''' So, between me and {{MC|f=her|m=him}}, who's the id, and who's the ego?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} ...What id, ego, and superego?
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' "Id" represents primal impulses and desires, seeking to satisfy urges and avoid pain, unrestrained by social norms or morals.
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' In contrast, the "superego" represents morality and regulations, following the "perfection principle," often in conflict with the "id."
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' And the "ego" serves as a balance, mediating between impulses and self-regulation...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm not sure. What do you think, other me?
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' I feel like I'm more pure, so I think I'm the "id."
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' I'm very pure too. Or rather, '''we''' are all very pure.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like I'm the only one who has options to choose from. I'm the ego.
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' Makes sense, but not too much. Fine, treat yourself as the "ego."
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' This is just a placeholder, not that I'm really the "id," you know? Otherwise, we'd have to call ourselves (Trailblazer) No.1, No.2, No.3, which would be stupid.
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' So, this is a rare opportunity &mdash; anything you want to ask yourself?
::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' The power of {{Rubi|Phagousa|Ocean Titan}} won't last long, so ask away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of Trailblazer am I really?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' Pessimistic Trailblazer, Hot-Blooded Trailblazer, Reserved Trailblazer... these Achievements can be completed on the Express. Don't forget to collect them.
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' I could ask you the same question.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I get some better luck in the pulls?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' Can {{MC|f=she|m=he}} get some better luck in the pulls? You heard {{MC|f=her|m=him}}.
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' Sure! If my words are useful, I'd say "Sure."
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' But I don't have that kind of ability, so you should play in moderation and spend rationally.
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' If rationality really worked, what would we need the police for?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' ...You're really quite "id"-like. "Ego," don't listen to {{MC|f=her|m=him}}.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Am I talking to myself? Is that weird?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' Yes.
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' '''My''' image has already crumbled, but '''I''' suggest you try to maintain it a bit more.
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' People who drink the "Phagousa Blind Box" usually end up like this. Everyone's used to it. Don't mind it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Seems like the options are a bit too different?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' Doesn't that just mean my thoughts are free, and everyone's very tolerant of me?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' Setting things up with morally acceptable options... isn't it just making it easier for me to pick the messed-up ones?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' The above is just the "id's" own take.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So many questions, and I only get to ask one?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' I told you, the power of {{Rubi|Phagousa|Ocean Titan}} won't last long &mdash; so you may save other questions for the next time.
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' Hey, isn't this just fooling myself? Why should I drink that Blind Box again?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' But the Blind Box might not have the same effect next time, right?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Superego:''' Isn't the real question that &mdash; these options aren't necessarily what '''I''' wanted to ask anyway?
:::'''(Trailblazer)'s Id:''' Don't think too much about it.
::Thinking it over, you realize if the three of you were named Grayie, Grayanne, and Graynnon... it doesn't sound too bad.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001
	]
}</pre>


;(Talk to Investigate)
:You stand before a beverage known as "Phagousa Blind Box." It's said that the God of Banquets demands that the "ambrosia at the feasts not have their contents labeled." From a drink as mild as water to one that knocks you out cold with a single sip, it's all about adding chaos and fun to the party.
:From the appearance, at least, you can't tell one drink from another &mdash;
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Down it in one gulp.
:Ba? Nana, banabana...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That blasted Dr. Primitive is still chasing me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can Amphoreus even get mimetic pollution?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} An island full of bananas! Bananas~
:Calm down. This isn't the work of Dr. Primitive... it's just based on the concept of "primal" in your brain.
:If drinking the Phagousa Blind Box could turn humans into monkeys, have you ever thought about what would happen if a monkey drinks it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} W-Wait... I can regress even further?
::Evolution has infinite possibilities, so that means... regression could also...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Could I end up turning back into a human?
::The Phagousa Blind Box isn't a monkey switch! If you keep drinking, you'll only keep regressing...
:Even so, do you still dare to drink more?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course. I'll double the fun!
::...The regression path has diverged. You need to make a preemptive choice.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Regress to a life in the sky.
:::(Trailblazer) regresses &mdash; A drunken butterfly!
:::You can fly, but you never escape {{Rubi|Aquila|Sky Titan}}'s hands. Turns out, you're just a drunken butterfly.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Regress to a life in the earth.
:::(Trailblazer) regresses &mdash; an Okhema twin-eared vase!
:::A freshly unearthed artifact.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Regress to a life in the water.
:::(Trailblazer) regresses &mdash; The baby seal, sacred beast of Phagousa!
:::{{A|VO side4 haibao haibaoB 06.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' O((◉ω◉!)o"I knew this would happen!")∋
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Regress to the beginning of the story.
:::(Trailblazer) regresses &mdash; a Stellaron!
:::What!? A Stellaron!?
:::Fortunately, this is all just a wild fantasy after you drank the Phagousa Blind Box. It's not real.
::I've been tricked! Damn the Phagousa Blind Box. This isn't regression. Just alteration!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I want out.
::Seems like a monkey suits your current mental state better!
:...Maybe this is what you evolved from?
;(Unused &mdash; End_504005482)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.AdvByEntityExist","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx","FetchType":"SinglePropByPropID","SinglePropID":{"GroupID":{"FixedValue":{"Value":863}},"ID":{"FixedValue":{"Value":300002}}}}}-->}})
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>


;(Unused &mdash; Mission_454050302)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 104030904-->)

;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_504033124)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 104030904-->)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
