<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015718
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Spindle, Laboring to Weave the Tapestry of Time]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Dragonbone City" Styxia]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Dragonbone City" Styxia
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, behold! A great work of old Bartholos.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' This huge raw stone was pilfered from the bottomless depths of the sea. Then, to determine if it really held a crystal filled with magical power, the stone was lifted to the sky to split it open and peer inside...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop it. You're no Titan...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hey, if you can call yourself a Titan, why can't I? Old buddy, let's use some imagination here &mdash; I may not be a Titan in real life, but that doesn't mean I can't be one in stories.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So how much would that thing up there fetch?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It's invaluable! Assuming you can find a way to move it... Even if you just had some Mountain Dweller melt it down, you'd still get a good amount of gold out of it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop playing games and give me the chest.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Tsk, you're no fun at all, old buddy.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Fine, I was just spinning a tale... This is the nether realm after all, worlds apart from the mortal realm &mdash; who knows what those things in the sky actually are? Though I must admit, the view is absolutely killer.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Hmm? Wait, did I just stumble into a deadly joke? Well, I suppose there wouldn't be any living being left to tell the tale with this "killer" on the loose, hehehe...
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
