<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015706
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ah, I've had enough. Just take the chest. I'm not in the mood to fight with you today.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It feels as if Oronyx themself has cast a curtain to eclipse the bright light of my talents. Yesterday, when I left the house, I accidentally exposed my location for the first time ever. Meeting you now... It looks like any hope for today being any better is gone, too...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Honestly, there's something fishy about what went down yesterday...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Rumor has it that there's a "master thief" that's been running around recently, whose reputation seems to be threatening my own. So, I decided I'd do something big and restore glory to the great name of Zagreus.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So, I racked my brain trying to decide what I should steal to show off my amazing talents.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bath towels from the public baths?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Look at my flawless, delicate skin. You think I have use for something so crude?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aglaea's mannequin?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Oof... I may be in bad shape, but I still have some sense! There's no need to be getting mixed up in something like that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Dawn Device on Kephale's back?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I stole that thing ages ago. I'm just borrowing Kephale's shoulder to house it for the moment.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You'll never guess it... I am planning to steal the keystone from the main hall of the Council of Elders. I'll bring that entire hall crashing to the ground!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Unfortunately... Things didn't go quite as planned... When I opened the window, it let out a squeaking noise.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' In an instant, seven or eight priests surrounded me, cursing me and covering me in ambrosia. They even struck me with brushes made from dromas fur! I was lucky to make it out of there...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It was only later that I found out that these rumors of a "master thief" were just a ploy to lure me into making a move... When did these old crones get so cunning?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe you're just off your game?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's divine retribution!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ah... I hope you never have to experience something like that. The talents that I have relied on over the years vanished in an instant. My once perfectly watertight handiwork was suddenly full of holes... It's like I wasn't even myself.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Now, I can't even pry a single treasure from your hands... As I am now, I may as well jump into the Abyss, swim up to Thanatos, and let them put me out of my misery...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just take the chest!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can't let challenges get you down!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you didn't manage to steal it before, either...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I never thought that when I was at my most lost, you would offer me words of comfort. I have nothing to repay you with, so allow me to reward your kindness with a secret...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' The Council of Elders' main hall doesn't even have a keystone!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehehe! That reaction of yours is a million times more thrilling than stealing some chest! Take it as a thank you for taking part in this little performance with me. See ya!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
