<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015103
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Complete {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015101--> and wait for the next Daily [[Reset]]
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bandit A; Bandit B; Baroumbrella; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Cloudford]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Cloudford
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Baroumbrella:''' Finally, daylight! I thought I was going to be sent off to Farschanzel!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What were you doing in there?
::'''Baroumbrella:''' I got tricked into this trap! Can you believe it? I never thought there'd be people in this world who could cheat pure and simple Baroumbrella!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where's Farschanzel?
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Are you kidding me? You've just opened up a container and found a talking mushroom inside, and the first thing you want to ask me is "Where's Farschanzel"?
::'''Baroumbrella:''' This probably demonstrates that you're well-traveled and experienced...
:'''Baroumbrella:''' Anyway, thank you very much for helping me out of here.
:'''Baroumbrella:''' Just now I was flying along the road, happy as can be when this kid appeared out of nowhere and told me: "I've got something cool here that little Baroumbrella can't see!"
:'''Baroumbrella:''' I got really fired up when I heard that! So I followed him without hesitation, and before long he'd tricked me into this container here...
:'''Baroumbrella:''' There's so much packed into this container, and I thought it was... I thought it was... "Cool stuff that little Baroumbrella can't see"...
:'''Baroumbrella:''' But on closer inspection, I realized that all the "cool stuff that little Baroumbrella can't see" was actually just a container stuffed full of dried mushrooms &mdash; and addressed to an off-world destination!
:'''Baroumbrella:''' Just as I was about to scold this child, I saw him grinning as he locked the gate to the container... If you hadn't arrived when you did, I'd be halfway to Farschanzel by now! Just like all those dried mushrooms!
:'''Baroumbrella:''' Anyway, there's still some good stuff here. Take it as a gift for rescuing me.
:'''Baroumbrella:''' I'm outta here. See ya.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''???:''' Ugh... How'd you solve it so quickly?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Something the matter?
:'''???:''' I'm ashamed to say that I haven't had time to prepare a chest... Because the gift I was going to put inside hasn't been delivered yet.
:'''???:''' Ugh... Sorry about wasting your time, I'm really sorry. How about this, I'll give you a collection code for the item?
:'''???:''' Go and see Ziqiao in Starskiff Haven and tell her this code. She'll be able to give you the chest that I was going to give you.
:'''???:''' Alright, then I'm heading out. Wishing you all the best! So long!
:Before you could react, she shot off from the jetty.
----
;(Obtain {{Item|Access Code for the "Chest"|20|x=1}})
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
