<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015716
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Spindle, Laboring to Weave the Tapestry of Time]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Sometimes I imagine myself as a butterfly... It's not about how far you can fly &mdash; it's about dancing freely through the air.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Of course, having a butterfly that can't cross the vastness makes this too easy &mdash; so you can probably guess what I'm about to do!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who knows?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Come on, for old times' sake, let's get started!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm with you till the end!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehe, that's exactly what I wanted to hear!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm beat. Just hand over the chest already...
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' As they say, even thieves have their principles... We've got to do this with style!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' My my, your graceful fighting style &mdash; it's like watching a butterfly dance!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You flatter me...
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hey, modesty doesn't suit a master thief.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Be proud, be confident, let your ego run wild &mdash; that's how you deceive all, steal all, and plunder everything! Hehehe...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just give me the chest and be done with it.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Now, now. If I just quietly handed things over every time, where's the fun in that?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' They say good stories should be "unexpected yet reasonable" &mdash; making games is just the same.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of bootleg liquor have you been drinking?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It's not the wine that intoxicates &mdash; it's people themselves! Old Bartholos here has no other pastimes, just a fondness for this... Hehehe.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Notice that silent {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} over there?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That old fellow, so silent and dull... This world needs more than just plants growing toward the sun &mdash; we need some tipsy, unruly creatures too, don't you think?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So... we've got to be that pop of red in the sea of green, wouldn't you say? Hehehe.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
