<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015711
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe... Not bad at all. Even this secret place couldn't hide from you.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Perhaps I should show you the chest again."
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, thought I'd be that nice? This time, Bartholos has set up something special for you! Prepare yourself!
:;(Enter battle)
:::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Well, well... Oh my... Outsmarted at my own game... how humiliating!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Oh mighty hero &mdash; could I get your name? Spare me, and I'll tell everyone you're the best in the business... no wait, you're the legend itself!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Smart move. Know when to yield.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Most certainly! I, Bartholos, shall be your devoted servant! Simply name your desired treasures &mdash; let my hands do the work!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh? You crafty old devil...
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Come now, such suspicion! I, Bartholos, am genuinely in awe &mdash; eager to serve at your command!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Although... poor old Bartholos here is rather strapped for coin. Might you consider this treasure an advance on my future services?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ah... poor thing... *Shows no sympathy*
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Think that'll work on me? Think again!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What's going on? This trick usually works like a charm on heroes like you...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Aha... Now I see! You're cut from the same cloth as me! Hehehe... Brilliant, absolutely brilliant. Take the chest &mdash; consider it a gift between rogues!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Until our paths cross again! May the great Zagreus smile upon us both!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
