<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015717
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Spindle, Laboring to Weave the Tapestry of Time]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Dragonbone City" Styxia]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Dragonbone City" Styxia
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, didn't expect to run into me here, did you?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' They say ancestor {{Rubi|Zagreus|Trickery Titan}} could freely traverse the world of the dead &mdash; but honestly, it's not as remarkable as they make it out to be.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Think about it, have you ever pondered what a "world of the dead" actually means?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} An excellent place to stash treasures.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Of course, since riches mean nothing to the dead! But that reminds me, I've been pondering something myself...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do the dead own that's worth stealing? Hehehe, if we figured that out, we could hide it in the "world of the living"!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The soul is eternal.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, so dying occasionally isn't the end of the world! But listen, what if...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What if we reincarnate but end up living pretty much the same life as before? The more I think about it, the more frightening it gets.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So I could meet you while still alive.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Huh? Why get all mushy now. Do we have some kind of special connection?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Oh... wait. Wait just a minute. You mean you've "been dead from the very beginning"? Hehehe, now that's something I didn't see coming!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Well, since our paths have crossed here, allow me to offer some pearls of wisdom...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' In our world, the living don't quite seem alive, and the dead don't quite seem dead &mdash; but a trickster is always a trickster, because even when telling the truth, nobody dares trust them! Hehehe.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
