<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015709
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Aahhh, that was close! I almost fell into the lava, snatched by Thanatos' hand!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Speaking of which, is lava governed by Thanatos, or Lady Phagousa...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What were the people of Castrum Kremnos thinking when they built their city here? Even if they really enjoyed having their feet scorched, you'd think they would at least add railings to their bridges.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why so many questions?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You a curious creature or what?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It never hurts to be curious. When you see a treasure chest, can you suppress that rising impulse to open it and see what's inside?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You don't look like someone from Castrum Kremnos. Could you be a warrior here to participate in the festival?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I come from the future.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I came from the past.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I come from beyond worlds.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You could've just remained silent if you didn't feel like answering, instead of spouting rubbish!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' E&mdash;Even if I'm new around here, I'm not to be trifled with!
:;(Enter battle)
:::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Whew... You sure got some skills for someone who talks tough!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I may not be a match for you... but Talanton will surely punish you!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
