<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015602
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015700--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015702--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015703--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015704--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015705--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015706--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015707--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015708--> completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4015709--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Spirithief (Profile Picture)*1 { text = Spirithief }
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ooh, it's you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ooh, it's you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Wave them away.)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Crrrk... For us to be calmly greeting each other for the first time without poking at our backs with a compass, nor pulling at each other's tails, I'm suddenly not used to this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What're you up to this time?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' All lines of work need ample rest. This is the right Talanton granted all creatures of the world.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So, as you can see... I'm taking a break.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When have I ever pulled on your tail?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Our ancestor Zagreus once said: "One person is an entire world, one person's pulling means everyone's pulling."
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Come to think of it, you're to blame for my idleness right now. You keep appearing at the most inopportune moments and interrupting my hot streak &mdash; I can't even get into the groove of things now.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' During this period, we should turn over a new leaf and find a proper job. Got any recommendations?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Become an anti-theft ambassador.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Teach them to store their valuables in their cellars, so I won't have to rummage through the whole house while I'm at it. Good idea.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Become a bath mascot.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Phagousa and I enjoyed great relations back in the day. At their banquet, my compliments had everyone roaring with laughter.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Crrrkk... They'd be blackout drunk every time, then I'd steal away a pearl from the crest of the wave. She never noticed, and even thought the wave was balding.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Be a transport worker, Old Bart.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You still remember that? It's just moving things from one place to another. I bet I'd be great at it.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Clear skies, green grass, citizens out and about... Our ancestor Zagreus once said: "The slightest thought is a sin on an idle afternoon."
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Let's leave that matter aside for now and tell me what you wanted to talk about. I'll banter with you.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me your story...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Haha, my tales of thievery are even longer than Mnestia's golden thread... I've stolen more things than Aquila has eyes.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do you wish to hear? The most harrowing heist, or my proudest feat?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The most harrowing heist.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' There was no more thrilling escapade than the time Thanatos sent me a raven with a message.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Bartholos, O Bartholos," it said, "you can steal everything beneath the sky, except for one thing: Georios' secret fruit, buried within the earth. How would you even be able to taste it?"
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So I turned into a Steelclaw Beast and dug into the earth for countless days, my journey ending with the fruit in my belly. Honestly, it didn't taste like much.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So Thanatos said again: "Bartholos, O Bartholos, you can steal everything beneath the sky, except for one thing: Cerces' secret fruit, perched atop the Grove. How would you even be able to taste it?"
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So I turned into a bird and flew, resting my feet on ten branches, my journey ending at the treetop. Honestly, it didn't taste like much.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hearing this, Thanatos laughed aloud: "Bartholos, O Bartholos, you have been fooled! I have summoned the currents from craggy crevices, and the clouds of roiling dark to drop these two fruits bearing the 'Core of Death'."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Now, the seeds of death grow within you. Your pranks will upend the lands, and your tricks will wither all life. And all this will be in my service."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That's so scary!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I had no choice but to reply to it: "That is harrowing, but who would eat the seeds along with the fruit?"
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Whether you take it as truth or just a harmless tall tale, that's up to you.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your proudest feat.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Crrkrrkk... material wealth is a most trite goal. There are many things to steal... Memories, wisdom, even status.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Neither keys nor crowbars are needed to steal them. Sometimes all it takes is a glib word, a heartfelt gesture, to have them swoon for your earnestness.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I used just this method to steal an unimaginable secret... Which is also the reason why I'm standing here before you.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Whether you take it as truth or just a harmless tall tale, that's up to you.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About your past...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Gosh, you wouldn't be one of those types, would you? Obsessively digging into one's past, picking out its shattered fragments, and then presumptuously asserting that the other party has been healing their trauma for their whole life?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' If you're thinking of pretending to empathize with me, then pretentiously persuading me to turn over a new leaf, you can save it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have seen you in the past...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's very different from your present self.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Crrkk, whose leg are you pulling? Me? Obsequious and earnestly polite? Curious and full of energy? Only unleashing harsh words in a fit of powerless rage after being bullied?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Do you see any resemblance between me and these phrases?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' S&mdash;Someone must be impersonating me! Or perhaps, it could be one of the steps in my plan back then... That must be it!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sound agitated...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're just chatting, don't get antsy.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Am I? Nonsense. I am more than happy to acquiesce if you wish to speak on other things. But if you keep persisting on this matter, don't blame me for what happens next!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What else did Zagreus say?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ancestor Zagreus left many pearls of wisdom. Alas, people nowadays are selectively blind, only heeding Cerces' words &mdash; they can't even fathom that the paltry tricks of Cerces are all that remains after Zagreus stole everything else.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do you wish to hear?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Some adages for the soul?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Wisdom brings you farther from foolishness, but foolishness brings you closer to happiness."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That was what ancestor Zagreus said when Cerces' divine body fell.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Some quotes about life?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Titans should not have little toes, and neither should humans."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ancestor Zagreus mentioned this after stubbing its toe while fleeing.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got any sayings for life hacks?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Theft is but retrieving what belonged to you in the first place."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That's ancestor Zagreus' first lesson.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Any worldly warnings?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Do not trust Okhemans, even if they only live in its outskirts."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ancestor Zagreus espoused these words when ensnared in a trap set by the Okheman Elders.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} Not very interested.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I shall respect your decision, but you're losing out!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Nah, I've got better stuff to do.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I shan't see you off then. I should be on my walk on this idle afternoon.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
