<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015704
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Stop for a moment... I have to tell you something about you. In all of my years of thievery, I have never met someone like you.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' This is not some kind of precious jewel or rare artifact. It's just some chest filled with junk, and yet you would still fight this hard to keep your greedy mitts on it...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Are you so hard pressed that you just go around shoving everything you find in your greedy little pockets?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have my own use for it.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That resolute determination. I see that we are of the same mind!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe... If you saw my collection, you would throw yourself to the ground in reverence and get out of my way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If it's up for grabs, I'm taking it!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Uh... So that's the conviction that keeps you collecting trash?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe... Even the great Zagreus wouldn't bat an eyelid at such a greedy attitude!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I thought they were the only person who would be able to catch me in a place so full of twists and turns...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Your methods are remarkable indeed! I wonder if you could capture "her", too... Hehehe!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
