<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015713
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Indeed, as I said, the tricks are under the Titan's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|nose}}!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' However, hehehehe...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Tricks must involve surprise attacks!
:;(Enter battle)
:::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Fine skills and agility &mdash; the treasure chest stolen from under the Titan's nose is yours.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Admitting defeat so easily?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Of course, it's all part of the game. Tricks that go outside the game would be a problem.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am the Galactic Baseballer, and I'm invincible!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That's right... You've already become a master of this game.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I, Bartholos, have a philosophy: Tricks taken outside the game would be a problem.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not again. Stop eyeing my stuff.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Stingy! Real thieves share spoils when they work together. I've never seen anyone as tight-fisted as you!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Fine. It's all just a game, anyway.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Even ancestor Zagreus once said: "The ultimate meaning lies within the game. Only the game can make its meaning point back to itself."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Zagreus? That's profound of them.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Of course! The Trickery Titan is a Titan, right? If they're all just talking nonsense, then how do Titans maintain their dignity?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That tone doesn't sound like Zagreus.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hmm, maybe it wasn't what Zagreus said, but what I said?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' No... I, Bartholos, would never speak like that. It must have been what Zagreus said!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Alright, we're old friends now... Take your treasure and devote yourself to your own game! We'll meet again... Hehehehe...
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
