<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015707
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ugh... I'm so dizzy... Have you tried that move on yourself before?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why would I do that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I always toy with the idea when my holiday is about to end...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' If you try it on yourself, you'll realize just how inhumane it is!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It's difficult to describe this feeling... I feel like a pair of gloves that has been washed and turned inside-out... My mind feels like it's been completely flipped around.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' The more I try to rush forwards, the more I end up going backwards. I want to swear at you but all my dirty words feel like they're rushing into my stomach instead!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} At least I wash my gloves.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like you're getting a good meal finally?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You... You! You are heartless and cruel! Such abuse of power is truly revolting!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Right here, before the Gate of Infinity, I'll teach you a proper lesson! I'll show Oronyx what happens if they play these games!
:;(Enter battle)
:::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Aghh, that's not fair... Oronyx must have been helping you from the shadows!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Don't be too pleased with yourself! Fight me somewhere else and you'll see!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
