<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015715
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Spindle, Laboring to Weave the Tapestry of Time]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Trying to snatch chests loaded with treasure from me is one thing, but an old scrap of paper covered in nonsensical scribbles? You won't even let something like that go?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What, are you also interested in "Aquila's Enlightenment" or something?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a lore collector.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' My apologies, I didn't realize. But what is there even to collect with junk like this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When I see an option to interact, I just press it...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehe, now that's what I'm talking about! When I see a treasure chest, I can't control my own hands either!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nothing pleases me more than seeing you humiliated.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehe, I can admire that kind of wickedness! Truly, what a pure heart you have...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' *sigh*... I'd never even bother with antiquated scrap paper like this if it weren't for that scribe from Marmoreal Market who came knocking.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Whenever those followers of {{Rubi|Aquila|Sky Titan}} see the Enlightenment stolen, they act like it's the end of the world or something, scurrying around to raise money to complete the set again.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Every book old Bartholos steals, the scribe gets another commission &mdash; and we split the profit! We were just rolling in cash! A never-ending river of money! Though, you just had to dam it up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Is it too late for me to join your little venture?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ha! You wanna join our line of business? You're still too wet behind the ears, {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's beyond the pale!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Old Bartholos gets to fill his stomach, the scribe can feed his family, and the believers get a chance to prove their piousness... It's a win-win-win!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You take this scroll here and go investigate, and I'll go rifle through those pilgrims' pockets. Just like venerable old {{Rubi|Zagreus|Trickery Titan}} said:
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Never let pilgrims off the hook, they're always got something in their pockets!"
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
