<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015712
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Oh my, finding your way through {{Rubi|the woods|the Grove}} without getting lost? Impressive, impressive.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' We're old friends by now... And the way you handle {{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}}'s power so naturally... Maybe we've danced this dance a thousand times before in their long memories?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't flatter yourself.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, vanity is a virtue, and I, Bartholos, thank you for the compliment.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take a guess.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hmph, you're no fun. But since you put it that way, I bet we have.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you doing this eternal cycle conspiracy theory?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Seeing this land ravaged by the black tide, doesn't it remind you of the secret treasure in the desert?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' But that's fine &mdash; I, Bartholos, love all uncertain things: The unknown treasures in chests, seeds that might sprout into anything, and that legendary cat that could be both dead and alive.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Uncertainty holds the greatest wisdom. As great Zagreus used to say...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Wisdom is the art of achieving what was impossible to you, and I hate games that are without wisdom."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cut the chatter. My stuff is off-limits.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Easy there, no need to be upset. There are no traps here, and I'm far more generous than I seem. I simply recalled a story about that great ancestor...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What exactly is your relationship with Zagreus?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' As a Spirithief, I, Bartholos, am blessed to call the {{Rubi|Coin of Whimsy|Trickery Titan}} both ancestor and friend. Rather obvious, no?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Legend has it that the other Titans tied a star to Zagreus to stop their pranks. Every time Zagreus escaped through the sky, the Thief Star would mark their trail.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' But here's the trick &mdash; Zagreus attached the star to a stone. So whenever they wanted to do mischief, they'd simply toss the rock! Hehehe! Sending the Titans on a wild chase after the Thief Star while missing what's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|right under their noses}}...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Tell you what. I wasn't really after this seed anyway, so consider it yours. Just remember &mdash; the Grove's paths often lead you in, but not back out. Mind you, don't lose your way!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
