<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015708
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ooh, err... How did you do that?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I saw you burrowing into the Thieves' Tunnel, but you returned to the same spot in the blink of an eye... I&mdash;It gave me a fright! Could you be Oronyx's kin?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am Oronyx's kin.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I knew it! No mortal could have such powers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am Oronyx in the flesh.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' To have descended from godhood and possessed a mortal shell, it's no wonder I didn't recognize you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am, the Galactic Baseballer!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Th&mdash;The Galactic Baseballer! I've heard so much about you!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I apologize for not recognizing you, please forgive me. I sought this weaver of Mnestia simply to seek its wisdom. If you have more urgent business, please go ahead!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You believed me that easily?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is the plan this time to play dumb?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You were just kidding? You gave me such a fright.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' If you're unwilling to reveal your identity, I would not pursue the matter. But you seem to recognize me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're the infamous bandit hero.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You flatter me! I'm but an amateur thief, a far cry from the true masters of the craft.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A petty thief that's never succeeded.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It's true... I'm but an amateur thief, a far cry from the true masters of the craft.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Seems like you don't know much else either...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' *sigh* The air around here sure is eerie. A band of warriors mechanically fighting to their deaths as if possessed by madness. Even the sculptures on the walls can talk, whispering things like "Warrior... Warrior... Come closer"...
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' It's obviously a trap! Who'd dare go close?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I thought I also heard halting whispers from the depths of the earth, its voice husky, words faltering... I don't even dare mention what they may mean. You'd better get out of here fast!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
