<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015714
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Strife, Dispel the Accompanying Fears]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Recognize this place? You're standing in a Titan's heart! Hehehe, if I could manage to steal that, I, Bartholos, would go down in history as the greatest thief of all...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're all talk.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So what? The great {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}} surely wouldn't mind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh? Not interested in my treasure chest anymore?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That's another thing! Besides, it's unowned. Both of us claimed it by wit and strength &mdash; why is it yours?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Melding of hearts, eh? Funny, isn't it?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Exactly. I, Bartholos, have quite the sense of humor.
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Speaking of {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}, did you know they originally came from a strand of {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}'s hair...?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I once thought of trying the same &mdash; cutting my hair to see what would grow. But guess what?
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I suddenly realized I had no hair! Hahaha!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
