<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015719
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Spindle, Laboring to Weave the Tapestry of Time]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Dragonbone City" Styxia]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Dragonbone City" Styxia
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' You know what? My mind is going places it shouldn't. Care to take a guess?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No idea.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, good one, old buddy. That's exactly what's going on in my mind. Nada.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I just have this weird feeling that there are countless (Trailblazer)s and Bartholoses in existence, each pair playing the exact same treasure-hunting game.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do you think? Is this a blessing or a curse? Or maybe I've just gone crazy to suddenly think such odd thoughts?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hey, old buddy &mdash; let's fight to verify our existence!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Because you're Bartholos.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Brilliant, you're absolutely right!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I'm just a helpless Spirithief... with endless ambitions, but so little power to achieve them.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' In that case, only a real fight can make me feel alive again, hehehe!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hand over the chest now!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Tsk. You're a cold one, not caring at all about your old pal Bartholos's state of mind! Alright then, let's fight!
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Phew... there's something oddly satisfying about getting beaten up when feeling empty inside.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' This used to be a magnificent city-state, right? But with just a turn of the cosmic wheel, it all vanished in a moment...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' This is maddening &mdash; the nether realm's foul water is everywhere, making it impossible for me to find any real treasure here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So that's what this was all about.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Come on now, after all our games together &mdash; surely it's not too much to ask you to listen to old Bartholos's complaints occasionally?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, your true identity is...
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do you mean, my true identity? I'm Bartholos!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' But for someone who can inherit {{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}}'s power... who'd believe you're just a regular traveler or living dead?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait a minute. There's hidden treasure?
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Well, that's... debatable. If even old Bartholos doesn't know where it is, maybe it never existed to begin with...
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Or maybe a Bartholos from another spacetime did it, and I accidentally downloaded their information? ...Hehehe, that would make "Bartholos" a teleslate! What an unexpected twist!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ahem... What was it that ancestor {{Rubi|Zagreus|Trickery Titan}} used to say...?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "The world is a stack of recurring destinies. Truth is often less fair than trickery."
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Hmm? Would they really talk so cohesively like that? Maybe not. It's been so long. I can't remember things clearly anymore.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' But you're different, (Trailblazer)! I won't forget such a fascinating name, hehehe...
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
