<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015705
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
----
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Oh, I was wondering who could have broken into such an uninhabited place. I guess seeing you here, it all makes sense.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The universal street rat, at your service.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're allowed to be here, but I'm not?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' If you had come sooner, this place would not be so desolate and bleak. I used to come here all the time when this place was all the rage!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Warriors from all over would gather for great ceremonies and engage in hand-to-hand combat, boxing, beast fighting, spear throwing... They would battle for glory with their lives, vying for the winner's crown and the benediction of Nikador.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Cast your spear into the earth and feed the soil its libations." Bards and poets compiled songs of the warriors' battles to the death. Unfortunately, this prosperity has long since passed, and these songs are rarely heard anymore.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehe. Once, the beast cage broke and the beasts flooded into the arena. The unarmed warriors were completely helpless. However, I had no fear and single-handedly caught them all one-by-one. That's where I got the title: "The Horned Warrior."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} With that sprout body of yours?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now that's a little farfetched...
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What? You don't believe me!? Looks like I'm going to have to prove my strength to you!
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Furiae Archer*2; "Spirithief" Bartholos*1}}
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ack! You fight just like the Kremnos warriors of the past!
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Fine... I did take some creative liberty in the story I told you... It was actually me who opened the beast cage and herded the beasts into the arena. Then, I stole the gladiators' weapons while I was at it.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Although, it was a truly brilliant battle! The audience was packed with people all roaring and shouting... I bet that great buffoon Nikador enjoyed the show a lot, too.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
