<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Humming Antlers, Entwined Horns]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Master Gongshu; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Artisanship Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Artisanship Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Talk to Master Gongshu)
:'''Master Gongshu:''' "Who can develop the best heliobus weapon? Gongshu Liang from the Artisanship Commission!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Master Gongshu, what are you doing here?
:'''Master Gongshu:''' I'm planning to do a weapon test. Do you remember the Luminflux Pyxis that helped you destroy the Ambrosial Arbor coil last time?
:Master Gongshu poses as usual and raises his eyebrow as if he is implying that you should praise Luminflux Pyxis.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do remember. It's all thanks to it!
::'''Master Gongshu:''' Haha! A great sword for a hero, a good saddle for a fine horse, and the Luminflux Pyxis is just right for you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not bad. Hmm.
::'''Master Gongshu:''' That sounds a little halfhearted, kid. It's such a miraculous item, I'm sure you have a few more words to say about it, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I can't remember.
::'''Master Gongshu:''' W&mdash;Wait! Kid, how could you forget such a powerful item?
:'''Master Gongshu:''' After what we did last, I have been thinking about improving the performance of this mechanism.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' But ever since the Artisanship Commission suffered the disaster, no apprentice dared to come in with me. You came just in time! Why don't you be my assistant?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, what do you want me to do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've got the wrong person. I'm leaving now.
::'''Master Gongshu:''' Not so fast, kid. Just do me a little favor. It won't be in vain.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How dare you come in?
::'''Master Gongshu:''' Because I have the ar-ti-san spi-rit~... Alright, that's enough. Let's get back to the assistant thing.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' I want to test the performance of the Luminflux Pyxis here. But I can't do it alone. You do the test, and I will record by your side &mdash; this will make our weapon test efficient.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' Don't worry, it's not difficult. Just like before, you adjust the position of the receiver so that the heliobus energy can penetrate all the balloon targets in one go.
----
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
----
----
:'''Master Gongshu:''' Well done. You're much more capable than my incompetent disciples.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' This heliobus weapon has been refracted many times, and its energy has not been attenuated. If it is used in the battleship formation, it will definitely strengthen our power~ Hahaha!
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 134,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 401520439
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>
----
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
----
----
:'''Master Gongshu:''' Oh, you are indeed someone of value and can be my assistant.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' If my apprentices were here, I would point at their noses and say to them, "Even an amateur can do this"!
:'''Master Gongshu:''' It's a pity that it's just you and me here...
:<!--1-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 134,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 401520439
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>
----
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
----
----
:'''Master Gongshu:''' I thought that today's test would be difficult for you. Didn't expect you to solve it so quickly.
:'''Master Gongshu:''' Come back next time. My test won't always be so easy.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
