<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015903
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Gold Specimen Goat]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Diogena; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|prev          = Gold Specimen Goat
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Diogena)
;(If the player has greater than or equal to {{Item|Golden Remains|20|x=7}})
::'''Diogena:''' *sigh* Mr. Lygus is always like this. The moment he loses interest in something, he completely ignores it. Anyway, if you have more trophies, feel free to hand them over to me.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_ConsumeItem",
	"SubmissionID": 401590302,
	"SimpleTalk": {},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 401590702,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayFullScreenTransfer",
			"PrevDuration": 0,
			"TextInfo": {
				"TextList": [
					{
						"TalkSentenceID": 401590703
					}
				]
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
			"SubmissionID": 401590302,
			"MissionCustomValue": {
				"Name": "OldValue_0",
				"ValidValueParamList": [
					0,
					1,
					2
				]
			},
			"CustomValue": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(If the player does not have greater than or equal to {{Item|Golden Remains|20|x=7}})
::'''Diogena:''' You know, Mr. Lygus's earlier remarks gave me a certain impression&mdash;
::'''Diogena:''' Maybe our translations of ''Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings'' are somehow connected to the swordmaster who destroyed the Grove? Could they reflect something from that person's past?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's possible.
:::'''Diogena:''' Right? Too bad we don't have any evidence.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hard to say. Without evidence, it's just speculation.
::'''Diogena:''' *sigh* Just like I reminded Avilius earlier, speculation alone won't solve anything.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
