<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015702
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Spirithief" Bartholos; Old Bart the Porter; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*40; Celestial Ambrosia*60
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Spirithief" Bartholos)
:'''Old Bart the Porter:''' Bleh... I feel like the ground is spinning... I feel so sick!
:'''Old Bart the Porter:''' Kephale above. I am just an old man... The priest said that I would go through an ordeal when I was 884 years old... Could this be the day?
:'''Old Bart the Porter:''' Child, you have the wrong man. I am not the infamous Spirithief Bartholos. My name is Old Bart, a mere porter. I have come to move this chest on the orders of the Council of Elders.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Quit pretending, Bartholos!
::'''Old Bart the Porter:''' We do indeed look similar. I can understand how you could mistake us...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Council of Elders is hiring elderly workers?
::'''Old Bart the Porter:''' With the enemy at our gates, I naturally also wish to do my part for Okhema.
:'''Old Bart the Porter:''' Child, you do not believe me. I can understand that. Fortunately, we have plenty of time. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About your looks...
::'''Old Bart the Porter:''' The creations of Cerces share common elements in life. Countless chimeras resemble each other, just as it is common for a spirit or two to look alike.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About your job...
::'''Old Bart the Porter:''' Back then, I was a lonely shade that roamed the wilderness. It was the elders that took me in. Seeing that I was fast of foot and deft with my hands, they allowed me to take on the duty of "porter."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About your sudden appearance...
::'''Old Bart the Porter:''' Why would there be a chest just sitting around waiting for you to open it in a public place? No one dares to blindly interfere with it because it is the property of the elders. You were going to cross the line for a citizen, so I rushed to stop you.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The truth is clear as day.
::'''Old Bart the Porter:''' I put my everything into my work, and you still give an old man like me a hard time! Why don't you apologize to me and we'll call this settled!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, old man!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Sorry, old man~"
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, I'm gonna laugh my head off!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Let me tell you! A trickster isn't scared of villains or fellow deceivers. What they're really scared of is punks like you! Naïve little sheep that waste all the effort we put into our traps!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Taking this chest doesn't even feel right anymore... Do us a favor and try not to get tricked so easily next time!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bartholos, you're lying again!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hehehe, you're pretty alert, huh? But in this life we live, is there anyone that isn't lying? If Kephale could talk, they'd be the biggest swindler of all!
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Take the chest. We'll meet again!
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "TriggerBubble",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
