<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040205
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040202--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon"; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Cloudford]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Cloudford
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Strale*10; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 117,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 404020542
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>
----
:'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' Great. Thanks to you, my speech flows better now without stuttering out all the time.
:'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' Ah, I got too greedy. I don't believe in streaming online media. If I find an immersia I like, I have to download it myself. Even if I don't end up watching it, I must download it.
:'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' As a result... Well, as you can see, my memory was too full and I crashed. If it weren't for you, I might be a piece of scrap on the roadside. You're such a kind person.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What did you download?
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' That's a great question. Perhaps we have the same hobbies.
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' I kept the original, backup, collectors' edition, and remastered versions for each Butterfly Immersia on the Millennium Top Ten list... And pretty much anything else that gets rated highly.
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' But they're all so memory-hungry that they don't leave any space for my firmware to run...
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' Oh shoot! Did everything just get deleted during the reparation? Gah!
::{{DIcon|Return}} You can download them all again.
:::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' Download someone else's filthy copy, instead of my own collector's version? Ugh...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} There's no other way...
:::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' You're right. I'm going to find someone to help me expand my memory. I want all the immersias of the Xianzhou Luofu... No, I want all the entertainment that has ever existed in the whole cosmos stored in my memory!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing with all these courier packages?
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' Ack, these things? They're just courier packages with unknown addresses...
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' I'm not sure who stacked them all here, but it has nothing to do with me.
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' Did you think I just kept all these for my own? I do have work ethics, you know.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should get back to Heron Express.
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' I've been planning on doing just that. I have to find some of the techs from Heron Express to expand my memory. I can't even fit the top 100 anymore, and that's how little memory I have!
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' If you were sent here to retrieve me, relax &mdash; I'm going back soon.
::'''Cycrane with the Moniker "Evil Dragon":''' You really are a well-meaning person. Here's a gift from yours truly, keep it. Farewell!
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
