<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040210
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[The Hound Chases the Fox]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Xianzhou Local
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Strale*10; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Praise of High Morals|20|x=1}})
----
:You notice a line of large characters at the top, glowing with a cool sparkly font: "Retired Cloud Knight for late-night romance; your exclusive hotline &mdash; Let only the hardest armor ignite your passions."
:You have absolutely no idea how Cloud Knights' armor could be used as an ignition device. But thinking back to the Xianzhou man who stopped here and his facial expression, you decide...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Strange, let's take another look.
::The aesthetics and pastimes here are simply bizarre and leave you gobsmacked.
::While amazed, you decisively tap it open and take a look. Your curiosity guides you to explore the most secret and profound of authentic local customs.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Absolutely freaky. Close it, immediately.
::The aesthetics and pastimes here are simply terrifying, and stretch far beyond your bottom line.
::The sparkly visual on the screen glows even more glaring the longer you gaze at it. It's best to see no evil and close the page for now.
:Just as your fingertips touch the flexible display, a flood of colors and sounds spurts out of page on the display...
:Several foxian girls wearing heavy armor and holding serpent spears appear on-screen. Their look is staunch as they quietly mutter:
:"Each night, your queen leads her army. We fight through the new zone for epic loot, and pay out in strales immediately."
:"With me, sisters!"
:After seeing this unique Xianzhou advert, you decide to...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Check it out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's weird, close it, quick.
:You're sure you've hit the right thing, but several pop-up pages that run counter to your thoughts start showing up on the flexible display...
:"'Does he finally acknowledge his wrongs?''Miss! Bad news! The young master ran away by hiding inside a cargo container in Cloudford!''Hmph, we have methods of deduction at the Divination Commission. I wonder where he can possibly go.' She chases, he flees, and he can't escape!"
:" 'Call off the marriage? Y&mdash;You... Who are you to... I've lost everything, and I'm going to claw it back with my bare hands!' The prodigy healer from the Alchemy Commission fell into a coma for several years, and awoke to the humiliating news of her fiancé's broken engagement! A thrilling story of reversing defeat and reclamation!"
:"'Sis, why do you look so similar to the Cauldron Master of the Alchemy Commission?' 'What? My brother is a genius pilot?' 'The Artisanship Commission's Furnace Master has come to visit and wants to make a personalized suit of armor for me?' A transaction made him join the Cloud Knights and leave home for several years. Upon his return, dramatic changes had happened in his family, and even his seemingly frail fiancee is a big shot!"
:It seems like it's a very popular Xianzhou story, but judging by the content, you wonder what kind of people would actually read this thing. You decide...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me see!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How unsightly. Shut it off, now.
:You were about to press the button when a reprimanding voice caught your attention...
----
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' Oiiii!
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' How are you so rude as to going through someone else's flexible display?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was an accident, and I was just curious.
::'''Xianzhou Local:''' Be disciplined! It's not a good habit to pick something up without asking!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wanted to turn it off for you, but I couldn't...
::'''Xianzhou Local:''' ...So you... I see...
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' No, how could you... Ack, I see. Judging by your outfit, you're an Outworlder, right?
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' Alright, here's what going on... This thing is like a strong adhesive. Whatever you do, don't touch it, otherwise this spam news will just keep growing.
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' I just realized that I forgot to take back my flexible display, so I came back to do that.
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' I have to take this thing in to get fixed, or throw it out otherwise &mdash; so as not to contaminate anyone else's vision.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What do you mean?
::'''Xianzhou Local:''' ...I mean, exactly what I just said? This thing is junk, and these spam messages get out all over the place. Let me take it to get it fixed, or I'll just throw it out!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Throw it out? I thought you were watching it...
::'''Xianzhou Local:''' Hold on, wait, what kind of person do you take me for?
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' *sigh* It's my fault. I lent it to the neighbor's foxian kid to play with. When I came back, it was stuffed full of this junk...
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' I can't wipe any of it, and if I try, more of them would just pop up.
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' Why isn't the Realm-Keeping Commission looking into who's behind this rotten business? *sigh* I told them this is going to bring shame to the whole Xianzhou in front of Outworlders!
:'''Xianzhou Local:''' *sigh* This kind of indecency is really... Ahem, don't stare at me. I have to get back. Chat later!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
