<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040344
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Stranger in a Strange Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Stefano; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:Someone's watching you...
:Their gaze is calm, focused, and devoid of ill intentions. Nevertheless, it makes you feel nervous and uneasy.
:You look back and stare straight into a pair of inscrutable eyes sitting upon a metallic face.
:'''Stefano:''' You're so... gorgeous.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ah... thank you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this considered harassment?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I find myself gorgeous, too!
:The strange Intellitron does not seem to care about your response. You cannot tell if he is actually looking at you.
:What a strange feeling. His gaze is so deep that you feel it seep into your skin, past your flesh, your bones, and into your soul. Silently, it searches for your inherent "nature" in its most abstract and purest form.
:'''Stefano:''' There is an air of Destruction about you, yet you possess the will of the Preservation. Both Paths are able to maintain a delicate balance despite their convergence... I have seen a similar kind of beauty before, when I gazed upon the body of a pious {{Rubi|Arbitrator| Follower of the Equilibrium}}.
:'''Stefano:''' In addition... in addition to that, you possess the rhythm of the Harmony, like a monochrome shade that has been stained with a dizzying array of enigmatic hues. Such immense beauty, indeed.
:'''Stefano:''' I really want you to be my model...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you know...
::'''Stefano:''' As a photographer, my eyes serve as the lens of my camera, both literally and metaphorically.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm fine with that.
::'''Stefano:''' Thank you for your generosity. I will always remember your promise to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I refuse.
::'''Stefano:''' It's too early for you to reject me just yet...
:'''Stefano:''' I have a premonition that you will be stained with even more shades of color in the future. These hues will either grant you strength beyond compare or steer you toward destruction.
:'''Stefano:''' If such a day ultimately occurs, I hope that you will hurry back to me, so that I can record your incomparable "beauty" in that moment.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
