<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040252
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040250--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Xiaoyu
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Alchemy Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Alchemy Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*1
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Obtain {{Item|''Manuscript of Silence''|20|x=1|text=''Manuscript of Silence''}})

;(Talk to Xiaoyu)
----
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 202010423-->)
::'''Xiaoyu:''' Is this where you used to work, Lady Dan Shu? The air is so fresh here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you talking to?
::'''Xiaoyu:''' This voice... It's you, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}! It's been a while! What brings you here? I was talking to Lady Dan Shu, and she said she wanted to show me where she worked.
::The girl's words ring a bell. Dan Shu was the master primus of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, and the girl in front of you is the blind girl she took care of.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 202010423-->)
::'''Xiaoyu:''' Is this where you used to work, Lady Dan Shu? The air is so fresh here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you talking to?
::'''Xiaoyu:''' Hi, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}! I was talking to Lady Dan Shu, and she said she wanted to show me where she worked.
::'''Xiaoyu:''' She just told me that you're a good person, and she said she'd feel safe if I played with you... Hehe...
::The girl's words ring a bell. Dan Shu was the master primus of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, and rumor had it that she took special care of a blind girl much like herself. That must be the girl in front of you.
:You remember how Lady Dan Shu died in the Alchemy Commission, and you are absolutely certain of her death.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But Dan Shu is no longer of this world.
::'''Xiaoyu:''' This might be true for everyone else, but for me, she's right here with me now.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There is no one else here.
::'''Xiaoyu:''' Lady Dan Shu said that she would only accompany me, and that nobody else could see her.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' And she asks you not to worry. She said she's just here to play with me and won't do anything bad.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why can you still see Dan Shu?
:'''Xiaoyu:''' Not long ago, I received a package containing a strange stone tablet, along with a letter left by Lady Dan Shu.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' According to the letter, the tablet is called the ''Manuscript of Silence'', and only Incomplete Ones who are born blind can activate its power... Just keep the tablet on you, and you'll hear a voice that guides you.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' So I followed the instructions and carried the tablet with me, and I actually heard the Sound of Silence guiding me! This is amazing!
:'''Xiaoyu:''' What's more, as I used the tablet, I gradually became able to hear Lady Dan Shu's voice, like I'm doing right now. She was always too busy with her official duties to play with me, but now we can finally play together.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She's no longer here. The voice you've been hearing...
::'''Xiaoyu:''' I know... I shouldn't be able to hear her voice. I'm not naive, and I know what has happened.
::'''Xiaoyu:''' And I know you're here to retrieve this tablet, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've got to retrieve the ''Manuscript of Silence''.
::'''Xiaoyu:''' Retrieve? Is this tablet yours, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}? Or does it... have something to do with what Lady Dan Shu did?
::'''Xiaoyu:''' Fine, it doesn't matter... I always had a feeling that someone would come and take it away.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' But before that... Can I bid farewell to Lady Dan Shu, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}? I didn't have time to bid farewell to her last time...
:An unwavering determination emanates from her glassy eyes. Seeing this, you simply don't have the heart to deny her request.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' Thank you for your help all the time, Lady Dan Shu, but I'm afraid it's time for me to walk my own path without you. Please don't worry... I'll follow your instructions and live well on my own.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' Farewell, Lady Dan Shu.
:Xiaoyu hands you the stone tablet she's been carrying with her.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' I should go home too. See you next time, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll walk you home.
:'''Xiaoyu:''' Thanks, but no there's no need. Just like Lady Dan Shu said, I'll have to walk my own path for the next few hundred years.
:{{Black Screen|Stumbling and wavering, Xiaoyu disappears from your sight.}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' *sigh* Anyway... here is the ''Manuscript of Silence''. I should return it to Yuluo.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
