<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040253
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040250--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Anxious Woman; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Divination Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Divination Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Lost Gold Fragment*1
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Anxious Woman)
----
:'''Anxious Woman:''' How could this happen... Could it be that all those rumors about the ''Manuscript of Delirium'' are true?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's going on here?
:'''Anxious Woman:''' It's you! I've seen you at the Alchemy Commission, and you seem to be close with the Dragon Lady. Please help me! Something seems off about this man...
:'''Anxious Woman:''' And don't touch that book! I think he was knocked out by the curse of that forbidden book! Please be careful!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. I'm here to retrieve this forbidden book.
:'''Anxious Woman:''' Retrieve the ''Manuscript of Delirium''? But this book is really cursed! You can't be too careful about it!
:'''Anxious Woman:''' We are both students at the academy, and we were interning at the Alchemy Commission not long ago. We heard about the forbidden tomes, so we took advantage of the chaos in the Commission and snatched one of them.
:'''Anxious Woman:''' Many people have heard of the horrible legends of this ''Manuscript of Delirium''... Legend has it that it's filled with forbidden knowledge, and any readers who are not well-prepared will be knocked unconscious at the very first sight...
:'''Anxious Woman:''' Those who woke up later would tell stories about experiences they had never actually had, and their stories varied from one another.
:'''Anxious Woman:''' I've even heard rumors about someone losing their life just because they stole a peek into the ''Manuscript of Delirium''!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. I will be careful.
::'''Anxious Woman:''' Yeah, that's the attitude. Being students of the sciences, we thought those were just baseless rumors...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your story is hardly convincing.
::'''Anxious Woman:''' Well, that's what we thought at first, too. We believed it was nothing more than some wild stories.
:'''Anxious Woman:''' So my boyfriend, Yun... Yeah, the guy lying on the ground now... summoned up the courage and opened the book...
:'''Anxious Woman:''' ...But the next second, his eyes opened wide and his body twitched and curled into a ball. Then he slurred something like "Don't come closer!"... and then he passed out...
:'''Anxious Woman:''' This is terrible... We'll never dare to tamper with any of the forbidden tomes again. Please be careful while retrieving it! I'll take my boyfriend to the apothecary!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't steal anything ever again.
::'''Anxious Woman:''' No! We'll never do it again!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Safe travels.
::'''Anxious Woman:''' Please, do be careful!
----

;(Obtain {{Item|''Manuscript of Delirium''|20|x=1|text=''Manuscript of Delirium''}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
