<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040018
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lingering Shadows]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Scared Researcher; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*1; Hertareum*20
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
----
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
:'''Scared Researcher:''' Who the &mdash; what the!? You scared the heck out of me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uhhh... I'm kinda dizzy...
::'''Scared Researcher:''' Oh no, are you sick? You should go to the Medical Department and get that checked out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you seen a toilet bowl around here?
::'''Scared Researcher:''' Toilet bowl? What toilet bowl? This isn't a restroom... Hang on! What's this!?
:'''Scared Researcher:''' I just want to slack off for a while, but why are all these people popping out of nowhere? And this... toilet!? Not this again!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did I scare you? Sorry.
::'''Scared Researcher:''' Nah, it's not that bad.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Popping out of nowhere"?
::'''Scared Researcher:''' Uh, yeah... Like you just did right now.
:'''Scared Researcher:''' How to put it... This place was once my own private rest area. Whenever experiments wouldn't go my way, I'd come here for a little break.
:'''Scared Researcher:''' But recently, I keep on running into weird things. Like, when I was daydreaming, I'd sometimes hear startled cries &mdash; oh yeah, and always with this sound of flushing water!
:'''Scared Researcher:''' I got so confused &mdash; I wasn't in the restroom, so how come there's this flushing sound!? And then this "toilet bowl" just popped out of nowhere!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Recount what you know)
:'''Scared Researcher:''' Oh... So that's how it is then... I got it. Thank you.
:'''Scared Researcher:''' Um... This is my private rest area. If you don't mind, could I please ask you to leave for a bit? I'd like a little peace and quiet...
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CaptureLocalPlayer",
	"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:After a period of uncomfortable dizziness, you are transported to the master control zone by the Door to A New World.
:No magnificent adventure greets you, but you're okay with this level of mundanity.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
