<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040338
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Walk Among the Tombstones]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Dreamflux Reef]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Dreamflux Reef
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 103310107-->)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Box Staircase
:This is a test. An impregnable "mountain" towers before you.
:Standing over this vast highland, you sweep away your enemies, becoming the center of the world.
:To be fair, these boxes have already been piled up. It'd be a disservice not to climb on atop them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Up the mountain we go.
::Nice, you actually climbed to the top! Such a gorgeous vantage point... You just want to slather your soles with glue and be stuck to this place forever... But, you quickly realize that you have no idea how to get down.
::Darn, this must be a trap created by a Masked Fool!
::You look down, praying that this world has no fall damage, and then take a leap of faith.
::How fun, I'm coming back next time.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} This is so childish.
::Congratulations, you've overcome the impulse deep in your heart and returned to the mature, sensible world of adults.

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Abandoned Tracks
:An abandoned railway &mdash; the Dreamscape's magnanimity has allowed it to escape the fate of being invaded by overgrowth.
:Even if that is the case, you can still faintly hear a constant roaring from the other side of the tunnel.
:It's as if in the next moment, an eerie train will slowly pull into the station, to take you to a dark world of no return.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is just so thrilling!
::You choose to stay without hesitation. Who could resist a mysterious train?
::Before you realize it, many people seem to have appeared around you. Though you can't see them, you know that they are all passengers waiting for that train.
::Yes, it's arriving.
::Okay, the train might have run into some issues on its way here, like a Stellaron blocking its way. It won't be long before it can remove the obstacle and swimmingly arrive before you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait and hope.
:::It's already here. It'd be rude if you left now.
:::You take a deep breath and listen in on the passengers' banter. They are saying that the train has free desserts, and that it's arriving.
:::The passengers' murmuring buzz fills the entire station. With these imaginary friends accompanying you, you're starting to consider if you should wait for the next one?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Patience is a virtue.
::::In a place unfathomably far away, the train is speeding here, loaded with monkeys wearing hats, spiders with shoes, and dancing worms.
::::The train leaves their mirth where it is, piercing through an ocean paved in velvet and rubies, rushing toward the Dreamscape's next stop. And now, it is the moment of its stop!
::::Hmm... nothing happened. Is it because you didn't buy a ticket? It left with those formless spirits, leaving only you in place.
::::It's probably not your time, you tell yourself &mdash; sometimes, it's not necessarily good to have an active imagination.
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Boring. I'm leaving.
::::No point in scaring yourself silly.
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Who're you trying to bluff?
:::This so-called train is just the environment affecting my senses &mdash; you repeat to yourself.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Better just leave.
::It's probably just the wind from the tunnel &mdash; you repeat to yourself.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
