<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040203
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040202--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Courteous Cycrane; On-Duty Cloud Knight; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Cloudford]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Cloudford
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*2; Strale*10
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''???:''' Hehehe. Hey, {{MC|f=beautiful|m=handsome}}, stop right there.
:'''???:''' Don't walk too far. I'm right here. Hehe.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 115
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300002
		}
	}
}</pre>
----
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' This is the place. Here. I'll be on the look out. You'll go and pry open the container.
;(Screen fades to black)
:The cycrane flies up into the air to help confirm that there isn't anyone nearby. You slowly exhale. Now's your chance.
:With a little strength and skill, you successfully break open the container and save the seized photo books stored within. It's a successful rescue mission.
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Oh... Wow! Oh my...
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' This photo book is really too exciting! Oh! This paper... The color... And the number of pages! It's too much! I'm way too lucky! I could read this all day! All day long!
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' This... This is... I feel... Ah, Xianzhou. It's floating above my head... I see... the universe!
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Look at this page. This gear. How can I get some of it? I really want to get a couple of gears to have fun with! Of course, I would be gentle... Hehe. I really want to fasten that gear onto the chain so fiercely.
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' And this page... This bearing is so strong. It has serious power! What is it made of... A newly developed alloy? Gosh! If I could use that, I would have such a shocking creak when I fly!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is this photo book?
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' It's a collection of designs for Interastral Peace Corporation's precision machines. It's suspected to have something to do with the Intelligentsia Guild's technology protection regulation, or whatever. I don't care about all that stuff... Let's go, let's go. We better scram.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've got strange tastes, that's for sure.
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' In the face of true beauty, even a hunk of scrap iron like you must be enlightened... But this isn't the time for pontificating. Let's go, let's go. We better scram.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is what a cycrane can't look at?
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' You tell me. Can this little cycrane hold on?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, it can't.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not a cycrane. I don't know.
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Don't get so hung up on that stuff. Let's go, let's go. We better scram.
----
:'''On-Duty Cloud Knight:''' What are you doing here? Idlers are to stay away!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The cycrane is behind it. This has nothing to do with me!
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Yes, I'm the mastermind. Come and get me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Forget the photo book. Run!
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Not possible. I have to take it with me. Get out of here!
:Now, you understand. You and this cycrane you just met forged an unbreakable bond. In just a moment, you will split up. You know all too well that the Cloud Knights will eventually catch the cycrane.
:You also know that after all this, even if you do encounter this cycrane again, you won't be able to know that cycrane is the one you met, because all of the cycranes from Heron Express look exactly the same. When you part ways, it could be forever.
:But, you believe that it will keep its promise to return to Ziqiao. You don't know why, but you trust this cycrane. Goodbye, gentleman. Fly faster!
:'''On-Duty Cloud Knight:''' Halt!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
