<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040303
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040318--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dancy; Irate Employee; More Irate Employee; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Golden Limited - Aideen Token*1
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitUIControllerClose",
	"UIControllerName": "Ui.RollShop.MazeGachaBoxPage"
}</pre>
----
:'''Dancy:''' Yo, check this out! The first-ever guest in Golden Hour to be blessed by the Lucky Party God is here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What does that mean?
::'''Dancy:''' Isn't it pretty obvious? You're the shiniest lucky star across all Twelve Hours in the Dreamscape!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds fabulous. Get me my prize now.
::'''Dancy:''' Don't be so impatient my friend! Right here, right now, you're the shiniest lucky star across all Twelve Hours in the Dreamscape!
:'''Dancy:''' You see, the Robin is a hidden prize mechanism recently installed in Dreamy Slots, and you're the first lucky winner who gets three Robins in a row!
:'''Dancy:''' To celebrate your luck and... um, blessing, allow me to present to you this Lucky One's Black Card!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What can I do with this card?
::'''Dancy:''' ...You'll have to figure it out yourself, my friend! It's arranged that way so that you can feel the excitement of winning a prize as well as enjoy the process of discovering the uses of the card! Yes, that's the concept!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I have something more practical?
::'''Dancy:''' Um... It's arranged that way so that you can feel the excitement of winning a prize as well as enjoy the process of discovering the uses of the card! Yes, that's the concept!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What an outdated concept.
::'''Dancy:''' How can you describe it that way? It's called a classic design. A classic, you know?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have to read the item description, right? That's an old trick.
::'''Dancy:''' I'm glad you catch my drift. That's right. We always do things here the old-school way.
:'''Dancy:''' Well, please keep the Lucky One's Black Card... Now, you're free to do whatever you want. I'll get out of your hair!

:{{DIcon|?}} Investigate
:There is a voice recorder here. You press the "Play" button...
:'''Irate Employee:''' What the *Pepeshi profanity*! Who asked you to set up this room in this *Pepeshi profanity* way!?
:'''Irate Employee:''' We wanted a prize room! You heard me!? Not a love hotel room!
:'''More Irate Employee:''' *Profanity*! Why didn't you say so earlier? By the time your requests came in, the procurement deadline had long passed!
:'''More Irate Employee:''' Without clear instructions, I could only do things my way... How can you blame me for that? *Profanity*!
:...The recording comes to a sudden halt. You think there is a 60% chance that the two had a fight in this room.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
