<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040123
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lingering Shadows]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Derisive Resident; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Administrative District]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Administrative District
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Shield (Item)*20; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:This is a car specially made in Belobog. The hood is letting off a dry heat unique to an engine that's going at full throttle.
;(Screen fades to black)
:'''Derisive Resident:''' Th&mdash;That's! Sorry...
----
:'''Derisive Resident:''' S&mdash;Sorry! I'm just parked here for a bit. I'll move it right away!
:'''Derisive Resident:''' P&mdash;Please don't give me a ticket!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A ticket?
::'''Derisive Resident:''' Huh?
::'''Derisive Resident:''' Oh!
::'''Derisive Resident:''' Ah... I mistook you for a Silvermane Guard. My mistake. Just a misunderstanding! But it's your fault, too, wandering in front of other people's cars like that without a reason...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. I'll get going.
:::The smirking resident in front of you seems to be muttering something, but you can't make out what it is. They then bolt from the scene without a trace.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that how you talk to a guard?
:::'''Derisive Resident:''' Huh?
:::'''Derisive Resident:''' Oh, you're a guard? You should've said something...
:::'''Derisive Resident:''' ...I'm begging you. Please don't give me a ticket! I'll move my car...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not going to cut it. I do things by the book...
::::'''Derisive Resident:''' Oh! Oh! I see. I see!
::::'''Derisive Resident:''' Umm. This is just a small token... Please kindly accept it, {{MC|m=Sir|f=Miss}}!
::::In a lightning-fast movement, this grinning resident casually stuffs credits into your hand, then bolts from the scene without a trace. That isn't what you mean at all...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Be quiet and act like a professional.)
::::'''Derisive Resident:''' W&mdash;Well, say anything please...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You already know what I was going to say!
:::::'''Derisive Resident:''' Oh! Oh! I see. I see!
:::::'''Derisive Resident:''' Umm. This is just a small token... Please kindly accept it, {{MC|m=Sir|f=Miss}}!
:::::In a lightning-fast movement, this grinning resident casually stuffs credits into your hand, then bolts from the scene without a trace. That isn't what you mean at all...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain silent and act like a professional.)
:::::'''Derisive Resident:''' Ack. You're killing me here! I&mdash;I gave you credits. Is that not enough!?
:::::The resident in front of you swiftly hands over a hefty amount of credits, then bolts from the scene without a trace. That isn't what you mean at all...
:::Right or wrong, you did receive some unexpected cash. Let's just say you've accepted the fine on behalf of the guards.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not going to cut it. I do things by the book...
::'''Derisive Resident:''' Oh! Oh! I see. I see!
::'''Derisive Resident:''' Umm. This is just a small token... Please kindly accept it, {{MC|m=Sir|f=Miss}}!
::The resident in front of you swiftly hands over a hefty amount of credits, then bolts from the scene without a trace. That isn't what you mean at all...
::Right or wrong, you did receive some unexpected cash. Let's just say you've accepted the fine on behalf of the guards.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Be quiet and act like a professional.)
::'''Derisive Resident:''' W&mdash;Well, say anything please...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You already know what I was going to say!
:::Oh! Oh! I see. I see!
:::'''Derisive Resident:''' Umm. This is just a small token... Please kindly accept it, {{MC|m=Sir|f=Miss}}!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain silent and act like a professional.)
:::'''Derisive Resident:''' Ack. You're killing me here! I&mdash;I gave you credits. Is that not enough!?
::The resident in front of you swiftly hands over a hefty amount of credits, then bolts from the scene without a trace. That isn't what you mean at all...
::Right or wrong, you did receive some unexpected cash. Let's just say you've accepted the fine on behalf of the guards.
----

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:<!--3-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 172
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300002
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
