<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040255
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = A-Xing; Ruoyue; Sad Man; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Exalting Sanctum]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Exalting Sanctum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to A-Xing)
:'''Sad Man:''' I'm jinxed... This world has been so unfair... I just can't go on like this...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't give up on your life!
::'''Sad Man:''' I didn't want to, but now I'm feeling like giving in to the cruel hand of fate!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
::'''Sad Man:''' Well... I'm just so unlucky... I can't take it anymore...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand. I can't take it anymore, either...
::'''Sad Man:''' No, no, no, you've got to keep going... but I really can't take it anymore, because I'm just so unlucky...
:'''A-Xing:''' My name is A-Xing, which means "fortunate." However, I'm positively jinxed. I appreciate that you're concerned for me, but you seem like a good person and I don't want to drag you down.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. Bad luck or jinxes don't really exist.
::'''A-Xing:''' I thought so, too, but then reality kept slapping me in the face and proving me wrong, time after time...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here, at the entrance of the Looking Bronze?
::'''A-Xing:''' I don't know... Maybe I just want to get a final conclusion this time...
:'''A-Xing:''' I've been coming to the Looking Bronze every once in a while, but guess what? I got one of the three "Woe" sticks every single time! I've done this hundreds of times, and not once have I got a "Weal!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you just stop...?
::'''A-Xing:''' No, I've got to do this... Even though they're all "Woe" sticks, there are differences between them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The fortune-telling here is never accurate...
::'''A-Xing:''' That's not true. Ruoyue is an excellent fortune-teller.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow.
::'''A-Xing:''' You're not gloating, are you? I'm serious.
:'''A-Xing:''' For example, I drew the "Cangcheng" hexagram the other day, which indicates "a sudden and tragic blow"...
:'''A-Xing:''' Then right after I left the Looking Bronze, I got hit on the head by a cycrane and suffered a nasty wound, so I went to an apothecary to get it treated, but guess what? That apothecary turned out to be a hideout for the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, and the Cloud Knights mistook me for an accomplice and took me away for a whole day of trial.
:'''A-Xing:''' To make matters worse, my graduation exam at the academy happened to be on that very same day... By the time they finally let me go, the exam was already over.
:'''A-Xing:''' I think you get what I'm trying to say: I'm simply jinxed. Today, I'm going to draw one last time, and if it's still a "Woe" hexagram, I might as well give up on my life!
:'''A-Xing:''' I must get a "Weal" hexagram this time no matter what!
:A-Xing is muttering and trying to gather his courage. Apparently, he is not yet ready to unveil his fate.
:Maybe you should ask Ruoyue if there are actually people who are born unlucky?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I should check with Ruoyue before A-Xing draws...)


;(Talk to A-Xing)
:'''A-Xing:''' Don't give me that look. I did say I was going to draw one last time in my life.
:'''A-Xing:''' ...But I don't dare to do it yet, unless the Reignbow Arbiter can guarantee that I'll get a "Weal."

;(Talk to A-Xing)
:'''A-Xing:''' This will be the last fortune in my life... but I'm so scared!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. Everything will just be fine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Time to make a decision. Your jinx is in your own hands.
::'''A-Xing:''' I think what you were trying to say is, "your fate is in your own hands," right? But yeah, I understand.
:'''A-Xing:''' To be honest, every time I drew a stick, I kept telling myself that it would be the last time and that I shouldn't be discouraged if it turned out to be a "Woe"... But now that I'm actually going to draw the last one, I'm feeling unsure of myself.
:'''A-Xing:''' I even need a stranger to cheer me up... All right. I've made up my mind! I've got to draw the last lot and embrace my fate, no matter what it may have in store for me!
----

;(Unused &mdash; SubmitSuccess_404025504)
:'''Ruoyue:''' Greed is good, huh?... Fine, you can have it all. I didn't intend to accept it anyway.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 404025504,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 3
}</pre>
::'''Ruoyue:''' In the end, it's just a change in his attitude towards life. Maybe this result is even better than him getting a "Weal".
::----

;(Unused &mdash; Act_404025504)
:----
::'''A-Xing:''' I'm still so scared, Ruoyue. What if I still get a "Woe?" I&mdash;I will be so...
::'''Ruoyue:''' Don't worry. I've foreseen that you'll definitely not get a "Woe" this time. You should have faith in me!
::'''A-Xing:''' Really? I definitely won't get a "Woe" this time? Do you really mean it?
::'''Ruoyue:''' Anyway, please trust me. My divination has never been wrong! Just draw your lot and see what awaits you.
::'''A-Xing:''' F&mdash;Fine... I'll give it a try if you say so.
::{{Black Screen|A-Xing stands in front of the jade abacus and lowers his head, deep in thought about what he wants to divine. The jade abacus starts to turn... but it stops abruptly after only a short while.}}
::'''A-Xing:''' Hmmm? What's happening?
::{{Black Screen|A-Xing freezes for a moment and then lowers his head again. The jade abacus starts to turn... but once again, it stops after a short while.}}
::'''A-Xing:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on here... Ruoyue...?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there anything wrong?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ruoyue, your jade abacus is not working...
::'''Ruoyue:''' Wh&mdash;Wh&mdash;What's going on here? Let me take a look... Ah, this jade abacus... I think it's... broken...
::'''Ruoyue:''' I'm sorry, A-Xing... but this abacus seems to be broken... I'm sorry for having you come all this way for nothing...
::'''A-Xing:''' H&mdash;Haha... Hahahahahaha! So that's what you meant by "you'll definitely not get a Woe!" You're indeed an excellent fortune-teller, Ruoyue!
::'''A-Xing:''' The last draw in my life ends up... with the breaking of the jade abacus.
::'''Ruoyue:''' A-Xing...
::'''Ruoyue:''' (What should I do? Come on, (Trailblazer), say something!)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, you can consider this a "Weal" in a sense...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} At least it's not a "Woe" stick again...
::'''A-Xing:''' To be honest, when I drew the lot, I almost freaked out realizing that I had bet my fate on its result! I was in a cold sweat before I realized it...
::'''A-Xing:''' This is the best divination, Ruoyue! Please accept this as a token of gratitude! I'll never be swayed by divination results again!
::----
::'''Ruoyue:''' ...I didn't expect things to turn out like this.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} His bad luck is really something else.
:::'''Ruoyue:''' Yep, in all my years in the business, I've never seen someone so unlucky... What a poor guy...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this a part of your plan?
:::'''Ruoyue:''' No, I think this is more likely a part of his "bad luck?"
::'''Ruoyue:''' He even gave me some money... but to be honest, I'd feel a bit awkward accepting it. Since we came up with the idea together, it seems fair to split it in half.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't accept the money.
:::'''Ruoyue:''' All right... then I'll consider it a favor I owe you.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 404025504,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:::'''Ruoyue:''' In the end, it's just a change in his attitude towards life. Maybe this result is even better than him getting a "Weal".
:::----
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then I'll gladly accept it.
:::'''Ruoyue:''' Don't be a stranger. You deserve it.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 404025504,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
:::'''Ruoyue:''' In the end, it's just a change in his attitude towards life. Maybe this result is even better than him getting a "Weal".
:::----
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Split it in half? Why don't you just give it all to me?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 404025507,
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "SubmitSuccess_404025504"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_414255099"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
