<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040008
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lingering Shadows]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Female Researcher Department of Cosmic Geography; Female Researcher of the Department of Implement Arts; Male Researcher of the Department of Implement Arts; Male Researcher of the Department of Insight; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*1; Hertareum*20
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvEnablePropDialogMode",
	"EnablePropCamera": false,
	"LockPlayerControl": false,
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 82
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 300002
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:The people in the conference room are so noisy that you can't even hear what anyone's saying.
:'''Male Researcher of the Department of Insight:''' The fact that everyone's still willing to meet up in such a dangerous place is a glowing endorsement for your department!
:'''Male Researcher of the Department of Insight:''' So? Your solution is in no way appropriate for our department! You've never even given a single thought to our concerns!
:'''Female Researcher of the Department of Implement Arts:''' Since you know so much, then do you have a plan that is suitable?
:'''Male Researcher of the Department of Implement Arts:''' We're already at "Version 12" of the plan...
:'''Male Researcher of the Department of Insight:''' Do you think that's my fault? Or are we supposed to ignore all of your previous poor suggestions!? What are we going to do about it now!?
:'''Female Researcher Department of Cosmic Geography:''' Egg custard? What do you need egg custard for?
:'''Male Researcher of the Department of Implement Arts:''' I'll revise that part in the next version... I'll definitely revise it...
:'''Female Researcher of the Department of Implement Arts:''' You know what I think? Endless revision and doing the same work over and over again is the biggest failure of the research process!
:'''Female Researcher Department of Cosmic Geography:''' What are you looking at me for? This revision business wasn't my idea.
:There's no need to keep listening to this debate go back and forth because the key "mediator" is missing. And you realize that the organizer of the meeting assumes this responsibility...
:<!--1.5-second delay-->
----
:"I think the Version 1 is quite satisfactory. You all can see very well for yourselves whether it meets all the current requirements."
:The argument abates and the correct answer is within grasp, but everyone seems to ignore it. It is precisely by grasping this blind spot that you're able to successfully crack it.
:The conference room draws quiet, and everyone present is roundly saved by {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Version 1}}. You also get to experience the pleasure of helping others.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
