<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040206
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040202--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Brave Cycrane; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Stargazer Navalia]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Stargazer Navalia
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*2; Strale*10; Recipe: Dust of Alacrity*1 { text = Recipe: Dust of Alacrity }
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' Step back! Human, this is not your battle!
----
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cycrane! Wake up!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not fixing another one of these, am I?
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' I'm sorry for the embarrassment you witnessed.
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' There're two things a cycrane can never do: The first is to break a promise. The second, is to let someone cry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I haven't cried yet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop saying things just to sound cool.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' I wanted to activate the Wrath Mode, but was knocked out by my own rage... I should study how to play it cool. If we continue to boil boiling water, it will eventually evaporate away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ziqiao sent me to get you back.
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' Ah, is that so. Madam Ziqiao needs my help... B&mdash;But I haven't found my real power yet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have to resolve your own path.
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' What's the point in having power if I can't even help out those in need?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What even is real power?
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' I can only keep getting stronger if I understand a reasoning to get stronger. And what does real power need? I believe, the answer to this can be found at my starting point &mdash; Heron Express.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So... You'll fly back to Heron Express and think things over?
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' There's no time left for my hesitations. Someone needs my help, so I should respond in kind.
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' Got it! I'm heading back to Heron Express!
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' Let me thank you again, my dear friend. Goodbye, and may our roads cross again someday. Until then &mdash; I'll look forward to it.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
