<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040345
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Stranger in a Strange Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Elegant Man; Exuberant Teenage Girl; Graceful Lady; Lester; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Graceful Lady:''' Mr. Lester, are you free tonight? I wish to invite you to...
:'''Lester:''' Apologies, beautiful lady. I've already made plans for tonight.
:'''Graceful Lady:''' Well then, how about tomorrow night...
:'''Exuberant Teenage Girl:''' He's busy tomorrow night too. Old lady, why don't you give it a rest? Mr. Lester doesn't like women like you. If you're lonely, why don't you try that mister? You two look like a good match.
:'''Elegant Man:''' Let's not involve others in our personal squabbles, shall we? This lady's impropriety is troubling indeed... How about a drink somewhere quieter, Mr. Lester?
:'''Lester:''' Apologies, I'm allergic to alcohol.
:'''Exuberant Teenage Girl:''' Hey, what did you say, mister? Who's the impolite one around here, I wonder?
:'''Lester:''' Everybody, please calm down...
:Just as this man named Lester is about to reach his wit's end, his communicator suddenly begins to ring.
:'''Lester:''' Hm... I see... Alright, I'll deal with it as soon as possible...
:'''Lester:''' Apologies, there are some things that I need to take care of at present.
:'''Exuberant Teenage Girl:''' But...
:'''Lester:''' I've had a great time talking to all of you. We'll meet again if destiny permits.
:'''Lester:''' Whew... They've all left. I must thank you for helping me out again, Claudia.
:'''Lester:''' You've boarded the ship as well? When did you... Alright. In that case, look after your second-eldest brother and try to find out more information from him.
:'''Lester:''' Not a problem. I've also bought the new Collector's Edition that you wanted. Right, thank you for your help...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
