<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040211
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Stars Spun, Prescience Sprung]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Immortal in a Vase; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Exalting Sanctum]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Exalting Sanctum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*2; Strale*10; Seed*1
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:You gaze down at the trash in your hands, then back at this relatively small vase. Can you really stuff this much trash into this vase?
:But it's not something for you to ponder over. After all, pedestrians in the Exalting Sanctum also can't imagine you running all over the place with bags of trash.
:You stuff one bag into the vase. It should drop down to the bottom, but you don't hear any sound. Then, you shove in the remaining trash. They disappear without a sound.
:'''Immortal in a Vase:''' This is... The hustle and bustle of the mortal realm... I didn't expect you to actually bring it.
:'''Immortal in a Vase:''' Mmm... very well. That's exactly what I wanted! Here's a gift for you. The gates to the celestial realm are open. Come and get it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Put your hand in.)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You won't bite me, right...?
::The Immortal in a Vase remains silent. The silence might be a prank, or it could simply be a predatory trap.
:You dip your left hand in as a precaution, keeping your dominant hand free to use a weapon, a toothbrush, or a fork in the future.
:You touch the bottom of the vase. The rubbish you dropped in is nowhere to be found, and there's nothing that might be the Immortal in a Vase. Then, you do feel something &mdash; it's the Immortal's "gift."
:<!--2-second delay-->
:You pull out your hand. The vase stands before you in silence.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
