<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4040249
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Jian Ming; Moribund Cycrane; Trailblazer; Yongren
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Alchemy Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Alchemy Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Strale*10; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 147,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 414249001
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Obtain {{Item|Yongren's Documentation|20|x=1}})
----
:'''Yongren:''' Wait, where is my contact? I... I definitely informed him about my arrival.
:'''Yongren:''' ...Could it be...?
:'''Yongren:''' No... Something is terribly wrong! Look, I was going to ask my colleague to keep you safe, but he's not where he's supposed to be. Something must have gone wrong with the "higher-ups"!
:'''Yongren:''' Just stay behind the boxes and don't come out... unless I tell you to. Don't do anything stupid. Are we clear?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, sure!
::'''Yongren:''' Just... don't do anything stupid!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. I can take care of myself.
::'''Yongren:''' Listen, you have no idea how ruthless they can be. Anyway, just listen to me and don't do anything stupid!
:'''Yongren:''' Stick with me!
:{{Black Screen|Yongren places himself in front of you to shield you from danger, then leads you to a hidden spot and tells you to hide there. Once you are sure of safety, only then you dare to turn to the side and observe Yongren closely...}}
:{{Black Screen|Yongren places himself in front of you to shield you from danger, then leads you to a hidden spot and tells you to hide there. Once you are sure of safety, only then you dare to turn to the side and observe Yongren closely...}}
:'''Yongren:''' No wonder Brother Cheng wasn't in his usual spot... It was you... You are the mole!
:'''Jian Ming:''' Calm down. You're saying I'm a mole, but aren't you undercover, too? Why so hostile against me when we're both moles?
:'''Yongren:''' No, I'm nothing like you. I've been a servant of justice.
:'''Jian Ming:''' It's funny how you folks from the Seat of Divine Foresight never seem to fit in with the more dicey crowd, yet all believe you fit in so well.
:'''Jian Ming:''' I've looked into your background. You're just a low-level Cloud Knight who has been undercover for years and doesn't even have an official file on record at the Seat of Divine Foresight. What makes you talk with such confidence?
:'''Yongren:''' Save your breath! I thought we were brothers, but you betrayed everyone... Can you face our fallen brothers and sisters who died at the hands of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus with a clear conscience?
:'''Jian Ming:''' As I said, let's calm down. We've known each other for years, and I'm here to talk about us collaborating. Just give me a chance.
:'''Yongren:''' What chance?
:'''Jian Ming:''' I didn't have a choice before. They threatened me, so I had to join the Cloud Knights as an undercover agent. But now, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have been exposed, so I want to take this chance to do the right thing...
:'''Yongren:''' Yeah, sure, you can tell that to the counselors at the Seat of Divine Foresight.
:'''Jian Ming:''' Come on, friend. Just give me a way out. Please.
:'''Yongren:''' I'm sorry, but I'm a Cloud Knight!
:'''Jian Ming:''' Hah! You don't even have official documents! Who'd believe that you're truly a Cloud Knight?
:'''Yongren:''' But I do. Brother Cheng has my documents...
:'''Jian Ming:''' This is where you're mistaken. His encrypted cycrane and jade abacus are now in my hands, along with your documents... Hehe!
:'''Yongren:''' You filthy traitor! I'll take you down today for the sake of the Cloud Knights!
:'''Jian Ming:''' Please. You think you're the only one trained in the Cloud Knights' martial arts here? I've pleaded with you for a chance to do the right thing, but if you won't listen, then I guess I'll have to...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Stop Jian Ming.)
----
:'''Jian Ming:''' Who are you?
:'''Yongren:''' You...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} General Jing Yuan sent me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm Jing Yuan. Behave yourselves!
::'''Jian Ming:''' Nonsense... but I have seen you walking alongside the master diviner, so I suppose you do have some status.
:'''Jian Ming:''' No wonder I've never met you before... In that case, brother Yong, I gotta get something off my chest that's been bothering me for years! This matter must be settled, one way or another!
:'''Jian Ming:''' Listen, I told you: I didn't have a choice. The Disciples threatened my family, so I had to join the Cloud Knights as their "mole."
:'''Jian Ming:''' But I never hurt my comrades. I even used the techniques from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus to save many knights. And you! I even taught you my pharmaceutical skills.
:'''Jian Ming:''' I knew you were a mole from the beginning. You really think you managed to evade their notice right under their noses with your incredible feats of "espionage," brother Yong? Come on, it's me who'd been covering for you! Your medical knowledge was terrible!
:'''Jian Ming:''' It's been ten years! They promised me I'd be free after ten years! But now ten years have passed, and they've asked for another ten! I'm done! I've had enough! I'd rather be a true Cloud Knight than a pawn for them!
:'''Jian Ming:''' Please, just give me a chance to do the right thing, Yong...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should give him a chance, Yong...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, you can tell that to the Seat of Divine Foresight...
:'''Yongren:''' This is ridiculous! You hurt Brother Cheng, and now you're asking me to show you mercy? Why didn't you show him any mercy!?
:'''Jian Ming:''' I didn't hurt him at all. I just "borrowed" his cycrane and jade abacus.
:'''Yongren:''' You think I'm a fool?
:'''Jian Ming:''' *sigh* You just won't believe me, will you? Alright, how about we make a deal? As you see, I have your official documents. You promise not to expose my identity as an undercover agent, and I'll give those documents back to you. Otherwise...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yongren's official documents? But I've already given them back to him.
::'''Jian Ming:''' What? You... Did that cycrane just... Wait, you're not really going to kill me, are you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Wait for Yongren to make his decision.)
::'''Yongren:''' Otherwise what? Would someone who wants to "do the right thing" use such underhanded methods?
::'''Jian Ming:''' Tsk, fine. I'll give back your documents. As I said, I just want to do the right thing. I got nothing to hide about that.
:'''Jian Ming:''' You know better than anyone what it's like to be a mole... I just don't want to live in fear anymore... I've sent in all the information I know about the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus and done my part...
:'''Jian Ming:''' In my report, I stated that it was you who provided the tip-offs. I suppose that means your mission is complete, and you'll be back in the Cloud Knights in no time.
:'''Jian Ming:''' As long as we keep it a secret... we'll both be fine. I'll have a chance to do the right thing, and you won't need to stay undercover any longer.
:'''Yongren:''' Alright, I promise you. But once I return, I'll verify Cheng's situation and the other details. If what you said is true, I'll keep your secrets to myself and nobody else. However, if...
:'''Jian Ming:''' Don't worry! What I said is the absolute truth! I never want to be a mole ever again!
:'''Yongren:''' And please keep this between us, (Trailblazer). I'm sorry for getting you involved in all this trouble with the Seat of Divine Foresight. Now, if you'll excuse us...
:{{Black Screen|You watch as Yongren and Jian Ming leave together. You find yourself wondering what they experienced together and why all of that happened.}}
:{{Black Screen|However, the originally unsolvable dilemma has changed thanks to your intervention. It was something that Yongren didn't expect.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
