<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4140111
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Final Showdown! Intergalactic Celebration!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Giovanni; Sampo; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Old Weapon Testing Ground]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Old Weapon Testing Ground
|prev          = Final Showdown! Intergalactic Celebration!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:This Memory Bubble suddenly appeared here, overflowing with iridescent light. You can't say why, but this one seems a little different to the others you've seen in the space station.
:As you approach the Memory Bubble, you feel a slight chill in the air, as two familiar figures surge into your mind...
----
;(Screen fades to black)
:'''Sampo:''' Who could have guessed, the final mystery player was Hook... Oh, I mean Pitch-Dark Hook the Great! Was this all part of your plan, too, Giovanni?
:'''Giovanni:''' Hahaha, how could it be? I much prefer the "Elation" of an ending that has come about naturally over a choreographed drama.
:'''Giovanni:''' Although, brother Sampo, as a fellow Masked Fool, I feel like you have never shared your own views of {{Rubi|aesthetics|Elation}}... Why is that?
:'''Sampo:''' Hmm, let me think how to explain without offending anyone... I'll put it this way: In our group, there are some who can't "read the room"... I won't mention them by name, of course.
:'''Sampo:''' ...I just don't like communicating with people like that, it's so dull! Everyone has their own way of pursuing Elation. Why must I waste my own energy sharing my sense of aesthetics with others? Heh...
:'''Sampo:''' A joke with too heavy a tone can bring trouble. As this trouble builds, what was once funny becomes... no longer fun. You understand what I mean, don't you?
:'''Giovanni:''' Hahaha, I understand. Now that you say it, "that" person seems to be heading to Penacony. Are you not planning to...?
:'''Sampo:''' Hah... If I could, I would never speak to her again...
:...
----
:As the voices become faded, the Memory Bubble bursts and the light dissipates before your eyes.
:Perhaps this Memory Bubble was left out for too long and has lost its vitality... Or perhaps, whoever left it here feels that you have already seen what is important...
:The mysteries seem to just be piling up, but one phrase rings true: "When talking to one who wears a mask, always keep your wits about you."
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 414011101,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
