<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4140119
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Critter Pick: Care]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Seclusion Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Seclusion Zone
|prev          = Critter Pick: Care
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*2; Hertareum*20; Credit*3,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:An insect passing by blocks your path. You notice a faint sound coming out from its mandibles...
:"Save me!" Is this insect asking for help? Obviously not. So, who could this be? You start to ponder deeply...
:The insect notices you!
:'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Uh, I'm feeling a little dizzy. Sorry... Are you the one who just saved me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe.
::'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' It's just you and me here. It has to be you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. I'm the one!
::'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Thank you, good-hearted stranger.
:'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' ...I feel sick.
:'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Er, I didn't mean I'm sick of you. I was stuck in that bug's stomach for ages and I still reek of gastric juices. So, so gross...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Were you gobbled up by an insect?
::'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Pretty much. But also not quite right, because that bug didn't even bother to chew me up before swallowing me down its belly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How'd you avoid getting digested?
::'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Well... I think it's something to do with the stuffing ingredients on my head. Basically, the monster seems to be slightly allergic to me and so it can't digest my skin.
:'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Dizzy... I'm so dizzy. I feel sick...
:'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Sorry, I'm filthy. I need to find a place to wash up. Here's a little something for you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Point out the way home for it)
:'''Ruan Mei's Pitiable Creation:''' Wow, I won't have to keep stumbling around! Thank you, {{MC|f=lovely miss|m=good sir}}.
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 999,
			"GroupID": 169,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 816203706
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 999,
			"GroupID": 170,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 816203805
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
