<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340105
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Oro; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
	"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
		"CharacterUniqueName": "Act434010502_G336N400001",
		"AreaName": {
			"Value": "LevelArea_P10301_F10301001_G336"
		},
		"AnchorName": {
			"Value": "Anchor3"
		},
		"ResetAnimation": true,
		"ResetCamera": true
	}
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>
:'''Oro:''' Friend, are you having a good time?
:'''Oro:''' Everyone here saw it, and the results are perfectly normal. For those who still doubt, you can come and play a round yourself. It's right here, anytime.
:'''Oro:''' Now, if you don't mind, I'll be taking my money. Hah, cheers!
:'''Oro:''' As for you, my friend... Here, this is your cut. You helped me out, no need to be polite.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Are you sure you didn't cheat?
::'''Oro:''' No way, even you suspect me? You used that machine yourself, you know better than anyone that there's nothing wrong with it!
::'''Oro:''' With these kinds of arcade games, it's not about skill or luck. Guess, what do you think is most important?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Speed?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Eyesight?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...A pure heart?
::'''Oro:''' ...It's cunning! It's only cheating if you get busted, remember? I've already taken my cash and you're still here being suspicious. I'm telling you, snitches get stitches!
::'''Oro:''' Be careful next time, I'll let it pass this one time. Remember to watch your mouth and keep your wits about you.
::'''Oro:''' I'm off! Take care of yourself!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you trying to prove your innocence?
::'''Oro:''' Huh? Because of certain very paranoid people. Without someone vouching for me, they'll definitely insist that I'm cheating.
::'''Oro:''' Plus, it's not a bad thing for people to see how amazing my skills are, right? If I get my name out there, maybe I can catch the attention of the big shots.
::'''Oro:''' I'll leave it at that. I'm off! Take care of yourself.
:'''Oro:''' I've cleared out all the machines 'round here, where to next...

;(Talk to Oro)
:'''Oro:''' ...Ahhh, it's you again. What are you looking at? You've never seen an injured person before? It's just a broken arm, nothing serious.
::'''Oro:''' I guess those Bloodhounds still have some humanity about them, at least they didn't kill me outright... Otherwise, I'd be just another pile of scrap metal lying about...
::'''Oro:''' Come, help me up. Ugh... My ankle is broken too. Man, this hurts, those bastards.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What happened?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Bloodhound Family did this?
::'''Oro:''' Who knows what's going on in their minds. The Family invited me to take part in a life-or-death gamble, but before it even started, someone messed up my hand! I can forget about pulling any of my special tricks, I don't think I could even hold the cards straight now.
::'''Oro:''' *sigh* They can't beat me in a game, so they resorted to underhanded tricks. I see this is the level of the masters of this beautiful dream, this world is really going to hell.
::'''Oro:''' My friend, look, we have run into each other many times, that means we are fated. Would you be willing to help me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What exactly do you need?
::'''Oro:''' The betting deadline is coming up, and even with this battered-up body, I have to take part. Before that...
::'''Oro:''' Take this. Don't worry, they're parts that fell off of my body, keep them in your pocket, and don't tell anyone.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will help you.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434010504,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:::{{Black Screen|You received a fragment from the "Ace Gambler" that shines with a metallic luster. It seems completely unremarkable, there is not much to be said about it. As you are a charitable and altruistic soul, you place the fragment into your pocket.}}
:::'''Oro:''' Take it as a lucky mascot, the finger of the Ace Gambler is very precious. Trust me, you can't go wrong.
:::'''Oro:''' If you are ever low on money, take it to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Ferdinand}} in the Golden Hour, he's a scrap parts dealer. He'll give you a good price when he sees this.
:::'''Oro:''' Alright, the last gamble is over there on that random-item machine, you must come and watch. I'll be waiting.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry... I don't want to be roped into this.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434010504,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
:::'''Oro:''' What? Are you that much of a coward? Ah, forget it, do what you want. I guess my demise is written in stone this time...
::'''Oro:''' If you've got nothing else to do 'round here then get going. There are a lot of patrols round here, we don't want you being seen. Take care of yourself.
:'''Oro:''' If you've got nothing else to do 'round here then get going. There are a lot of patrols round here, we don't want you being seen. Take care of yourself.

;(Obtain {{Item|Ace Gambler's Precious Part|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Ace Gambler's Discarded Part|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
