<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340124
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Rogues on the Run]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Hanya; Hunting; Patrolling Prison Guard; Suspect A; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[The Shackling Prison]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = The Shackling Prison
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Investigate
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190680
		}
	}
}</pre>
:An empty cell awaits you, much like an unoccupied kingdom awaits its ruler. It was once meant to confine the most notorious prisoner, yet it now stands vacant.
:This analogy doesn't quite fit for prisoners, but it's like a visit to the zoo &mdash; you eagerly anticipate seeing the star attraction in the prime viewing area, only to find it hidden and asleep beneath a boulder, leaving you nothing to see.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about observing for a little while longer?
::As a matter of fact, you already realize what would happen if you continue looking at it...
::Let's just give up. It's about time to go.
::'''???:''' (Trailblazer)?
::As you turn around, you're met by a prison guard you've never encountered before, but she effortlessly calls you by your name. Perhaps that's the trouble with being a celebrity.
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' (Trailblazer), why are you here? Aren't you supposed to be at the Domain of Collations supervising... their work?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Domain of Collations... what is that place?
:::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Weren't you there just now? I just came from the Domain of Collations...
:::I supervise... Ten-Lords Commission's work?
:::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Weren't you just rattling on about the lack of rigorous control over escape prevention in The Shackling Prison?
:::Have we... met before?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I supervise... Ten-Lords Commission's work?
:::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Weren't you just rattling on about the lack of rigorous control over escape prevention in The Shackling Prison?
:::Have we... met before?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have we... met before?
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' You must be kidding. We just met not long ago...
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Hold on! Now I get it. I just received a notification from the monitoring system that there was a security breach from the Shapeless Doot-Doot's cell. It seems that Doot-Doot has taken advantage of the chaos to escape.
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' In other words, either you or the one upstairs is the Shapeless Doot-Doot.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then what are you waiting for? Go and catch it!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't think... I'm Doot-Doot, do you?
::The prison guard's gaze shifts abruptly, assessing you with keen scrutiny.
::She's probably also having a hard time figuring out the appropriate tone with you &mdash; what if she's respectful to you, only to find that you're Doot-Doot in disguise? Conversely, what if she adopts a stern demeanor, only to discover you're the genuine (Trailblazer)?
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' ...I can't tell. You have to come with me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That is your problem...
:::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' If you refuse to come, I'll assume you're Doot-Doot. However, if you choose to join me upstairs, you'll have a chance to prove your identity &mdash; consider this not an invitation, but a demand.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go. I'm curious to find out who's upstairs!
:::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Yeah, let's go.
::{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's just give up. It's about time to go.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012401,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult"
}</pre>

;(Talk to Hunting)
:'''Hunting:''' Are you ready?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hurry. Let me ask my questions.
::'''Hunting:''' The Diting is already on their way. Let us begin.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think about it.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012404,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"Name": "OldValue_1",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:'''Hunting:''' Very well. You're now both granted the opportunity to pose a question to each other, and the respondent must provide an answer. Given that one of you is already lying, I will not expect honest responses to all the questions.
:'''Hunting:''' Therefore, I'll base my decisions solely on the questions presented and how the answers are given. Naturally, I won't reveal my decisions immediately. Let's begin with you, Suspect A. Pose your question.
:'''Suspect A:''' I am a crew member of the Astral Express, and only the Crew holds the answer to this question. The Ten-Lords Commission is welcome to verify the answer with Mr. Yang, Himeko, or Pom-Pom after {{MC|f=she|m=he}} has provided an answer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All your memories come from me.
::'''Suspect A:''' Are you trying to say you know everything that I know? Don't be too confident!
::...There are unknown secrets between us too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...There are unknown secrets between us too.
:'''Suspect A:''' Your Honor, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is guilty.
:'''Suspect A:''' My question is: You can find many lamps in the Parlor Car of the Astral Express. How many of them are floor lamps?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} 3.
::'''Suspect A:''' Incorrect! It's 4! Your Honor, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is a fake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} 4.
::'''Suspect A:''' That must be a lucky guess, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} 5.
::'''Suspect A:''' Incorrect! It's 4! Your Honor, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is a fake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} 6.
::'''Suspect A:''' Incorrect! It's 4! Your Honor, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is a fake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Skip.
::'''Suspect A:''' You can't skip the question! You're guilty, aren't you!? Your Honor, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is a fake.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think any normal being will remember such details...
::'''Suspect A:''' Shut up, Suspect B! Who are you calling abnormal?
::Any cheat you can do, I can do better. You're going to lose.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Any cheat you can do, I can do better. You're going to lose.
:'''Suspect A:''' Shut up, Suspect B! How dare you call yourself the Nameless on Astral Express when all you can do is cheat?
:'''Hunting:''' Now's your turn to ask a question, Suspect B.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How many small round tables are there in the Parlor Car?
::'''Suspect A:''' 2 small round tables. The real crew member of the Astral Express will certainly know this.
::Do you know Dr. Primitive loves to eat bananas?
::'''Suspect A:''' Of course, I know...? What kind of question is that?
::Do you know I hit my hard guarantee the last time I gacha'ed?
::'''Suspect A:''' Even if I can answer that question, what can it prove?
::Among Xueyi, Hanya, and Huohuo, who likes me the most?
::'''Suspect A:''' I only know all three of them like me a lot.
::What is the number at the 100th decimal place for π?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know Dr. Primitive loves to eat bananas?
::'''Suspect A:''' Of course, I know...? What kind of question is that?
::Do you know I hit my hard guarantee the last time I gacha'ed?
::'''Suspect A:''' Even if I can answer that question, what can it prove?
::Among Xueyi, Hanya, and Huohuo, who likes me the most?
::'''Suspect A:''' I only know all three of them like me a lot.
::What is the number at the 100th decimal place for π?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know I hit my hard guarantee the last time I gacha'ed?
::'''Suspect A:''' Even if I can answer that question, what can it prove?
::Among Xueyi, Hanya, and Huohuo, who likes me the most?
::'''Suspect A:''' I only know all three of them like me a lot.
::What is the number at the 100th decimal place for π?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Among Xueyi, Hanya, and Huohuo, who likes me the most?
::'''Suspect A:''' I only know all three of them like me a lot.
::What is the number at the 100th decimal place for π?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is the number at the 100th decimal place for π?
:'''Suspect A:''' It's 9... Wait, did I miss something? Why the surprised look?
:'''Hunting:''' All right. I already know the answer.
:'''Hunting:''' Wraith Warden! Arrest Suspect A immediately!
:'''Suspect A:''' WHAT!?
:Two Wraith Wardens leap out from the shadows of the Domain of Collations and apprehend Shapeless Doot-Doot in an instant.
:'''Hunting:''' Sorry that you had to go through all these hassles, (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Critical hit! How did you know?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hahaha, actually, I was the fake.
::'''Hunting:''' It's not too late to order your arrest.
:'''Hunting:''' Rather than listening to your conversation, I'm more interested in observing your actions and expressions when facing unexpected questions. It's evident that Suspect A is more anxious than you.
:'''Suspect A:''' I am not convinced! Why hasn't the Diting spoken? I want to hear what the Diting has to say!
:'''Hanya:''' I thought I would be required to handle this matter. Seems unnecessary now... Good job, Hunting.
:'''Hanya:''' In fact, there's an easier method to see which of you is real &mdash; wouldn't it be simpler for the two of you to fight? The one who survives will be eligible to be (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So I still need to fight after all it's said and done.
::'''Hanya:''' Not necessary. See how panicked that one is. It does not have the capability to battle.
::I don't want to damage that charming face.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to damage that charming face.
:'''Hanya:''' ...
:'''Hanya:''' Don't worry. See how panicked that one is? It does not have the capability to battle with you.
:'''Hanya:''' Shapeless Doot-Doot, will you admit guilt? Or do we have to get the Diting to verify your identity?
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Patrolling Prison Guard)
:'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Now that escaped prisoner, Shapeless Doot-Doot, has been sent behind bars, it won't be able to escape again anytime soon. (Trailblazer), please forgive me for being rude to you before.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's fine. It's good that you are doing your job.
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Thank you for your understanding.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Keep your eyes peeled next time...
::'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' I will definitely take what happened today as an important lesson.
:'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' In fact, even before encountering (Trailblazer), Doot-Doot had been pretending to be you, fervently insisting that the biometrics recognition system for entering and exiting The Shackling Prison should be deactivated...
:'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' Now that I think about it, it seems Doot-Doot was scheming an escape from The Shackling Prison. Thankfully, your timely arrival helped foil its ploy. The thought of Doot-Doot escaping is alarming indeed. On behalf of the Ten-Lords Commission, I extend my gratitude to you.
:'''Patrolling Prison Guard:''' If you wish to know more about Shapeless Doot-Doot, you're welcome to visit its cell. Rest assured, we've taken measures to ensure it won't escape again.

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
