<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340126
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Rogues on the Run]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Intellitron Tourist; Pepeshi Tourist; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[The Shackling Prison]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = The Shackling Prison
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(If {{F|MissionCV-2022002-2}} is equal to 1)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012601,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3,
			4
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
;(If {{F|MissionCV-2022002-2}} is not equal to 1)
:;(Return to previous option selection)

:{{DIcon|?}} Listen
:'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' Don't worry, we're not here to take revenge. After all, this is a prison, and the Wraith Wardens are all watching us. Also, we're obviously not a match for you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, at the end of the day, you still want to get back at me?
:::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' Even though we're not a match for you, it's only natural for us to have such thoughts.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, did you really climb the Ambrosial Arbor?
:::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' Why don't you make a guess as to why we're in the Shackling Prison?
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' Even though your pink-haired companion warned us, we could not suppress our curiosity.
::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' We were looking around the Alchemy Commission to find someone to ask how we could climb the Ambrosial Arbor. However, we didn't expect the little kid that we asked was from the Ten-Lords Commission.
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' Danger really lurks in every corner of the Xianzhou Luofu.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you need me to explain things for you?
:::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' Oh, that won't be necessary. It seems like they have verified that we're not Elixir Seekers and have decided to let us go.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you didn't get to climb the Ambrosial Arbor in the end?
:::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' We're not omnipotent. The Ambrosial Arbor was sealed by the Vidyadhara. There was no way we could even get close to it.
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' However, we can't say that nothing good came from our trip to the Shackling Prison. The Shackling Prison is such a suitable place for developing Dreamscape material!
::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' That's right, although the people from the Ten-Lords Commission said that they'll erase the part of my memory related to the layout and structure of the Shackling Prison...
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' Although it wasn't your intention, you have given our artistic careers a new lease of life. I am willing to address you as our artistic parent.
::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' The script is almost ready. The story will be about a borisin banker who was wrongfully imprisoned and his journey of self-salvation within the prison. In the end, he regained his freedom by escaping from the prison and managed to prove his own innocence.
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' Penaconians love this sort of rags-to-riches story! Heh heh.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't let the Ten-Lords Commission find out.
:::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' Thanks for your timely reminder... I almost went to discuss with them about organizing a pilgrimage here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why does this plot sound so familiar...
:::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' Good scripts often have high degrees of artistic commonality. I have decided to call this film "The Shackling Prison Redemption."
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' We still have some paperwork to complete before we can leave this place. For the remainder of our time on the Xianzhou, we plan to spend our time searching for inspiration.
::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' Goodbye.
:'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' We still have some paperwork to complete before we can leave this place.
::'''Intellitron Tourist:''' I'll never think about climbing the Ambrosial Arbor ever again.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDistrictSetupTrigger",
	"GroupID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 200
		}
	},
	"DistrictID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	},
	"DisableAfterTrigger": true,
	"TickInterval": 0.1,
	"OnEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerGroupEvent",
			"EventName": {
				"Value": "TriggerPerformance_434012601"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; TriggerPerformance_434012601)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>
::{{tx}}
::'''Pepeshi Tourist:''' P&mdash;Please wait a moment! That {{MC|f=young lady|m=young gentleman}} over there!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you talking to me?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012602,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't think I hear anything...
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012602,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
