<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340139
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Conclusion]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Shush"; Echoes of Cerebral Folds; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Conclusion
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to "Shush")
:'''"Shush":''' Dear Trailblazer, Psychotherapist Shush is at your service.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You! How!?
::'''"Shush":''' No need to be surprised, dear passenger (Trailblazer). "Passengers' physical and mental health care-giver" was originally designed as my prime priority.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm doubting your professionalism...
::'''"Shush":''' Don't worry. I've completed the psychotherapy courses through self-study in my spare time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't wait to take the psychological assessment!
::'''"Shush":''' Wait a moment. The psychological assessment will begin soon!
:'''"Shush":''' Before we start, would you like a dessert, a drink, or a joke?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give me something to drink.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give me something to eat.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me a joke.
:'''"Shush":''' Haha, sorry, but I can't offer any of those today. The joy they bring will affect the accuracy of the assessment results and conceal issues that are already hard to detect.
:'''"Shush":''' I had three options for you &mdash; Rapid-Fire Questions, Fashion Quiz, or Brainwave Scan.
:'''"Shush":''' May I ask: Which one would you like to start with?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go with Rapid-Fire Questions.
::'''"Shush":''' The unreachable constellations of astrology have long been in close vicinity to us, but the attraction of questions and quizzes never fades. Congratulations! You've selected a very traditional yet classic assessment.
::'''"Shush":''' Are you ready to listen to the following questions?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You bet!
:::'''"Shush":''' Please listen to the question: Let's picture a situation where you have a glass half-filled with water in front of you.
:::'''"Shush":''' How would you describe it?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The glass is half full.
::::'''"Shush":''' Congratulations, you are a Hot-Blooded Trailblazer! No matter what kind of difficulties you may face, you will march forward!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The glass is half empty...
::::'''"Shush":''' You are a bit of a Pessimistic Trailblazer. But don't worry. That gives you an important quality, which is the foresight to prepare for challenges ahead while trailblazing.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I was a little distracted. What was the question again?
::::'''"Shush":''' Sorry, you are an Apologetic Trailblazer.
::::'''"Shush":''' I love that line from a certain Galaxy Ranger: "If apologies worked, there'd be no fudging need for Galaxy Rangers."
::::'''"Shush":''' Remember to listen to the question next time. Sorry.
:::'''"Shush":''' It seems that the traditional method still has its charms. It always reflects a person's heart in the simplest way.
::{{DIcon|Return}} I've changed my mind...
:::'''"Shush":''' Of course, you can take whichever assessment you like, or retake the assessment. Psychotherapist Shush will always be at your service.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go with Fashion Quiz.
::'''"Shush":''' The so-called Fashion Quiz is a psychological assessment that evaluates participants' inner landscape based on their tastes in outfits.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You bet!
:::'''"Shush":''' Now, please answer: Which of the following fashion looks suits you best without taking into consideration any other factors?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ByHeroGender",
	"Gender": "GENDER_MAN"
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A royal-court-style black dress.
::::'''"Shush":''' Your preference has been recorded.
::::'''(Trailblazer):''' So what does that mean?
::::'''"Shush":''' It means you like black.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A Xianzhou-style red dual-pleated skirt.
::::'''"Shush":''' Your preference has been recorded.
::::'''(Trailblazer):''' So what does that mean?
::::'''"Shush":''' It means you like red.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} None of them are my style!
::::'''"Shush":''' It seems that you don't like black or red.
::::'''(Trailblazer):''' Is it a matter of color!?
::::'''"Shush":''' Your dissatisfaction has been documented &mdash; more selectable colors will be added in the future.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is not a psychological assessment at all!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not about color at all!
:::'''"Shush":''' Please don't mind the details. At least I've gained a deeper understanding of you.
::{{DIcon|Return}} I've changed my mind...
:::'''"Shush":''' Of course, you can take whichever assessment you like, or retake the assessment. Psychotherapist Shush will always be at your service.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Try the Brainwave Scan.
::'''"Shush":''' Wow. Passionate about trying new stuff. It seems that you're true to the title of Trailblazer.
::'''"Shush":''' I will emit a trace amount of electronic wavelengths to scan your brain, receiving and detecting the echoes it sends out. There may be hallucinations during the process, but please believe me, it's harmless.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bring it on!
:::'''"Shush":''' Now, I'm going to start the scan &mdash;
::;(Screen fades to black)
:::'''"Shush":''' Hey hey hey, passenger (Trailblazer), can you hear me?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go with the flow...
:::;(Screen fades to black)
::::'''Echoes of Cerebral Folds:''' Hey hey hey, passenger (Trailblazer), can you hear me?
::::'''"Shush":''' Oh? There's an echo. Looks like the Brainwave Scan was successful!
::::'''Echoes of Cerebral Folds:''' Oh? There's an echo. Looks like the Brainwave Scan was successful!
::::'''"Shush":''' It doesn't seem to be that successful... Is it possible that the steps in "You Can Become a Master Psychotherapist &mdash; 100 Open Classes" are wrong?
::::'''Echoes of Cerebral Folds:''' It doesn't seem to be that successful... Is it possible that...
::::Before the echo ends, the sensation of tingling subsides. Your vision is restored.
::::'''"Shush":''' Dear Nameless, I'm sorry, but it seems that Brainwave Scan is still an unstable technology.
::::'''(Trailblazer):''' It seems that Brainwave Scan is still an unstable technology.
::::'''"Shush":''' Oh no, did it leave behind the after-effect of "repetition"?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Resist the tingling.
:::;(Screen fades to black)
::::You are the master of your body! You use your willpower to resist the tingling until it subsides.
::::'''Echoes of Cerebral Folds:''' ...
::::'''"Shush":''' Hmm? This shouldn't be the case.
::::'''Echoes of Cerebral Folds:''' ...
::::'''"Shush":''' Is it possible that the steps in "You Can Become a Master Psychotherapist &mdash; 100 Open Classes" are wrong?
::::'''Echoes of Cerebral Folds:''' ...
::::The sensation of tingling suddenly stops, and your vision resumes.
::::'''"Shush":''' Dear Nameless, I'm sorry, but it seems that Brainwave Scan is still an unstable technology.
::::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...
::::'''"Shush":''' Oh, dear Nameless, you're so charming when you're silent.
:::'''"Shush":''' This assessment didn't go well... But we should always give new technology some tolerance and time, shouldn't we?
::{{DIcon|Return}} I don't believe that to be the case...
:::'''"Shush":''' Of course, you can take whichever assessment you like, or retake the assessment. Psychotherapist Shush will always be at your service.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Until next time.
::'''"Shush":''' Your physical and mental health is always my primary priority. You are always welcome here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
