<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Tales from the Golden Age]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bantering Lady; Bantering Man; Bantering Pepeshi; Knocked-down Intellitron; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*2; Credit*3,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Knocked-down Intellitron
:'''Bantering Pepeshi:''' Tsk tsk, what a sight... Thank goodness Intellitrons are thick-skinned and meaty. They'd be a goner if it were a normal person.
::'''Bantering Man:''' Intellitrons are not organic life at all. How can you call them tough-skinned and meaty &mdash; they're made of steel.
::'''Bantering Lady:''' That car looks quite expensive. I wonder what happened to the people in it...
::'''Bantering Pepeshi:''' Ha, if the person driving somehow got knocked awake, they'd probably be steaming mad in the Dreampool.
::'''Bantering Man:''' That's hilarious &mdash; but in Penacony, it's totally normal.
::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' This limo nearly broke the glue seal on my outer shell.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you all good?
:::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' Nothing good about it. This shell of mine is hand-polished, but now it's all dinged up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened here?
:::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' Can't you tell? I got hit by a car! My poor hand-polished shell... It's all scratched up.
::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' I was just walking along the street as per normal when that car suddenly drove halfway across the lane to hit me &mdash;Who knows whether this was a hate crime targeting silicon-based lifeforms!
::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' If he can't make a satisfactory settlement, then he'll never hear the end of this from me!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wouldn't that be too harsh?
:::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' What's so harsh about that? If you can afford to drive that kind of car in Penacony, then money is just a number to you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're right. He should pay you compensation.
:::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' Looks like you've got a good head on your shoulders. If you can afford to drive that kind of car in Penacony, then money is just a number to you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain silent)
:::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' I know these guys all too well. If you can afford to drive that kind of car in Penacony, then money is just a number to you.
::'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' Since they can bring their money from outside into the Dreamscape, then don't blame me for taking their money from their pockets back to the outside.
::{{tx}}
:'''Knocked-down Intellitron:''' If this guy can't explain himself, we'll have a problem!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
