<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340134
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Battles Without Ninja and Humanity]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Charmony Academy Lecturer; Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer; Familiar Pepeshi; Fortune Academy Lecturer; Neighboring Origami Bird?; Neighboring Pepeshi; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Penacony Paperfold University College]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Penacony Paperfold University College
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*3; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Fortune Academy Lecturer)
----
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' Hello, your related information isn't on the attendance list of this lecture. Please review your lesson plan and avoid the wrong classroom.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to evaluate the teaching quality.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Am I not allowed to be hardworking?
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' ...Apologies, we have verified your status as a guest student from the Astral Express.
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' Hello, (Trailblazer). Today's lesson schedule for this classroom is as such: Fortune Academy's "Basic Financial Principles," Dreamweaver Academy's "Architectural Sketching Basics," and Charmony Academy's "Composition Theory for Beginners."
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' Please confirm if the above are the lessons you wish to audit.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. I want to attend these lessons!
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Sorry, I have the wrong room.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013401,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": []
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001,
		400002,
		400003,
		400004
	]
}</pre>
----
:You focus your gaze on the lectern, listening intently like a voracious learner, as if you are a traveler who stumbles upon an oasis in the desert, greedily gulping every drop of knowledge.
:A pity though, no matter how tenacious your will is, there are limits to your mind...
:You are confused by the exact meanings of the drawings &mdash; they only make you think of Topaz, and then Numby, and then a myriad of big and small chests... When you're done daydreaming all over Penacony, the lesson has passed its halfway mark.
:"Who am I, where am I, what should I eat today" &mdash; just as your baffled little brain starts to ruminate on the ultimate questions of life, the lecturer suddenly spins around, both his hands slamming down hard on the lectern.
:'''???:''' Ssss... It's coming!
:You are utterly taken aback: Were you noticed? Do Intellitrons really possess the power to read thoughts!?
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' Now for roll call &mdash; William Wilson!
:'''Familiar Pepeshi:''' Here!
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' Ligeia!
:'''Familiar Pepeshi:''' Hereeee~
:'''Fortune Academy Lecturer:''' Roderick Usher!
:'''Familiar Pepeshi:''' I'm here...
:Flabbergasted, you stare at the lively Pepeshi. As if he is a groundhog, he's popping his head up from various empty seats, skillfully answering the roll call in completely different tones and voices.
:The surrounding students seem to be used to this scene, and the roll calling teacher's head doesn't even look up.
:Even till the roll call ends, you're still staring wide-eyed as the groundhog... Pepeshi appears from under a seat beside you, climbs into the chair, and lets out a long sigh.
:'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Phew... It's like fighting a war every time. As expected, the money is hard, the lessons are perplexing, the seniors aren't wrong... you know?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So it wasn't performance art?
::'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Bah, performance art is something that just costs you money. This is legitimate business. Care to learn more about the Fortune Academy Service Package?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can make money by helping others take attendance?
::'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Ha, straight to the point, I knew you were a sharp one. Care to learn more about the Fortune Academy Service Package?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're truly omnipotent!
::'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Heh-heh, flattering will not get you trade secrets, you know? But if you're truly interested, care to learn more about the Fortune Academy Service Package?
:'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' I don't only take attendance for others, I also sell lecture notes for each class. I even help do assignments, signature services for the academy's rep, and much more... Everything can be negotiated for the right price.
:'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Come, come, I have plenty of package offers. The more you buy, the bigger the discounts. Care to learn more in detail...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me, I'm the one deciding anyway.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then you probably shouldn't.
:'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' ...Actually, I felt an instant connection when I saw you. Since it's fate that we are desk mates, can we take a photograph together, then give me an autograph?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not a problem!
::'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Thank you, boss! Uh... I mean, I'm very grateful. I'll treasure it well!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think we should forget it...
::'''Neighboring Pepeshi:''' Don't be so modest. It's fate that brought us together, so, to commemorate our meeting, let's take a photo together!
:Just like that, today's first lesson meets a satisfactory end with the lecturer's announcement of a class quiz for the next session along with the students' collective sighs.
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer)
----
:'''Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer:''' I heard the Fortune Academy lecturer say that you were just sitting in? The lesson is about to start. Hurry up and find a seat.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thanks for the reminder. I'm going now.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need to use the bathroom, teach!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013401,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": []
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001,
		400002,
		400003,
		400004,
		400005
	]
}</pre>
----
:Economics requires a certain level of basic understanding, so it's normal to not understand. But surely drawing's not a huge challenge for you? It's just copying...
:All right, you vastly overestimated your own abilities. You understand the drawing on the blackboard, but what's a "positioning axis"? Or an "elevation symbol"? And what's an "outlet line"?
:The harder you stare at the board, the more the lines start to blur before your eyes &mdash; don't ask why people still get tired in a dream. It's probably because of the power of knowledge.
:You turn to the seat beside you, hoping to return to consciousness with some friendly banter, only to see the side profile of your Intellitron classmate entrenched in deep concentration. This one has his head drooped, tracing streaks of afterimages with the intense swishing of his pen on his notebook.
:You suddenly sense an almost-sacred atmosphere &mdash; this one is so devout, so respectful of knowledge, so much so that the mere notion of your offending disruption would be a sin.
:'''Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer:''' (Trailblazer), would you like to repeat where I just left off?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're asking me, but who can I ask?
::'''Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer:''' ...Good answer. You're dismissed for the next class. Watch your behavior, and stop looking around during class.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know. It's C!
::'''Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer:''' Who said anything about multiple choice? Ahem, watch your behavior, and stop looking around during class.
:'''Dreamweaver Academy Lecturer:''' Forget it. That Intellitron fella beside you, you answer.
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Charmony Academy Lecturer)
----
:'''Charmony Academy Lecturer:''' Ah, you're that (Trailblazer), right? Glad to meet you in person, and I hope you enjoy my class!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm starting to like it!
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I still want to go to the bathroom...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013401,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 2,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": []
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>

----
:Who are you? You are a good friend of the superstar singer Robin's, a loyal listener of the Express' phonograph. Would composing a mere melody be any challenge to you?
:All right, it really is a challenge... Honestly, two classes have come and gone &mdash; you should already have learned how to be smart, right? Why not take a gander at your neighbor instead? You might have another great conversation...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...?
:'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweeeet, tweet tweet?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did you say? I don't understand...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let out a really cool sounding *hmph*.
:'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweet tweet... Tweeeeeet.
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190702
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:Who are you? You are a good friend of the superstar singer Robin's, a loyal listener of the Express' phonograph. Would composing a mere melody be any challenge to you?
:All right, it really is a challenge... Honestly, two classes have come and gone &mdash; you should already have learned how to be smart, right? Why not take a gander at your neighbor instead? You might have another great conversation...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...?
:'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweeeet, tweet tweet?
:What did you say? I don't understand...
:Of course, as that Chosen Nameless, you've always enjoyed perks before Origami Birds, but this does not hinder the fact that you completely don't understand what this bird is trying to communicate.
:Let out a really cool sounding *hmph*.
:The moment it makes a sound, you clearly see a glint in the Origami Bird's eyes.
:'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweet tweet... Tweeeeeet.
:You can never awaken someone who's pretending to be sleeping. Similarly, the Synesthesia Beacon will never be able to translate a bright "tweet." But it's still too early to give up. Perhaps you can find a translation...
:You look around, but apart from you and that lecturer, no one else around the classroom is a normal... person.
:Forget it. You're tired. Maybe people will never be able to understand each other. Maybe you never belonged in this class in the first place...
:A paper ball falls on your desk with a soft thud.
:Oh, you know this move &mdash; an essential tool for clandestine comms in class! Your classroom experience is becoming much more fruitful now...
:That's right. Shouldn't one be carefree and unfettered in a dream? You're not the one who is incapable of fitting in. It's those blasted habitual thoughts of yours. You decide to join your classmate...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Roleplay as Clockie.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Heyyy tick-tock! My friend, Clockie is here!
::'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweet!
::'''Charmony Academy Lecturer:''' Your performance is impeccable, (Trailblazer). But please keep it down and not disrupt the class for others.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Roleplay as Brother Hanu.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Hmph.
::'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweet tweet!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Roleplay as an Origami Bird.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Tweet tweet!
::'''Neighboring Origami Bird?:''' Tweet tweeeet, tweet!
:Indeed, people can still understand one another eventually, and this class still has a place for you!
:{{tx}}
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 434013407,
	"MessageSectionID": 1311800,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
