<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340142
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Introduction]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Introduction
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Sleep
;(If {{F|Progress_PartyTrainGlobal}} is equal to 100)
;(If {{F|Progress_PartyTrainGlobal}} is not equal to 100)
:A philosopher once said, "You need to stay awake all day to sleep all night." A poet once wrote, "Lying down late after the lamp is out, sleeping soundly amid the sound of rain."
:These two lines have nothing to do with what's coming next... Why are we talking about this?
:Anyway, after a day's hard work, there's no greater relief than going back to your room for a good sleep. Throwing yourself onto your bed with no alarm clock and no worries about oversleeping &mdash; ah, how happy it is.
:The warm, cozy bed in front of you beckons like an obvious trap. Perhaps you should follow your heart, lie down, and get a good sleep.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Lie in bed)
::Soft mattress, warm quilt. As soon as your head hits the cloud-like pillow, sleepiness comes in waves.
::Turn off the light and have a good sleep.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Turn off the light)
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434014203,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:::It's as if the instincts lurking in your mammalian genes awakened in the darkness. This is your "lair" &mdash; warm, dark, and safe, where no one can harm you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't. I'm terrified of the dark.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_LightOff"
	},
	"Value": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
::So, how long are you going to sleep?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A little while.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' What a nice sleep~ Got enough strength to fool around again!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sleep as long as I can.
::;(Screen fades to black)
:::You look exhausted. Please have a good rest. No one will disturb you.
:::{{A|VO vo ambient wX v270 broadcast player 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient wX v270 broadcast player 108 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Goodnight, Astral Express.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434014202,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 3,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} As long as possible.
::;(Screen fades to black)
:::{{A|VO vo ambient wX v270 broadcast player 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient wX v270 broadcast player 108 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Goodnight, Astral Express.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Here we go again, "Trailblaze sleepwalking"! What on earth is the science behind this?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 2
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm so sleepy! I'm going to sleep until the heat death of the universe!
::;(Screen fades to black)
:::No problem. You will sleep until the heat death of the universe as desired.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Goodnight, Astral Express.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ReturnToLoginPage",
	"WaitTalkMissionKey": "Mission_434014201"
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} It's not the time to sleep now!
::Oh, well. But remember not to exhaust yourself. Your health is the prerequisite for trailblazing.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Hmm? Where the heck am I? Is it still the Astral Express?
:{{Rubi| Medical study shows |Note: There is no such study.}} that sleeping too long can lead to sleepwalking.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would I sleepwalk that far?
::That's why you deserve the title of Trailblazer!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't make up medical knowledge. It's misleading.
::Sorry, it was a mistake that all narrators make.
:In short, please note you may find yourself in strange places after waking up if you are asleep so long~
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
