<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340119
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Gentleness, the Name of Nocturne]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bloodhound Family Member; Lonely Intellitron Guest; Mysterious Dreamchaser; Trailblazer; Vexed Pepeshi Guest
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*2; Hope Is the Thing With Feathers (Disk)*1 { text = ''Hope Is the Thing With Feathers'' }; "Sway to My Beat in Cosmos"*1 { text = "Sway to My Beat in Cosmos" }; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetupButtonListTrigger",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	},
	"TriggerName": "MissionTrigger",
	"ButtonsByName": [],
	"ButtonConfigs": [
		{
			"ID": "Press01",
			"IconType": "SecretMissionIcon",
			"ButtonText": {
				"Value": "PropInteractTitle_12"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
:'''Mysterious Dreamchaser:''' ...This is enough, please. Get your payments ready, everyone. I'll get the wares for you to inspect.
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' I never thought I'd end up paying an arm and a leg to a scalper for it.
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' Fam, keep an open mind. This is all for Miss Robin.
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' *sigh*
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' *sigh*
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} *sigh*
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's no shame in paying for your passion.
:'''Mysterious Dreamchaser:''' The bold get first dibs on everything. Don't wait until your passion wanes and regret sets in. Have you got all your credits ready, then? Here you go...
:'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Ahem, misusing your position as the collaborating warehouse manager of the record company to stockpile albums, manipulate markets, and conduct illegal sales... You've been caught red-handed.
:'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' And you lot: You all knew it was illegal, but still aided and abetted a criminal. Should I punish you, too?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We, too, are victims here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Are you trying to bait us?
:'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' I'll let you be for now and we'll settle things once the scalping syndicate members have all been locked up. Freeze. Don't run...!
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' ...
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' ...
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' That's it, then. There's absolutely no way to score Miss Robin's new album.
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' Those darn Bloodhounds would pick a time like this to make a raid... They can just wait until we've grabbed the album and collar us then!
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' Tsk, check it out... That scalper dropped his bag on the ground...
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' Don't tell me that we're going to find inside...
:Your gut feeling is right, and there are three copies of Miss Robin's new album inside the bag.
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' Whoa!
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' Whoa!
:'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' There are... three of us?
:'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' Everything worked out just fine in the end.
:Now, it's time to test your mettle. You can sneak off with your album and pretend that nothing happened &mdash; or, you can return the missing item back where it belongs.
:You decide to...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...to sneak off with it.
::Alright. You sure are a big fan of Miss Robin. Just like before &mdash; there's no shame in making a sacrifice for your passion. And so, you take your decisive action...
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Ahem. We haven't left yet.
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' ...You're under arrest! What are you gonna do about it? Caught once more with your hand in the cookie jar &mdash; is this the caliber of Miss Robin's fans?
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Whatever, I can tell that you're truly passionate about her. If you really want it, I suppose I could let you have it &mdash; but you'll have to pay the market price. We'll pass on the funds to the Iris Family and consider the bill paid.
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' I'll only ask this once: Would you like to buy it?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_ConsumeItem",
	"SubmissionID": 434011906,
	"SimpleTalk": {},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
			"SubmissionID": 434011902,
			"MissionCustomValue": {
				"Index": 1,
				"Name": "OldValue_1",
				"ValidValueParamList": [
					1,
					2
				]
			},
			"CustomValue": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 434027136,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ALL_TALK_END"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayFullScreenTransfer",
			"Action": [
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ScrTrfActPerformanceGroup",
					"AdvCreateGroupEntity": {
						"InstanceIDList": []
					},
					"AdvDestroyGroupEntity": {
						"InstanceIDList": [
							400004,
							400005
						]
					},
					"CaptureNpc": [],
					"SwitchCharacterAnchor": {},
					"ActiveVirtualCamera": {
						"AreaName": "LevelArea_P10301_F10301001_G512",
						"AnchorName": "Anchor5"
					},
					"ActiveTemplateVirtualCamera": {},
					"AdvNpcFaceToPlayer": {
						"SteerImmediately": true,
						"FinishImmadiate": true
					}
				},
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ScrTrfActTaskList",
					"TaskList": [
						{
							"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
							"CustomString": {
								"Value": "OptionTalk_434027129"
							}
						}
					]
				}
			]
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give it back to the Bloodhound Family.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434011902,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"Name": "OldValue_1",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
::Yes, now that's more like it. You've always been a good law-abiding citizen even if you're sometimes misled, and you won't be making any more mistakes. If only... if only you could find those Bloodhound Family members from just before.
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Hmph, we lost him.
::'''Vexed Pepeshi Guest:''' Huh?
::'''Lonely Intellitron Guest:''' What? No way!
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Thank you! We'd have utterly shamed the Bloodhound lineage if we went back empty-handed.
::'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' That's right &mdash; you're a fan of Miss Robin, aren't you? Take this album of hers as a little reward. We'll explain everything to the Iris Family. I'm sure they won't be tight-fisted about this.
::Looks like your good deed has paid off.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' I heard there's a Dreamchaser around here scalping the ''INSIDE'' album. Do you know where?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Right this way, captain!
:'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Great. I'll call for more back up. You keep stringing that Dreamchaser along, and don't let him sneak off.
:'''Bloodhound Family Member:''' Whosoever dares sully the name of Miss Robin, we shall brook them no quarter!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
