<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340127
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Rogues on the Run]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Shiratori; Sneaky Cycrane; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[The Shackling Prison]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = The Shackling Prison
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*3; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Sneaky Cycrane)
:'''Sneaky Cycrane:''' You're alone, right? Did anyone follow you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...No idea. I only see myself here.
:::'''Sneaky Cycrane:''' That's good. What I'm about to say next is meant for you and you alone.
:::'''Shiratori:''' First, let me introduce myself. You can call me Shiratori.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you breaking the law? I'll go get a prison guard right now!
:::'''Sneaky Cycrane:''' Hold on! Calm down. You don't have to be such a "law-abiding citizen"! Let me explain. I'm the Chief Logistics Officer of the Arma Correctional Group and my actual body is currently locked up in jail. You don't have to worry!
:::'''Sneaky Cycrane:''' First, let me introduce myself. You can call me Shiratori.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shiratori? Have we met somewhere?
:::'''Shiratori:''' Oh, I recognize you now! Thanks for helping me out the other time. Well, it all makes sense now. Nobody else would be sauntering around the Shackling Prison so casually.
::'''Shiratori:''' You must have a lot of questions. Ask me whatever you want, but listen, when you're done, I... I hope you can lend me your assistance.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is this place?
:::'''Shiratori:''' You see all these freight containers around us? This warehouse is where the Shackling Prison stores all the articles that were used as evidence in their cases.
:::'''Shiratori:''' I heard that this place was badly hit by the riot that broke out in the Shackling Prison a while ago. There are even stories about evidence in custody coming back to life, though nobody knows how much truth there is to those claims...
:::'''Shiratori:''' Still, given the sort of place the Shackling Prison is, I won't be surprised if they turned out to be true.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you looking for in here?
:::'''Shiratori:''' This place has plenty of resources, including mutant creations and even cultural relics from ancient civilizations... You can say everything in here is a treasure. I even heard from other inmates that within these containers lie things like monsters, turbulent spaces, and even calamities.
:::'''Shiratori:''' Myself, I'm just looking for a certain safe inside this warehouse. As for its contents... Sorry, but it's private.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me to come along with you?
:::'''Shiratori:''' Any prisoner who's been in the Shackling Prison long enough knows a certain rule: "Never enter the freight containers in the evidence storage warehouse... At least, not alone."
:::'''Shiratori:''' Anyone planning to venture within must ensure that they're as well-prepared as possible and enlist the aid of strong, dependable allies in advance. Most importantly, they must also engage a "pathfinder," someone who can guide them out of those maze-like containers.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're grabbing just anyone for something so important?
::::'''Shiratori:''' There are no other fugitives here, and it's not like I can approach the prison guards for this... You're the only option I have.
::::'''Shiratori:''' ...You're the only one who can help me now.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you think I'm a pathfinder?
::::'''Shiratori:''' I think you are... And I hope you are.
::::'''Shiratori:''' ...You're the only one who can help me now.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. What do you need me to do?
:::'''Shiratori:''' In a while, I'm going to enter this freight container to look for a security safe, but as I mentioned, the space inside these containers is in chaos. Nobody that enters can orient themselves without help...
:::'''Shiratori:''' ...Which is why the '''directions left behind by past explorers''' are so important. Please, you're my only hope now. The directions have been written on a piece of paper, but someone &mdash; a meddling spiritfarer, I reckon &mdash; has taken it to the Scriptorium. Can you retrieve it for me?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will the spiritfarers really give me the memo?
:::'''Shiratori:''' The directions are written in a cipher, so all they'll see is a mess of mm's and hm's. The spiritfarers won't understand a word. All you have to do is retrieve it and bring it back to me.
:'''Shiratori:''' Those '''directions left behind by past explorers''' are extremely important! They have been written down on a piece of paper, but the memo has been taken to the Scriptorium by a spiritfarer. Can you retrieve it for me? Please, I beg of you!


:{{DIcon|?}} Investigate
:From what you can see, this crummy piece of paper is exactly what Shiratori is looking for.
:"Ehn-nah-nah, Nah-ehn-ehn, Ehn-nah-nah, Ehn-nah-nah"?
:You now understand why the spiritfarers of the Ten-Lords Commission pay no attention to this memo.
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Go to the evidence storage warehouse}} with it and look for Shiratori nearby.


;(Talk to Shiratori)
:'''Shiratori:''' You're back! How did it go? Did you find the memo I wanted?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Hand the memo covered in letters to Shiratori)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_ConsumeItem",
	"SubmissionID": 434012703,
	"SimpleTalk": {},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 434035303,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 434035304,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CharacterTriggerFreeStyle",
			"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
			"StoryAvatarID": "NPC_Player",
			"StoryMotionID": 230
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayOptionTalk",
			"OptionList": [
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OptionTalkInfo",
					"TalkSentenceID": 434035305,
					"OptionIconType": "ChatContinueIcon",
					"TriggerCustomString": "TalkSentence_434035307"
				},
				{
					"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OptionTalkInfo",
					"TalkSentenceID": 434035306,
					"OptionIconType": "ChatContinueIcon",
					"TriggerCustomString": "TalkSentence_434035307"
				}
			]
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ALL_TALK_END_NOTFINISH"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_434035307)
:'''Shiratori:''' The code is "Ehn-nah-nah, Nah-ehn-ehn, Ehn-nah-nah, Ehn-nah-nah."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop grunting!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hm? Hmmm?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mm-hmm.
::'''Shiratori:''' Here's the encryption key: "A" corresponds to "Ehn-nah," "B" corresponds to "Nah-ehn-ehn-ehn," "C" corresponds to "Nah-ehn-nah-ehn," "D" corresponds to "Nah-ehn-ehn"... "S" corresponds to "Ehn-ehn-ehn"... "W" corresponds to "Ehn-nah-nah," ...
:;(Return to previous option selection)

;(Unused &mdash; ALL_TALK_END_NOTFINISH)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012703,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>

;(Talk to Shiratori)
:'''Shiratori:''' Don't worry, you can check the cipher and encryption key again anytime you want. Well, it's time for me to set off, my "pathfinding" friend.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's get cracking. Take care of yourself in there.
::'''Shiratori:''' I'm counting on you to tell me where to go. Stay in touch!
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Hold on, I have other things to do.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012703,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 3,
		"Name": "OldValue_3",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:'''Shiratori:''' I see a hidden door... Yes, this is it! This is the correct route!
:'''Shiratori:''' Aha, the security safe, there you are! My pathfinding friend, why don't you retrace my steps and join me?
:Trying your best to recall the directions you just decoded, you make your way through the gigantic maze of freight containers.
:'''Shiratori:''' This security safe really made me work for it, but all that effort has paid off. It's finally in my hands!
:'''Shiratori:''' And it's all thanks to you, my friend! I owe you big-time!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Couldn't you have flown here with the cycrane?
::'''Shiratori:''' And take the romanticism out of the process? Of course not!
::Why are there so many pathways in the containers?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are there so many pathways in the containers?
:'''Shiratori:''' Because that's where the path lies.
:'''Shiratori:''' Ah, this sense of achievement welling up within me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, what is this thing that you worked so hard to look for?
::'''Shiratori:''' I suppose I can be honest with you: It's a microchip containing navigation data on the spaces within the freight containers. After I install this baby on the cycrane, the spoils in the evidence storage warehouse will all be ripe for the picking!
::'''Shiratori:''' Before you say anything, don't worry, I know what I can do and what I can't. I won't make any trouble for the Ten-Lords Commission.
::I won't say anymore, then. Now give me my reward!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't say anymore, then. Now give me my reward!
:'''Shiratori:''' Easy, buddy.
:'''Shiratori:''' I must say, the way you guided me from crate to crate in the dark, it's like you were leading me around with a rope. I've never known a more dependable ally!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
