<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340172
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Passage, Reveal the Past Once More]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Janus' Steed; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*2; Credit*3,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Janus' Steed)
:No doubt you recognize this massive wooden prop from tales of old &mdash; its proud head held high, its cavernous belly large enough to hold several people &mdash; every detail matches the stories you know.
::But wait &mdash; rustling sounds are coming from inside the wooden horse, suggesting someone might be hiding within.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Knock on the wooden panels)
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400003
	]
}</pre>
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloatV2",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_TrojanCtrl"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 3
		}
	}
}</pre>
:::'''Janus' Steed:''' ...Oh, you're the maintenance acolyte? No need for formalities &mdash; I'm just here for a brief rest before leaving.
:::'''Janus' Steed:''' Speaking of which, any updates on my modification proposal from last month?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What modification?
::::'''Janus' Steed:''' Delayed again, I see. The Temple of the Three Fates operates with a sluggishness unbefitting of Janus' name.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They've forbidden any changes to the appearance.
::::'''Janus' Steed:''' Just as I thought. Hmph, how ironic that the servants of the "Passage" are so set in their ways &mdash; quite unworthy of Janus' name.
:::'''Janus' Steed:''' When carrying prophecies across the land, appearance matters. That's why I proposed painting the divine foal red &mdash; striking to behold and perfect for heralding the Maiden's name.
:::'''Janus' Steed:''' Yet the High Priest rejected the appearance changes and opted to add wheels instead &mdash; how perplexing! What use are wheels to a divine foal that can travel anywhere at will? Preposterous!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, red would've been pretty cool.
::::'''Janus' Steed:''' Right? It would really emphasize a sense of swiftness, too.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But aren't wheels more essential?
::::'''Janus' Steed:''' The wheels are just for show &mdash; those stubborn priests wouldn't understand.
:::'''Janus' Steed:''' I'd enjoy talking longer, but we're nearly there with gaining Ladon's support.
:::'''Janus' Steed:''' My calling beckons. Farewell, young acolyte &mdash; may the door of tomorrow remain ever open to you.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloatV2",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_TrojanCtrl"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
:::The ancient words linger in the air, but the sliding window has been sealed shut. In your daze, you notice a faint glow around the wooden horse, as if an invisible portal opens &mdash; an ineffable emptiness suddenly grips your heart.
:::You realize the being that just spoke to you has disappeared. But maybe when you return after some time, there might be... new discoveries?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400003
	]
}</pre>
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Exit}} This is not something a Nameless should be doing!
:::True, this plain wooden horse hasn't piqued your Trailblazing curiosity. No matter, though &mdash; it seems firmly planted here, so you can always return when time permits.
;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
