<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340123
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Rogues on the Run]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aloof Fugitive; Chiyi; Gentle Fugitive; Silent Fugitive; Trailblazer; Xueyi
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[The Shackling Prison]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = The Shackling Prison
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*5; Condensed Aether*4; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Investigate
:Ever since The Shackling Prison riot, the Ten-Lords Commission responded in force at first notice &mdash; most of the escaped prisoners have already been captured and returned to their cells, with the most stringent measures of security maintained within The Shackling Prison.
:Then again, nothing is ever airtight. Even if the spiritfarers, prison guards, and Wraith Warden forgo their vacation days and work overtime to plug escapee problems, there will still be certain cunning convicts who slip away among the shadows.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It still looks like there's plenty of Wandering Monsters down there...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Understood. We can't help it after all.
:'''Chiyi:''' Madam Xueyi, our current detainment task is proceeding smoothly. But there are still five convicts whose whereabouts are unknown...
:'''Xueyi:''' Please elaborate.
:'''Chiyi:''' According to surveillance, they did not leave The Shackling Prison after the disturbance, and chances of succeeding will be even slimmer now. Practically speaking, they should be hiding somewhere in The Shackling Prison, it's just that we haven't found them...
:'''Xueyi:''' What's the danger level for the prisoners?
:'''Chiyi:''' Extremely low.
:'''Xueyi:''' Danger level, extremely low. Search difficulty, unknown. We'll just exhaust the prison's manpower if we keep hunting for them like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Something on my face?
::'''Chiyi:''' It's nothing.
::'''Xueyi:''' I'm looking at you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just spit it out, what do you need me to do?
::'''Chiyi:''' Madam Xueyi, has (Trailblazer) been imposed upon by you many times?
::'''Xueyi:''' Many times.
:'''Xueyi:''' (Trailblazer), this isn't a task that has been entrusted to you, you do not need to view it as a burden.
:'''Xueyi:''' There are five fugitives in The Shackling Prison. Dead or alive, their statuses must all be verified, no stone left unturned. I have been bequeathed free rein of The Shackling Prison by the Ten Lords &mdash; if these fugitives are discovered, please report their whereabouts to me immediately. My spiritfarers will handle them accordingly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} In other words, we'll just have to try our luck at finding them.
:'''Chiyi:''' Yes, it would be most excellent if you could find them, though it would also be all right if they can't be found.
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:You notice the fugitive look away hastily after glancing at you, pretending that he hasn't seen anything. But that's just how the cat-and-mouse game is played &mdash; you haven't come here just to make eyes at him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey, you're an escaped prisoner, aren't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hello hello, nice to meet you.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' ...
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' You are in my way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've already informed the prison guards.
::'''Silent Fugitive:''' Tsk, meddlesome.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} In your way? You say it like you're going to come out here.
::'''Silent Fugitive:''' *heavy sigh*
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't move, I'm going to go over there to arrest you.
::'''Silent Fugitive:''' Hmph, it won't matter even if you come a little closer.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' ...I don't know you. That's a good thing for you.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' Go. When the mara strikes, you don't want to be next to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You dare threaten me?
::'''Silent Fugitive:''' When the mara strikes... I become something else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've fought against countless mara-struck.
::'''Silent Fugitive:''' We are all mara-stricken in different ways, but my situation is unusual.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your speech reminds me of someone...
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' Ah, there was a prisoner who was locked in the cell beside me. He spoke in a really cool way... No wait, I've mentioned too much, stop prodding me.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' Tsk, meddlesome.
:You understand that this person does not intend to have a proper conversation with you. He just wants to scare you away with his mara-struck self. You cleverly take out your phone and send the fugitive's coordinates to Jailer Chiyi &mdash; you have done what you came here to do.
:When the fugitive knows that he has nowhere to run, he looks up at the heights of The Shackling Prison &mdash; a unique delve formed from the waters of the ancient sea. From the beginning, he already knew that even if he could escape his cell, there would be no liberation from the walls of The Shackling Prison.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' ...Life has become a punishment.
:'''Chiyi:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). It was all thanks to your sharp eye that we found a runaway here.

;(Talk to Aloof Fugitive)
:You notice the fugitive emanating an air even colder and more murderous than the Grimfrost Hold itself. Good thing you don't have to fight her &mdash; just transmitting her location to the Jailer will do.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey, you're an escaped prisoner, aren't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey hey.
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Let's forgo the pleasantries &mdash; what do you want?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're an escapee, what else could I possibly be here for?
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' *resigned sigh*
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Where there are people, there is noise.
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Stand down and I'll spare you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if I'm not backing down?
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Another soon to be departed.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My job is just to locate you, not spill blood for it.
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Tedious.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's just cut to the chase and duke it out.
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Prepare to die...
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' I have already surpassed my limits and may soon succumb to the influence of mara...
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' *Gives out a piercing howl* This is how an infinite lifespan feels like!
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' H&mdash;How about you get over here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You think you can fool me with that line?
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' You weren't intimidated by my bluff at all...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Allow me, the Galactic Baseballer, to face off against you.
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Are you gonna do it...
::'''Aloof Fugitive:''' The Galactic Baseballer...?
:'''Chiyi:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer).
:'''Chiyi:''' This convict was a handful. Our investigations have confirmed that one of the convicts that she escaped with died along the way. From her mental state, I reckon she hasn't quite accepted the outcome...


:{{DIcon|?}} Investigate
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' Oof, I was hoping I wouldn't be found here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're pretty good at hiding.
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' A traveling merchant needs a knowledge of puzzles.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Were you planning to stay here forever if I hadn't come?
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' It's hard for a wanderer to find rest in this world.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' This humble self is a traveling merchant passing along a Xianzhou ship. Alas, I've been unfortunately embroiled in a certain incident and ended up being detained here.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' I see that you are neither a spiritfarer nor a prison guard. You have no past grievances nor recent enmity with me... How about allowing me a convenience and pretending that nothing happened between us? Let us become friends this day, and I will surely aid you in the future.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm worried that you've got a knife behind that cordiality of yours...
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' Heh-heh, surely you jest, I am unskilled in combat.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're too smoothly glib, why would I help you?
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' I am a traveling merchant with no shoulder to lean on in the outer worlds. It is natural that one also needs to forge amicable relationships.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' Truth be told, the reason I wish to leave this abyssal prison is simply to send an old friend off. Xianzhou natives bear no coffins or tablets. If I continue to stay on in this prison, I fear that I'll find my friend nowhere when I get out.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' As a traveling merchant, I understand the laws of profit and loss &mdash; what is taken must be repaid in kind. What has happened will happen again. I will eventually return to my own cell... but before that, I have many matters to attend to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} State your reasons and the Jailer will help you.
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' I have underestimated you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will bury your friend in your stead...
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' ...This is my duty to bear.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The way you speak reminds me of someone familiar.
::'''Gentle Fugitive:''' ...Is that so? Many traveling merchants speak this way.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' I hear the footsteps of the prison guards. It appears the time has come for settlement. A pity that I did not manage to persuade you.
:'''Chiyi:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer).
:'''Chiyi:''' This prisoner is no simple individual. According to our investigation, the old friend he mentioned is also one of the fugitive quintet. Apparently, that old friend has a tattoo that holds Goldville's secret. This so-called burial is just a code word among them.

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 434012305,
	"MessageSectionID": 1310400,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Chiyi:''' I am Chiyi, Jailer of the Ten-Lords Commission's Shackling Prison zone. I have been tasked with taking you all in... Do you remember me?
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' I remember.
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' ...Not at all.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' Heh-heh, look, we all ended up back here anyway.
:'''Chiyi:''' Less prattle from you, and I might just make it quick for you.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' There are five, but only three have returned...
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' Shh.
:'''Chiyi:''' The escaped five met in prison, and attempted to seek this "Goldville" that one of them had promised. Their jailbreak was thwarted, and of the five who escaped, three have been retrieved, while the remaining two have been murdered by an unseen hand. The Ten-Lords Commission will get to the bottom of this.
:'''Gentle Fugitive:''' Heh-heh, when in a difficult situation, it's not so important to maintain who you truly are, but to find the suitable role to play... Alas, I played the wrong character.
:'''Silent Fugitive:''' Silence.
:'''Aloof Fugitive:''' *heavy gasp*
:'''Chiyi:''' Prison guards, heed this order and arrest the trio of convicts.
:You watch on as the three are once again banished to the depths of The Shackling Prison, marking an end to this minor kerfuffle.
:'''Chiyi:''' We thank you for finding these persistent fugitives. You really came through for us.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, they were trying to kill one another?
::'''Chiyi:''' "Trying to kill each other"? They don't even know each other's names. They're just prisoners that share interests.
::'''Chiyi:''' But later, what they each sought was different from how it began, so there was a change in the situation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are these people really strong then?
::'''Chiyi:''' ...I can't tell, though. They are certainly adept at using words to give off the impression that they are very strong.
::'''Chiyi:''' But like I said before: The danger level of these fugitives is extremely low. They are nothing compared to the numerous monsters caged in this prison &mdash; a dozen guards is all it would take to subdue them.
:'''Chiyi:''' Thank you for all your efforts. This is a token of appreciation from the Ten-Lords Commission, you must accept it.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
