<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340138
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Calm Scholar; Emotional Scholar; Friendly Scholar; Kind Little Girl; Trailblazer; Workshop Employee
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
----
:'''Workshop Employee:''' {{MC|f=Girl|m=Boy}}, I thought the commotion I felt in the workshop just now was something happening with the beasts down there, so I came rushing over... and I didn't realize you actually reignited Georios' holy candle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the issue?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Georios' holy candle?
:Through the old man's excited explanations, you realize that this holy candle is an offering from Georios' followers, but was eventually abandoned for unknown reasons.
:But the chest next to it...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I touch your treasure chest?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's up with this chest?
:'''Workshop Employee:''' Since you rekindled the holy candle, then this must be Georios' reward... From the dust on its surface, this must be a treasure that has been buried deep...
:'''Workshop Employee:''' Georios once used divine powers to command the land to offer its bounty forcibly &mdash; Such events have also been recorded.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvClientChangePropState",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 382
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 300002
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"FromState": "ChestClosed",
	"ToState": "ChestUsed"
}</pre>
:'''Workshop Employee:''' I just didn't expect to witness the legends with my own eyes... I am truly fortunate.
:'''Workshop Employee:''' Alright, {{MC|f=little girl|m=little boy}}. This old one's gotta get back and handle his flock. May Georios bless your path.
----
:'''Kind Little Girl:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}? Are you okay? I saw how tired you looked. If you're sleeping out in the open like this, it's easy to catch a cold.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}!
::The little girl makes a funny face at you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I... fell asleep here?
::'''Kind Little Girl:''' Yeah. But don't worry, you slept really well. You didn't kick off the blankets. Mom says that kids that don't kick off their blankets are sweethearts.
:'''Kind Little Girl:''' Fufu. The holy candle of Oronyx is different from other holy candles. When it's extinguished, the "eternal night" will soon rise.
:'''Kind Little Girl:''' So... Don't do that next time. This is Okhema, after all. Mom says that the Titans can see everything we do here.
:'''Kind Little Girl:''' If you insist on sleeping in the open, remember to pray to Oronyx. After all... I can't ensure you'll be this lucky every time and run into me under the curtains of the eternal night.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_GoldenLiquidDev_03"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_GoldenLiquidDev_04"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_GoldenLiquidDev_05"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
----
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_GoldenLiquidDev_07"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
:'''Emotional Scholar:''' My word! I've been neglecting my research for so long, and now my thoughts are clear... I... I knew it!
:'''Calm Scholar:''' Cerces above, I offer my unworthy research topic before your brightness in dedication to your radiant enlightenment.
:'''Friendly Scholar:''' Everyone calm down. I'm not forbidding your worship of Cerces, but I'm telling you to take back these slates. How are people supposed to walk around here!?
:'''Friendly Scholar:''' Hey, you alright, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}? I saw you grinning like a loon and thought something went wrong for you... you alright now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who was grinning like a loon!?
::'''Friendly Scholar:''' Alright... Let's put it another way. When I saw you just now, you seemed so smart that it gave me the shivers.
::What... happened here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What... happened here?
:'''Friendly Scholar:''' Huh? Don't you know? I watched you light the holy candle of Cerces.
:'''Friendly Scholar:''' Oh. Is this Cerces' power...? It's like my mind suddenly opened up...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
