<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340133
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[A Fugue From Beyond]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Child's parent; Staff; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Skysplitter]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Skysplitter
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Lost Crystal*1; Credit*3,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Listen
:'''Child's parent:''' Take a look at this.
:'''Staff:''' This looks like... a Hexanexus: Remake ad...
:'''Child's parent:''' This ad's placement is inside the Skysplitter's levitator?
:'''Child's parent:''' Putting something that parents avoid right under the noses of children? This is a new low to making money.
:'''Staff:''' ...
:'''Child's parent:''' Seriously! Practically poison for the soul!
:'''Child's parent:''' Hey, you say something too, do you think it's appropriate to have a Hexanexus ad here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course!
::'''Child's parent:''' Hah? Think more seriously! I don't think you're fit to use the levitator.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course not!
::'''Child's parent:''' There, the bright-eyed stranger has spoken.
:'''Child's parent:''' I didn't want to dampen the mood the other day, but I really have to lodge a complaint about the management quality of our Skysplitter. Such a crass game ad plastered in the levitator, and so many kids watch the match. I'd die of embarrassment in the levitator!
:'''Child's parent:''' Parents and teachers are trying to teach kids to be more positive and stay away from games, yet you lot dare plaster such rubbish right in front of us. It's a crime, I say! Think about what you would do if your own child saw that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...It would be fine, I suppose?
::'''Child's parent:''' Go away, I do not wish to be seen alongside the uncouth likes of you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get Hexanexus out of the Skysplitter!
::'''Child's parent:''' Yeah! Not just that, they should get out of the Xianzhou too, and be arrested!
:'''Staff:''' Yes, yes, you're absolutely right, we'll tear it down right now.
:*pheeew* You exhale a drawn-out breath, finally clearly seeing the Hexanexus ad in all its brand-new glory. It is a '''stark naked three-phase cube'''. To think the Hex Club even came up with such an ad, outrageous!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Hexanexus... *sigh*...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
