<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340125
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Rogues on the Run]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = New Prison Guard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[The Shackling Prison]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = The Shackling Prison
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Condensed Aether*2; Credit*3,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Investigate
:Let's see what you've found... A book? The variety of inmates in this Shackling Prison is truly intriguing. Since books are spiritual food for the soul, maybe there is a spiritual inmate who's an avid reader and relies on them for sustenance.
:Then again, you've always been quietly stashing away various books (and even non-books) from different worlds into your bag, never quite sure when you'll look at them again... Hmm, allow me to pose this question, but do you truly intend to read them?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I read every single one of them. They are interesting.
::Thank you for your support. Stay tuned for more upcoming books.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll read the ones with interesting titles.
::I see... So this is similar to browsing online communities.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I haven't read them for a long time. Words put me to sleep.
::I understand. After all, there are many ways of getting information these days.
:So, this book is... ''A Study into the Mara-Struck''?
:You have a faint recollection of the book's title. It appears to have been listed as a recommended title in the Express data bank when you first embarked on the Xianzhou. Several people in the Cosmos have been desperately searching for its whereabouts to no avail.
:Take it along with you. Maybe Dan Heng, the caretaker of the data bank, will thank you for it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take it.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Not interested.
::It appears you're not particularly interested in examinations related to the mara-struck. After all, as someone who's not a Xianzhou native, it's not a concern for you... However, should you find yourself with spare time, feel free to take and read it at your leisure.
::Because there's a possibility that this book isn't '''lost in the prison''' but it's '''locked in the prison'''.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434012501,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; TriggerPerformancer_434012502)
:'''New Prison Guard:''' Wait, did you take that book ''A Study into the Mara-Struck'' with you just now?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I love to read to widen my knowledge.
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' It's got nothing to do with whether you like to read or not. You are helping it to escape from jail!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Didn't you place it there for me to take...?
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' For you to take? No way. You are helping it to escape the prison!
::'''New Prison Guard:''' I've only recently been assigned to this section of The Shackling Prison, so I'm uncertain about this book's circumstances. However, judging from my experiences, it's likely here for a reason.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you serious? Are you sure this isn't a joke?
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' I was hired as a Jailer in the Ten-Lords Commission because my personality is always serious. In my opinion, this book must have done something wrong and been arrested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So that's the reason no one can find this book...
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' ...Is anyone searching for this book? Please inform them that this book has been apprehended, which is why it's not readily available. My apologies for any inconvenience.
::'''New Prison Guard:''' In any circumstance, the Ten-Lords Commission will not make a mistake. We will never mistreat a good book.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But what exactly is the charge?
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' ...Anyone without a charge will not be in prison. You're right. Let me do a quick check now.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got it. I will leave this book behind.
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' All right. Then I'll... On what charge should I rearrest it? Let me do a quick check.
::'''New Prison Guard:''' This is weird. There isn't any record in the system. Could it be that it's not a criminal?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That is more in line with my common sense...
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' You are right. You may bring the book along with you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So I can take it with me now?
:::'''New Prison Guard:''' Yes, you may take the book with you...
::'''New Prison Guard:''' I've got duties to attend to and need to get back on patrol. If you are curious about why the ''A Study into the Mara-Struck'' book is locked up in prison, you can seek out Jailer Chiyi for further information.
::You finally get your hands on the '''unfindable ''A Study into the Mara-Struck'''''. If only there were a global channel, you would tell everyone in the Cosmos who's trying to find this book.
::But it's just an ordinary book, intriguing in its content but hardly worth breaking into the Shackling Prison for... This only deepens the mystery &mdash; who took this book away? And for what reason was it confined within the shadows of the Shackling Prison, hidden from the world's view?
::Perhaps finding the answer to this question will not give you a real sense of accomplishment, but having an unsolved puzzle in your mind makes you uneasy. Just as the new prison guard has suggested, it's time to look for Chiyi.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
