<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340146
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Hero, Bear Thy Coreflame]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = ??; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Celestial Ambrosia*15; Chrysos Heir Dolium*1
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

:{{DIcon|?}} Janus' Steed
:There is no doubt about it. The giant wooden prop before you is one you recognize from an old story. Its head raised high in the sky and room in its stomach for several people &mdash; it has all the familiar characteristics you expect.
:But, just as you try to climb inside the wooden horse's stomach, you find... The wooden board is stuck fast, and it can't be opened from this side.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kick it hard!
::Bang! Bang! You take a deep breath, spin on your heel, and throw a number of ferocious kicks at the body of the horse. Unfortunately, to no avail. Suddenly, you hear a faint moan.
::(Try to drag the wooden horse)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Try to drag the wooden horse)
:Creak... Creak... You try to pull with all your strength, but the wheels on the wooden horse remain firmly fixed in place. They don't seem to move at all. Suddenly, you hear a faint moan.
:'''??:''' No, don't... Stop! I'm just taking a quick break. I'll be gone in a moment! This will not affect anything. Please don't worry.
:'''??:''' I am a divine foal that has received the blessing of {{Rubi|Janus|Passage Titan}}. I can travel freely between any lands. I am stranded here because I was infected by the black tide's essence and lost my sense of direction. I will recover soon.
:'''??:''' My mind is still unclear, and I have lost my sense of direction. May I ask... Where is the festival of the Mad King being held? Have I come to the wrong place?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're too late.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The festival of Kremnos ended a long time ago.
:'''??:''' I see. No wonder you are the only living thing I have come across this whole time. I see... I lost so much time when I was lost in teleportation, and even history itself has changed. Just what exactly...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
