<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4340137
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Sound Hunt: Epilogue]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Celebrity SoulGlad; Gold Wine Bottle; Green Wine Bottle; Movie Club Member; Red Wine Bottle; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Penacony Paperfold University College]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Penacony Paperfold University College
|prev          = Sound Hunt: Epilogue
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*3; Condensed Aether*2; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Movie Club Member)
:'''Movie Club Member:''' *sigh* What'll we do... It's already this late, and we won't make the school anniversary if this keeps up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to have run into trouble.
:'''Movie Club Member:''' We have. I'm from the Film Club &mdash; we intended to play a film the club made at the anniversary, but our director... Ah, I mean the appointed director, he suddenly quit, so it's not looking good right now.
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Hey... Aren't you the legendary Festive Superstar!? I've seen so many posts of you on the forums. I heard you're really talented! Please help us if you've got time!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why did your director suddenly quit...
::'''Movie Club Member:''' I'm not too sure. Maybe he felt we were just a small new student society with no future. Our budget's meager, our equipment and filming skills are pretty bad, and for all that talk about filmmaking being our life's aspiration, we only film dumb student shorts.
::'''Movie Club Member:''' The director used to intern under Mr. Reca, so he's probably seen what real filming is like. It's only normal that he's scoffing at our efforts.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do I need to do to film a movie?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013701,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::'''Movie Club Member:''' It's really simple. I'll teach you! See that jigsaw by the side? First, we lay out the scene...
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Sorry, I'm super busy.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013701,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
::'''Movie Club Member:''' All right... I'll think of something else.

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicString",
	"Name": "PuzzleBoardPath",
	"TargetSelf": false,
	"TargetIDs": [
		300001
	],
	"Value": {
		"Value": "Gameplays/JigsawPuzzle/JigsawPuzzle_P06_Normal_01_Comedy_02.prefab"
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEventV2",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "InitPuzzle"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>

;(Talk to Movie Club Member)
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Finish the jigsaw first and lay out the scene. When you're ready, we'll go through the subsequent filming process.
----
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Awright! This is our film set. It's a little plain, but enough for this filming session.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're cutting a few too many corners...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The budget is really this tight?
:'''Movie Club Member:''' The standard for film evaluation is in its quality, not its budget. Take a look at how big Clock Studios is &mdash; they haven't really made any major hits, have they? Don't worry. Trust in the director's eye.
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Next, we'll have the actors who passed the screen test enter...
:'''Red Wine Bottle:''' Hello to everyone in the production crew. My name is Reddie. I've played main characters in movies as a child star, and I have ample acting experience. My special is "spitting it out in five seconds." I'll be in your care.
:'''Gold Wine Bottle:''' I&mdash;I'm Goldie... I've never professionally acted, so this is the first time I'm participating in a film. Umm... Thank you.
:'''Green Wine Bottle:''' ...Greenie. Just follow the script, yeah? I'll get my work done. That's all from me.
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Each actor's got their own unique traits. Is there anything the director would like to say before we start shooting?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Their traits sure are unique indeed...
::'''Movie Club Member:''' Haha, movies nowadays are all about obvious character traits and clear stereotypes! The audience won't be griping about not being able to differentiate between characters this time &mdash; such people should be seeing a doctor, not a movie!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} They're all veterans, and I trust them.
::'''Movie Club Member:''' Sounds like the director's very familiar with these drink bottles? That's good then. Look at their brimming poise, almost bursting with passion &mdash; that's the swagger of a seasoned artiste!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to chat with the actors.
::'''Movie Club Member:''' Of course, that's only your right, to get to know the actors to better commandeer the set direction. You can speak to them directly.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Talk to the red bottle.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Reddie, I'd like to know why you joined show business.
:::'''Red Wine Bottle:''' It's probably because I was influenced by my past experiences. I was exposed to this industry from an early age and attained decent success, so I just decided to stick with it.
:::'''Red Wine Bottle:''' I can't say I really love it, but it's not something that irks me. And it's my job &mdash; what's required isn't meaningless passion, but sufficient ability and a serious attitude.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' (This actor's pretty professional. I haven't noticed any problems yet.)
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Talk to the gold bottle.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Goldie, I'd like to know why you joined show business.
:::'''Gold Wine Bottle:''' Huh, you asking me? It's probably because... I want to be in the limelight of everyone's eyes, to shine bright in front of them! This has always been my dream, and I've been working hard to achieve this goal.
:::'''Gold Wine Bottle:''' I must become the most famous actor in all of the Dreamscape! I can do it!
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' (This actor is pretty enthusiastic about acting, but its skill might be left wanting.)
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Talk to the green bottle.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Greenie, I'd like to know why you joined show business.
:::'''Green Wine Bottle:''' Don't ask me. My answer is that I have the talent, and there is a need for it. That's all.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' (This actor's character is quite aloof, and is difficult to communicate with. But maybe it's the real deal.)
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I have nothing else to ask.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Their traits sure are unique indeed...
::::'''Movie Club Member:''' Haha, movies nowadays are all about obvious character traits and clear stereotypes! The audience won't be griping about not being able to differentiate between characters this time &mdash; such people should be seeing a doctor, not a movie!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} They're all veterans, and I trust them.
::::'''Movie Club Member:''' Sounds like the director's very familiar with these drink bottles? That's good then. Look at their brimming poise, almost bursting with passion &mdash; that's the swagger of a seasoned artiste!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Without further ado, let's start the shoot.
::::'''Movie Club Member:''' Got it! Actors at your designated spots please. We're going to start rolling.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Without further ado, let's start the shoot.
::'''Movie Club Member:''' Got it! Actors at your designated spots please. We're going to start rolling.
----
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Now that the actors are familiar with their settings, we'll start right now. I'll be in charge of the narration. The director will control the plot's direction, and make decisions when the need arises.
:'''Movie Club Member:''' It's about time. Everyone ready... Cameras, action!
:The school anniversary is soon to end, and all the students are clamoring forth to become stars on the stage. Among them, three candidates stand out brilliantly &mdash; they are...
:'''Red Wine Bottle:''' Look, that elegant red carpet matches my color perfectly. The glitzy lights bring out my hue and make it dazzle even shinier. The crowd's screams are their tribute to me &mdash; I am the brightest star around here.
:'''Gold Wine Bottle:''' I won't let you have it! I deserve it the most... The bottle most qualified to stand on stage is me! No one else will get in my way!
:'''Green Wine Bottle:''' Pathetic. You should slink back with your daydreams. I will defeat all the bottles here and ascend the stage of stardom.
:What an intense bout! These three contenders have obviously come prepared, all for the singular goal of hogging center stage! Now then, with this thrilling clash unfolding, who will become the eventual victor?
:Who will it be... Will it be... Will it... be...
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Director! Hurry up and make a decision!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Eh? I thought the script already decided it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, I can call the shots?
:'''Movie Club Member:''' All our scripts are finished during filming. Our emphasis is on spontaneity and agile development, and that's how we can better evoke creativity from the actors and crew, to avoid the pitfalls of cliched plots.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Recall your evaluation of the three actors.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Reddie's pretty professional. I haven't noticed any problems yet.)
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The director has decided, and it'll be...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The red bottle will play the protagonist.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013702,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The gold bottle will play the protagonist.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013702,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 2
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The green bottle will play the protagonist.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 434013702,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2,
			3
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 3
}</pre>
::'''Movie Club Member:''' Now that the actors are familiar with their settings, we'll start right now. I'll be in charge of the narration. The director will control the plot's direction, and make decisions when the need arises.
::'''Movie Club Member:''' It's about time. Everyone ready... Cameras, action!
::The school anniversary is soon to end, and all the students are clamoring forth to become stars on the stage. Among them, three candidates stand out brilliantly &mdash; they are...
::'''Red Wine Bottle:''' Look, that elegant red carpet matches my color perfectly. The glitzy lights bring out my hue and make it dazzle even shinier. The crowd's screams are their tribute to me &mdash; I am the brightest star around here.
::'''Gold Wine Bottle:''' I won't let you have it! I deserve it the most... The bottle most qualified to stand on stage is me! No one else will get in my way!
::'''Green Wine Bottle:''' Pathetic. You should slink back with your daydreams. I will defeat all the bottles here and ascend the stage of stardom.
::What an intense bout! These three contenders have obviously come prepared, all for the singular goal of hogging center stage! Now then, with this thrilling clash unfolding, who will become the eventual victor?
::Who will it be... Will it be... Will it... be...
::'''Movie Club Member:''' Director! Hurry up and make a decision!
::Eh? I thought the script already decided it?
::Oh, I can call the shots?
::'''Movie Club Member:''' All our scripts are finished during filming. Our emphasis is on spontaneity and agile development, and that's how we can better evoke creativity from the actors and crew, to avoid the pitfalls of cliched plots.
::'''Movie Club Member:''' From what you know of them, you should announce the final outcome. I'll fill up everything else in the middle!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Arranging the script according to the actors' personalities and abilities... Will such spur-of-the-moment changes really not present problems?)
::Recall your evaluation of the three actors.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Reddie's pretty professional. I haven't noticed any problems yet.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Goldie is pretty enthusiastic about acting, but its skill might be left wanting.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Greenie's character is quite aloof, and is difficult to communicate with. But maybe it's the real deal.)
::I'm ready.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' The director has decided, and it'll be...
::The red bottle will play the protagonist.
::Without a doubt, Reddie is the most capable among all the candidates. For all intents and purposes, she should be the highlight of the stage. Will any unforeseen twists occur in the script though...?
::The gold bottle will play the protagonist.
::A choice very bold! Even with Goldie's unbridled passion for the stage, her acting experience remains lacking. Will this enthusiasm prop her up in defeating her competitors, and guide her toward the light of the center stage...?
::The green bottle will play the protagonist.
::Suspense is imperative in a story, is it not? We know almost nothing about Greenie, and that's why we believe he will bring about the most unanticipated change on the stage. Will he turn out to be the biggest variable...?
::Let us stay tuned!
::{{tx}}
----
:Reddie has defeated all opponents with its overwhelming advantage in talent. Yes, indubitably, this is what we call "not even a fair fight"!
:Will our story call it a day here? Will the audience accept such an obvious plot? Will ticket sales be able to hang in there?
:'''Red Wine Bottle:''' Don't worry, plot twist incoming.
:Oh! A twist! What jaw-dropping display will there be? Everyone is waiting, to see Reddie dexterously jump...
:And then do a convincing handstand on the stage!
:The whole room erupts with thundering applause &mdash; Ordinary artistes stay in their lane, while it is the gifted stars who will blaze the trail! Amidst raucous cheers and clapping, our story has finally come to an end &mdash; a most expected yet surprising ending!
:...The end.
----
:'''Red Wine Bottle:''' *cough* *cough cough* ...My head hurts...
:'''Movie Club Member:''' The shoot's over. Not bad, eh? Gosh, that was absolutely the acting chops of a child star. Such an outstanding spontaneous performance.
:But you hear the red bottle's non-stop coughing &mdash; perhaps the handstand was too much for a champagne bottle. You're sure it's definitely feeling bloated.
:'''Movie Club Member:''' Such dedication to your craft, to sacrifice your own health for a better scene. You are a born actor! I must have you the next time we shoot!
:You're not sure if such behavior is worth lauding, but at the very least, you hope it never has to happen to you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
