<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003264
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Dock Operations (II)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Kind Visitor; New Cycrane; New Tester; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = Dock Operations (II)
|next          = 
|rewards       = Prosperity Certificate*2
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001
	]
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 5,
			"GroupID": 173,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 801326401
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; Move_800326402)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAIMoveTo",
	"EntityInstanceID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 400002
		}
	},
	"GroupId": 173,
	"PointID": 1,
	"MotionFlag": "Walk",
	"OnReach": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800326402"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Destory_173_400002)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Destory_173_400001)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to New Cycrane)
----
----
:'''New Cycrane:''' Looks like this is it. The Delicacy Pavilion... Uploading pathing data... Please wait.
:'''New Cycrane:''' Thank you very much, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}.
:'''New Cycrane:''' There's another blank place here, the Spices Supreme... Could you please navigate again for me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me get my bearings first...
:'''New Cycrane:''' Bearings... Locating "bearings"... Is this like... a "building"...?
:{{Black Screen|You're not sure where you are, so you look it up on the map in your phone.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400002
	]
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400003
	]
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|You're not sure where you are, so you look it up on the map in your phone.}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' So the Spices Supreme is right next door. Let's go!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Hm? Cycrane? Where did a cycrane that size duck off to?
:You raise your head, only to discover the cycrane that has been following along with you all the way has somehow disappeared.
:'''Kind Visitor:''' Are you looking for that cycrane? I just saw it flying straight ahead...
:'''Kind Visitor:''' Over there... I think it's the rear courtyard of the Spices Supreme? Right beside the Longevity Hall.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Thank you. I'll be off then!
:{{Black Screen|Are you looking for that cycrane? I just saw it flying straight ahead...}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400003
	]
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|Are you looking for that cycrane? I just saw it flying straight ahead...}}
;(Unused &mdash; Act_800326404)
:----
::'''New Cycrane:''' Is this really Spices Supreme? Could be, could be not.
::'''New Tester:''' ...Isn't this the back kitchen's pantry? Navigation tools shouldn't be sending people here. How can I get in there?
::'''New Tester:''' Also, what about that kind-hearted person who just gave you directions? How could you just leave them behind like that? Please be more professional and don't just lose track of people like that...
::'''New Cycrane:''' Hmm? {{MC|f=She|m=He}} isn't back yet? Let me see... Golly gee, you're right!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you talking about!
:::'''New Cycrane:''' There you are! It's my fault. I was drifting and not paying attention. I really should install a rear-view mirror...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're so lost in yourself that you've lost track of me...
:::'''New Cycrane:''' I'm sorry. I've only been in this role a few days and I'm not very experienced. I'll do better next time!
::'''New Tester:''' Well then, where is the front entrance to the Spices Supreme?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is the rear courtyard. You'll have to turn around and skirt across.
::'''New Tester:''' I see!
::'''New Cycrane:''' Thank you for your help. I've updated the southwest corner of the Aurum Alley map. Here's a little fee for your work. Take it, otherwise we'd feel awkward.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
