<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8001217
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Boris; Trailblazer; Uldan
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[History and Culture Museum]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = History and Culture Museum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Talk to Uldan)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501190101-->)
::'''Uldan:''' Welcome to the Belobog History and Culture Museum, {{MC|f=young miss|m=young man}}. Is there anything an old man like me can help you with?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just here to visit the museum.
:::'''Uldan:''' Oh hoho, you're at the wrong place. This is the museum's warehouse. Head out then turn right, the exhibition hall is past the reception counter.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here solely to talk with older people.
:::'''Uldan:''' Hah, what a unique hobby. However, this is a museum after all. Since you're here, might as well have a tour. Head out then turn right, the exhibition hall is past the reception counter.
::'''Uldan:''' If you have any questions along your tour, or if you have any feedback or opinions, welcome to come talk to me...
::'''Uldan:''' ...I am Uldan, former dean of the Belobog College of Art, and now the curator of this museum. Pleased to meet you.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501190101-->)
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::::{{DIcon|?}} About the portrait of Cyrille the Fool...
:::::'''Uldan:''' (Trailblazer)... Did you say that the description of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Cyrille the Fool's}} portrait deviated from the truth?
:::::'''Uldan:''' But... how's that possible? The description is taken from the history textbooks of the Belobog Academy. Everything is in black and white.
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I met Cyrille before.
::::::'''Uldan:''' Well... Stop pulling my leg.
::::::'''Uldan:''' Still, I can tell you have at least heard of Cyrille from your tone.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have evidence that supports Cyrille.
::::::'''Uldan:''' Since you sound so sure of yourself, I'll take a look at your evidence.
:::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 800122503,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 278713946
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"KeepDisplay": true,
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122739,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122740,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122741,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 20,
					"TalkSentenceID": 800122742,
					"ProtectTime": 0.8
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800122502"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_501190151"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {
		"TextSpeed": 20,
		"ProtectTime": 0.8
	}
}</pre>
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll go ahead and tour now.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190111,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>


;(Talk to Boris)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501190201-->)
::'''Boris:''' Hey, who are you? This is the restoration room of the museum, nothing here is on display...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pela sent me to help.
:::'''Boris:''' Miss Pela sent you to help...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm the hero of Belobog.
:::'''Boris:''' The hero of Belobog...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm (Trailblazer).
:::'''Boris:''' (Trailblazer)...
::'''Boris:''' Oh, now I remember! Haha, my forgetfulness!
::'''Boris:''' Pleased to meet you, I'm the museum's artifact restorer, Boris! So sorry for not recognizing you earlier.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501190201-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501190211,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Boris:''' Are you... looking to have a chat with me?

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:An oil painting depicting the Administrative District in its full majesty.
:The Administrative District depicted in the painting is much larger than you remember. Maybe it's because there are many places off-limits to you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
