<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003263
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Dock Operations (I)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cycrane; Repaired Cycrane; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = Dock Operations (I)
|next          = 
|rewards       = Prosperity Certificate*2
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 6,
			"GroupID": 139,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 800326902
		}
	],
	"IsLoop": true,
	"LoopInterval": 2
}</pre>

----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>
:'''Repaired Cycrane:''' Thank you. I encountered a cycrane-on-cycrane traffic accident earlier.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wanna tell me more about the accident?
::'''Repaired Cycrane:''' I rear-ended several innocent cycranes midair and unfortunately ended up crashing. A series of accidents.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not interested in traffic accidents.
::'''Repaired Cycrane:''' Oh? I heard some people say they "love rubbernecking at traffic accidents." I guess that's not your style, though.
:'''Repaired Cycrane:''' Ever heard of "deep learning"? I've been carefully studying traffic rules for Xianzhou cycranes, and also viewed over five hundred years of cycrane traffic accident recordings.
:'''Repaired Cycrane:''' I've mastered the various ways a cycrane encounters accidents, and collected some in situ physical parameters just now. So I now thoroughly understand traffic accidents.
:'''Repaired Cycrane:''' You can call me "Maestro Cycrane of Traffic Accidents."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maestro, what are your plans from here?
::'''Repaired Cycrane:''' I'll keep making deliveries, and never have another accident again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Seems like you didn't really learn the most practical things.
::'''Repaired Cycrane:''' You don't get it. As long as you can apply things in reverse, I should never encounter another traffic accident ever again.
:'''Repaired Cycrane:''' It's getting late and I have to get back to these deliveries. Thank you, stranger.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
