<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003267
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Dock Operations (II)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Enthusiastic Cycrane; Idling Cycrane; Passerby Cycrane; Trailblazer; Yuanfeng
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Aurum Alley]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Aurum Alley
|prev          = Dock Operations (II)
|next          = 
|rewards       = Prosperity Certificate*2
}}
'''''''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Yuanfeng)
:'''Yuanfeng:''' How long before that bird comes to its senses? It just won't stop slacking off!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey, hey, calm down.
::'''Yuanfeng:''' I wish I could, but it's interfering with our business operations. You'd be at your wits' end too if you were in my shoes!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's the slacker?
::'''Yuanfeng:''' Ahem, to be honest... it's one of our cycranes.
:'''Yuanfeng:''' Thanks to the logistics route you helped plan, (Trailblazer), our business has been booming in Aurum Alley, but I never expected that something would go wrong on my end.
:'''Yuanfeng:''' My cycrane is actually a great helper, but it has one terrible shortcoming: It likes to slack off from time to time. Now I need it for something, but it's nowhere to be found.
:'''Yuanfeng:''' Now I'm almost overwhelmed by all the complaints from our customers about our delivery service. It's a good thing you're here &mdash; Mingxi and Sushang were just telling me that you're a thoughtful and swift helper...
:'''Yuanfeng:''' That cycrane is a cunning one. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|If it sees someone coming to catch it, it will assert that you've found the wrong cycrane}}. But the thing about this cycrane is that it's a chatterbox and always {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|pesters people with its made-up stories}}. That's its signature characteristic.
:'''Yuanfeng:''' I'm sure this won't be much of a challenge for you. So, can you help me catch that pesky cycrane? Thank you in advance.
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 265,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 801326712
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 265,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 801326713
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 265,
			"GroupNpcID": 400003,
			"TalkSentenceID": 801326714
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
