<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014163
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Planar Infinity
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Planar Infinity]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Simulated Universe]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Simulated Universe
|prev          = Planar Infinity
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Planar Infinity]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:'''Herta:''' "Well, I made some edits to the Cosmic Big Lotto and wanted to use it to get more Curios from the universe." Herta explains half-heartedly. "My intent was perfectly fine. I just... can't fix it myself anymore... It's all up to you, (Trailblazer)."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did you edit?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't wanna fix it.
::'''Herta:''' "No way." Herta's eyes are shifting around, seemingly trying to deny the truth.
:'''Herta:''' "Anyways. It can't get destroyed anymore." Herta snickers and points out the issue. "Why don't you give it a go? You can get {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|endless Curios}} &mdash; and help me gain even more! The worst that can happen is you losing HP. It's the Simulated Universe anyway. Not like you'll actually get blown up. Anyways, that's all. Bye."
:'''Herta:''' "I suddenly had a brilliant idea." Herta suddenly pops up. "Didn't Screwy say last time that the Simulated Universe's storage function still needs iterating? We can actually use the code errors this time to verify the limit of the current 'RAM'!"
:'''Herta:''' "I want to see how crazy the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|memory leak}} can get with your data, (Trailblazer)!" Herta is interested! "I am going to save all of your glorious achievements! Rest assured. I'll reward you."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can save?
:'''Herta:''' "It's just an example. Something like that." Herta dismisses the notion. "The Simulated Universe is not a game. Don't let Stephen Lloyd hear you, otherwise he'd get excited just from hearing the word 'save'... That guy wants to make every game mode under the sun!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
