<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8022202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = The Legend of Galactic Baseballer
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Giovanni; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[The Legend of Galactic Baseballer]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Talk to Giovanni)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 801410106-->)
:::{{tx}}
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a screwed-up twist of fate...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do I see you everywhere?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Long time no see, Mr. Giovanni.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, wherever there is laughter, there {{Rubi|I|Fools}} will be. Besides, I invested in a project here in Penacony, so I wanted to check in on how it was doing.
:::'''Giovanni:''' ...A brand-new game, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''The Legend of Galactic Baseballer''}}! How about it, are you keen?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me more details.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds kinda sus...
::::'''Giovanni:''' My friend, caution is a good thing &mdash; but it can also make you miss out on a whole lot of fun!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now why does that name sound familiar...
::::'''Giovanni:''' Don't worry, my dear friend &mdash; I'll fill you in nice and slow.
:::'''Giovanni:''' This is the new project that I'm sponsoring in Penacony, and it's a different game from Aetherium Wars. We use the unique Dreamscape tech of Penacony to create a completely immersive experience &mdash; and of course, you don't even need friends to play it. It's a single-player game!
:::'''Giovanni:''' The open beta is out now. How about it, wanna try out this new gameplay?
:::'''Giovanni:''' Good evening, {{MC|m=dashing sir|f=lovely miss}}. I've heard so much about the Astral Express but never imagined meeting you in this little Dreamscape here...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Please allow me to introduce myself first: My humble name is Giovanni di Giorgio da Epsilon, and I'm a tiny private trader from Epsilon.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Unless I'm mistaken, you're here to try out {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''The Legend of Galactic Baseballer''}}, right?
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 801410106-->)
:::{{tx}}
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ''The Legend of Galactic Baseballer''?
::::'''Giovanni:''' That's right!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds kinda sus...
::::'''Giovanni:''' My friend, caution is a good thing &mdash; but it can also make you miss out on a whole lot of fun!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now why does that name sound familiar...
::::'''Giovanni:''' Don't worry, my dear friend &mdash; I'll fill you in nice and slow.
:::'''Giovanni:''' This is the new project that we're sponsoring in Penacony &mdash; a brand-new game!
:::'''Giovanni:''' We use the unique Dreamscape tech of Penacony to create a completely immersive experience &mdash; and of course, you don't even need friends to play it. It's a single-player game!
:::'''Giovanni:''' The open beta is out now. How about it, wanna try out the experience?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm down to play!
:::'''Giovanni:''' Fantastic! Right now, ''The Legend of Galactic Baseballer'' is still under development, and we need more testing to get more user feedback and suggestions.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, I have a bone to pick with you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Someone plagiarized my name!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Using my name is one thing, but not giving me compensation!?
:::'''Giovanni:''' About that... we haven't been able to find any registration for {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Galactic Baseballer}} in either Epsilon's copyright protection ordinances or in the Penacony registry of IP.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Also, we prefer an alternative term: Something like a flattering '''homage'''.
:'''Giovanni:''' If the famed Galactic Baseballer is willing to personally participate in the test, I would be delighted to prepare a gift for you.
::'''Giovanni:''' What say you, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} Baseballer?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
::'''Giovanni:''' No problem! Please ask me anything. Which part would you like me to begin with?
::{{tx}}
:'''Giovanni:''' Mmm? Any more questions?
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Where do I play the game?
::'''Giovanni:''' Great question! We tried developing it on a dream bubble supplied by a sponsor, but... *sigh* the content on that dream bubble was a little bit too exciting to be made available to the public.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of game is this?
::'''Giovanni:''' Let's see... How did we put it in the tagline...
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there any remuneration for helping out with testing?
::'''Giovanni:''' Of course! Test rewards will gradually unlock as you progress through the game.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's all the questions I have.
::'''Giovanni:''' Alright, well, a picture paints a thousand words. I can talk all day, or you can experience it for yourself.
::{{tx}}

:{{tx}}
:'''Giovanni:''' The testing has finished. How'd you find it? How was the experience?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I kinda want more...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Terrible! I want a refund!
:'''Giovanni:''' Haha, I'll pass that feedback to the devs exactly as it is.
:'''Giovanni:''' I have to ask the participants of the first test a few routine questions &mdash; it's also to collect feedback on the game's user experience.
:'''Giovanni:''' Question one: Did you have fun?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was fun! And I want to play more!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's mid, and a little uninspired.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Trashcans are more interesting than this.
:'''Giovanni:''' Next up is question two: As a player, would you be willing to pay for this game?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd snatch it up!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any money...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No worries. I'll get the money. Somehow.
:'''Giovanni:''' Oh... is that so?
:'''Giovanni:''' And the final question. I'm really curious about your answer to this one:
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Select the golden bat and become the top baseballer in the universe...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pick the dark bat and become the greatest villain in all the cosmos...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pick your own bat, and become a righteous person...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Spurn arms and take up the pen: Become the literary hero of the cosmos!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wouldn't design it like this at the start.
::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, very constructive criticism! I'll consider it.
:'''Giovanni:''' It's getting late and I have to get this feedback back to the developers for them to run their changes.
:'''Giovanni:''' I hope they can get things done before project delivery. Y'know, the other sponsors aren't nearly as nice as I am.
:'''Giovanni:''' Before you go &mdash; take this. It's a bonus present especially for the Galactic Baseballer!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh wow, I'm sooo "Elated" now...
:'''Giovanni:''' Haha, thanks for the compliment. That's the best praise ever for {{Rubi|us|Fools}}.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
