<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Old Friends, New Friends?]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Litter Pony; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Administrative District]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Administrative District
|prev          = Old Friends, New Friends?
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G245)
:The agreement was that you would borrow the Magic of Friendship from your Belobogian friends, but your "friends" are nowhere to be seen...
::'''Litter Pony:''' Alright, let's get started!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about my friends?
::'''Litter Pony:''' Ta-da! Your friend is me!
::'''Litter Pony:''' Look at the trashcans next to you... I am a consciousness born in the "Betweenwhere" after this trashcan was distorted.
::'''Litter Pony:''' No one ever paid me any mind. I was curled up in a corner as a can, silently at the mercy of the city's exhaust fumes.
::'''Litter Pony:''' Only you were willing to open me up and get familiar with my insides. My black plastic sack, my fish bones, my apple cores, every part of me...
::'''Litter Pony:''' You know my insides better than anyone. Surely you are not going to stand here and pretend we are no more than strangers, are you? You... {{MC|f=heartbreaker|m=jerk}}!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will take responsibility!
:::'''Litter Pony:''' You know how to sweet talk when you need to. You must have broken many hearts in your time!
:::'''Litter Pony:''' Ah, guess I have no choice but to let it slide and make do.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't! It wasn't me! Don't come any closer!
:::'''Litter Pony:''' Quit trying to make excuses! I've seen your charming form as you dived into a trashcan up close and personal!
::'''Litter Pony:''' Let's show our Proof of Friendship! There's no time to explain. Open up the lid on my head and unleash that trashcan-diving vigor of yours...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Comply)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Refuse)
::'''Litter Pony:''' The Magic of Friendship never lies. I knew we are best friends.
::'''Litter Pony:''' Now, my friend, let us battle side-by-side! Let us purify these terrible "Betweenwhere creatures"!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Enter Battle)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>


:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Manifest "Magic of Friendship"
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Entrance.ActivitySummonEntrancePage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "1"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMunicipalEnable",
			"Visible": true
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
