<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024206
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Old Friends, New Friends?]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bronya; Litter Pony; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Rivet Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Rivet Town
|prev          = Old Friends, New Friends?
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G121)
:You see a person and a trashcan standing on the platform in front of the orphanage, laughing and talking as they stare into the distance.
::'''Bronya:''' (Trailblazer), it's been a while! Please say hello to the Express Crew for me when you see them.
::'''Bronya:''' Mr. Litter Pony has explained the situation to me. Fortunately, it seems there is a solution to all these recent strange happenings. Looks like we're counting on you once more.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake.
:::'''Bronya:''' I'd like to thank you for all your effort too, Mr. Pony... Thank you for thinking of Belobog's safety.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm being forced to do this.
:::'''Bronya:''' But the fact that you have chosen to be here now proves that you are still willing to help Belobog resolve this problem, wouldn't you agree?
:::'''Litter Pony:''' My friend, it is okay to take credit for good deeds! Just admit that you are the kind of person that is extremely concerned for others!
::'''Bronya:''' When you mentioned the Magic of Friendship, so many memories came flooding back to me. Before I knew it, I had been talking non-stop for ages with Mr. Pony. Sorry for getting carried away and rambling.
::'''Litter Pony:''' I was honored that you would share all this with me... This elegant young lady has made a new, like-minded friend and has been able to reunite with an old one, too.
::'''Bronya:''' Every experience is truly a Proof of Friendship that should be treasured. I have learned a lot through meeting all of you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Like how to unite our efforts with our hearts aligned.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Like how to swear in foul language.
::'''Bronya:''' This picture on Mr. Litter Pony's body... is that me?
::'''Litter Pony:''' That's right. I will also inherit part of your combat style.
::'''Litter Pony:''' (Trailblazer), are you ready?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Enter Battle)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Manifest "Magic of Friendship"
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Entrance.ActivitySummonEntrancePage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "4"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Bronya)
:'''Bronya:''' If you bring Seele along, I'm curious about how her abstract portrait would look like... Actually, the more I talk about it, the more I want to see it. If it's not too much trouble, would you take me with you to see her?

;(Talk to Bronya)
:'''Bronya:''' This fighting style... I never imagined that I would have such an extreme side.
:You feel like you can see the shadow of someone else...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
