<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Festive Revelry
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Festive Revelry]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Silver Wolf; Trailblazer; Zhaoxia
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Skysplitter]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Skysplitter
|prev          = Festive Revelry
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Festive Revelry]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:{{tx}}
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Congrats, (Trailblazer)! You're our Normal Mode runner-up at our temple fair speedrun competition!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There were only two competitors...
::'''Zhaoxia:''' Come now, give yourself a pat on your back! You're a bona fide runner-up!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aw yeah! I came in second!
::'''Zhaoxia:''' That's right! You're a bona fide runner-up!
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's the champion?
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Me, of course. Who else could it be?
:'''Silver Wolf:''' And here I was thinking, why is there another real player in this abandoned Empathic Immersia... I guess no one else would be this bored besides you, (Trailblazer).
:'''Zhaoxia:''' So you know each other! I called it &mdash; GOATs of the game world clop together.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It must be hard for you, playing this bad game.
::'''Silver Wolf:''' Bad game? Not really. These mini-games actually have quite a few design aspects worth noting.
::What are you doing on the Luofu?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing on the Luofu?
:'''Silver Wolf:''' I heard you were joining the Wardance, and two whose-names-I-won't-mention insisted that I checked in on you... So annoying. Why couldn't those girls make the trip themselves?
:'''Silver Wolf:''' I'd also like to add that you only cleared Easy Mode. This Empathic Immersia also has a Hard Mode &mdash; I spent a little more time clearing those levels.
:'''Silver Wolf:''' I think it's pretty fun. You can give it a shot if you're interested.
:'''Zhaoxia:''' That's right! The speedrun champion for hard mode is Miss Silver Wolf! Who will our runner-up be? How exciting!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why can't I beat her and become champion?
::'''Silver Wolf:''' Haha, in your dreams.
::Who will it be? So exciting!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who will it be? So exciting!
:'''Silver Wolf:''' You need to stop with the awkward lines. It's making me cringe.
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Anyway, it's good to see you're still in one piece. That's mission accomplished for me.
:'''Silver Wolf:''' I'm going to stop by at a few more immersia theaters, so you take your time and have fun. I'll come look for you when I've got time.
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Take care, champ!
:'''Zhaoxia:''' (Trailblazer), would you like me to activate Hard mode for you now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can hardly wait.
:{{tx}}
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Congrats! You're our Hard Mode runner-up at our temple fair speedrun competition!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I already told you. There were only two contenders...
::'''Silver Wolf:''' So what if there are only two contenders? Do you think any average player is qualified to be my runner-up? Be more confident!
::I'll defeat Silver Wolf sooner or later!
::'''Silver Wolf:''' You probably don't have any chance to defeat me in games. Maybe we can compete in other things next time. What about stuff like competitive eating? Maybe you'd stand a chance.
::Aw yeah! I came in second!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll defeat Silver Wolf sooner or later!
::'''Silver Wolf:''' You probably don't have any chance to defeat me in games. Maybe we can compete in other things next time. What about stuff like competitive eating? Maybe you'd stand a chance.
::Aw yeah! I came in second!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aw yeah! I came in second!
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Woah, you're clearing levels faster than I thought. You're pretty good, if I'm being honest.
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Miss Silver Wolf? Why are you back?
:'''Silver Wolf:''' The monitoring trojan that I injected into the immersia notified me that someone had cleared Hard Mode, so I came to offer my congratulations.
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Eh? You injected... a monitoring trojan...?
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Don't worry, it's harmless. I've just deleted it &mdash; both the trojan and any evidence.
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Hahaha... It's fine. You two are the only players anyway. I don't think there will be a third in the future.
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Honestly, these little puzzles from Xianzhou are pretty fun. Are you gonna do this temple fair again next year?
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Beats me, but I bet we will keep it going. I mean, it's a tradition that's been carried on for 10,000 years. We can't just stop doing it all of a sudden.
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Good to hear. Remember to invite me next time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please don't invite me again.
::'''Silver Wolf:''' Doesn't matter. I can play by myself just the same.
::Make sure to invite me too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Make sure to invite me too.
:'''Silver Wolf:''' Sure. I'll show you who's the real god of puzzle games.
:'''Zhaoxia:''' Ah... I'm so thankful for you two. Thanks for not minding our low-budget trash game.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
