<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024208
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Farewell, My Litter Pony]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Litter Pony; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = Farewell, My Litter Pony
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Litter Pony)
:'''Litter Pony:''' You came! My dear (Trailblazer), have you come to fight by my side once more?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How are the dark shadows now?
::'''Litter Pony:''' They've started learning from the very basics... How to speak, how to respect other people, how to not use their claws when playing.
::'''Litter Pony:''' Like children in kindergarten? Or... like kittens?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there a way for you to leave the Betweenwhere?
::'''Litter Pony:''' Hmm... I've actually never thought about this question before.
::'''Litter Pony:''' I hear... It is no more than a rumor, but... It is said that in the physical world, there exists a Trashcan Fairy. With their power, it could be possible for entities like us to be transformed from fantasy creatures into material beings.
::'''Litter Pony:''' Although, this is all just a fairy tale from my world... Fairy tales aren't something to be believed, though, are they?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (The power to transform a trashcan from a fantasy world into a material being...)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (If that's the case, it sounds like this Trashcan Fairy... may be some kind of History Fictionologist?)
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Am I able to go to your world?
::'''Litter Pony:''' A fine question... If everything in the Betweenwhere is a consciousness formed from a distortion of the physical world...
::'''Litter Pony:''' Then there must be... a distorted version of you that already exists in my world! Of course, this is all purely theoretical, hahaha!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} You should get some good rest.
::'''Litter Pony:''' You are welcome any time, my friend.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
