<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024204
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Old Friends, New Friends?]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Litter Pony; Sampo; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = Old Friends, New Friends?
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G179)
:Looking at the man before you, you're shocked that Litter Pony would call him along for this... Would you consider him your "friend"?
::'''Sampo:''' Woah, if it isn't (Trailblazer), my favorite customer!
::'''Sampo:''' You came to the right person for a Proof of Friendship! I'm your trustworthy old Sampo after all, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you really see trust when you look in my eyes?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Sampo" and "trustworthy" have the opposite meaning.
::'''Sampo:''' My friend, how can you be so cruel? Think about it. Isn't the essence of friendship just mutual benefit?
::'''Sampo:''' No matter how you look at it, our relationship meets the standard definition of "friendship" in every way. You pay with money, and I pay with effort. Is this not friendship in its purest, most perfect form?
::'''Litter Pony:''' I can't say that sounds pure to me, but I still sense... a bittersweet friendship between you.
::'''Litter Pony:''' (Trailblazer), how do you think you would be able to obtain your Proof of Friendship?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Strain to recall good points on Sampo)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Buy Proof of Friendship from Sampo)
::'''Sampo:''' That's more like it. Welcome to the adults' world!
::'''Litter Pony:''' Here, (Trailblazer). This is what you wanted &mdash; the stuff only adults can see.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Enter Battle)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Manifest "Magic of Friendship"
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Entrance.ActivitySummonEntrancePage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "3"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMunicipalEnable",
			"Visible": true
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Sampo)
:'''Sampo:''' Friend, there is no need to be anxious. I will not charge any extra fees, even if I am made to wait a little longer. See, don't you think I am a great friend?

;(Talk to Litter Pony)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Main.ActivitySummonMainPage",
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Sampo)
:'''Sampo:''' If a friend is in trouble, I will always rush to their aid! See, even if it means infiltrating the enemy and taking them down from the inside!
:...Truly a fighting style fitting for his personality...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
