<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024205
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Old Friends, New Friends?]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Litter Pony; Pela; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Administrative District]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Administrative District
|prev          = Old Friends, New Friends?
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G240)
:{{tx}}
::Seeing this human and trashcan engaged in heated conversation, you can't help but be curious about what common language a trashcan could have with a Silvermane Guard Intelligence Officer.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you two talking about?
::'''Pela:''' (Trailblazer), long time no see! Welcome back to Belobog!
::'''Pela:''' I was just having a fascinating conversation with Pony. It turns out that we like a lot of the same works, and he even generously gifted me an autographed painting... I never thought I'd see fresh new works from such an obscure fandom. I'm so happy!
::'''Litter Pony:''' I should be the one thanking you for taking my recommendation, Miss Pela. What were we talking about just now? Oh, that's right, we were discussing the Magic of Friendship.
::'''Pela:''' There was once a popular anime that was all about using the Magic of Friendship to save the world: The characters would set out on exciting adventures with their best friends, and could also wield wonderful magical techniques...
::'''Pela:''' I actually... wrote a few fanfics about this anime, too. I never imagined that this kind of magic really existed!
::'''Pela:''' If it's possible, I would love the chance to... experience this for myself. Please tell me how I can use this Magic of Friendship!
::'''Litter Pony:''' That will not be a problem for you, Miss Pela! It's time to test Miss Pela's Proof of Friendship. What do you think a girl like her should do...?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Share her fanfics with her friends.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Become a magical girl with her friends!
::'''Pela:''' Is that all I needed to do?
::'''Pela:''' This is my... Magic of Friendship?
::'''Litter Pony:''' That's right! Now, you are a true magical girl, Miss Pela! It's time for you to join the real battlefield and defeat these "Betweenwhere intruders" by my side!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Enter Battle)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 1
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Manifest "Magic of Friendship"
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Entrance.ActivitySummonEntrancePage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "5"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": [],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMunicipalEnable",
			"Visible": true
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Pela)
:'''Pela:''' Once we've defeated these dark shadows, I want to try and get an autographed picture for Lynxy too. Do you think... Mr. Pony will agree?

;(Talk to Litter Pony)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Main.ActivitySummonMainPage",
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Pela)
:'''Pela:''' My Magic of Friendship attack isn't as cute as I imagined it would be... I wonder what Lynxy's would be like...
:(Pela seems a little disheartened.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
