<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=##
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8030305
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission .png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Enscrolled Crepusculum
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Enscrolled Crepusculum]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Urania
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = Enscrolled Crepusculum
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Enscrolled Crepusculum]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G214)
:{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceEndSeq",
	"BeforeCases": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
			"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
				"IsLocalPlayer": true,
				"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
				"AreaName": {
					"Value": "LevelArea_P20411_F20411001_G214"
				},
				"AnchorName": {
					"Value": "Anchor1"
				},
				"ResetTurnInPlace": true
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{tx}}
:The child who disappeared into the bustling market earlier on suddenly appears before you again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where have you been?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Here comes the loot ninja.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your SPD is pretty maxed out.
:'''Urania:''' Sorry, {{MC|f=big sis|m=big bro}}, please hear me out...
:'''Urania:''' The gods' eyes are ever lonely. Our years in the flux of time are but a speck of dust, floating about in Oronyx's billows.
:'''Urania:''' We were blown to a mortal's grave yesterday, and drift to a godly palace today. We see justice, hysteria, glory, betrayal, madness... but we have no right to judge.
:'''Urania:''' Because eyes have no stance nor purpose, only the duty of observance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What eyes? What duty?
::'''Urania:''' "...The Eye of Twilight is all-seeing, its vision as far-reaching as the sky dome..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm mad bright. How can I be dust?
::'''Urania:''' ...True.
::So some weird kid is dishing out riddles now?
::'''Urania:''' Ah, they're just warnings from elders at home.
::'''Urania:''' "...The Eye of Twilight is all-seeing, its vision as far-reaching as the sky dome..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So some weird kid is dishing out riddles now?
::'''Urania:''' Ah, they're just warnings from elders at home.
::'''Urania:''' "...The Eye of Twilight is all-seeing, its vision as far-reaching as the sky dome..."
:'''Urania:''' My clan is the eye of Aquila in the mortal realm. Even though they have closed their hundred eyes, we still persist in our duties.
:'''Urania:''' I wanted to impart this sacred duty to {{MC|f=big sis|m=big bro}}, but it looks like I've picked the wrong person &mdash; you are not a silent "spectator."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Obviously not. I'm the main character.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course not. I'm not mute.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A narrative without interaction is so passé!
:'''Urania:''' Heh heh, if we do meet again, I hope you will let {{Rubi|my master|Eye of Twilight}} see even greater things.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
