<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050032
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Lukacs; Mare; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*1; Core of Ice*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Mare of the Department of Insight

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Mare of the Department of Insight{{subst:void|<!--405003202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Speak with the elder of the Department of Insight, Mare, and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Mare)
:'''Mare:''' In what field of study? I am not a general scholar...
:'''Mare:''' If I can't answer your questions, please ask the other researchers.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 200030405-->)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you like cats?
:::'''Mare:''' Huh? How did you know that?
:::'''Mare:''' Cats... How can anyone resist cats? They are so cute and charming, and their purring even helps with sleep.
:::'''Mare:''' Pity I have no time to look after a real cat... But I collected lots of cat videos, stickers, and photos. Just looking at them makes me happy.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You've always been researching Aeons?
:::'''Mare:''' Mmm, but it's all a bit superficial, like reading and writing research papers.
:::'''Mare:''' I am very interested in everything related to the Aeons, but there are too many materials to read... I don't know when I can finish them all.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you have any books to recommend?
:::'''Mare:''' Books? I do read... a lot, but those books are all related to Aeons.
:::'''Mare:''' The series The Fall of The Aeons – A Discussion on Cosmic Traditions is pretty good and easy to understand. It's just a bit long...
:::'''Mare:''' Examples of Cosmic Legends: A Collection of Aeon References in Myths is also quite good. You can try that book when you have time.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't think I have anything to ask.
:::'''Mare:''' Okay. You can come find me again if you have any other questions about the Aeons.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 200030405-->)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who is the lord you were talking about?
:::'''Mare:''' Oh! Are you also interested in the invasion? That was a huge event!
:::'''Mare:''' The enemies in the Legion are cosmic weapons made of antimatter. Do you know what that means?
:::'''Mare:''' It echos the infatuation and disaster in the Mystic Scroll of Aeons! As a result, I've come to this conclusion...
:::'''Mare:''' These invaders are followers of Nanook the Destruction! This can't be wrong!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is the Mystic Scroll of Aeons?
:::'''Mare:''' It's a long story. You can say it's a record of cultures related to Aeons.
:::'''Mare:''' It is written in a very obscure fashion. Even though I've spent countless days and nights studying it, I can only understand a fraction of its philosophy.
:::'''Mare:''' But one very important thing is that the content of the Mystic Scroll of Aeons is based on facts, not groundless fabrications.
:::'''Mare:''' This Legion is the best way to prove this!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you seen that lord?
:::'''Mare:''' Have I seen that lord? What are you talking about?
:::'''Mare:''' In ancient times, people were not aware of the exact nature of the sun but they still worshiped the Sun God. For them, the idea of approaching the scorching sun is too much for them to handle.
:::'''Mare:''' I am already happy that I managed to find clues about the existence of Aeons.
:::'''Mare:''' If... If I am really being watched by the great Aeons... Heheh...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't think I have anything to ask.
:::'''Mare:''' Please contact me if you have any other clues about the Aeons!
:::'''Mare:''' Preferably right away, and only me!

;(Talk to Lukacs)
:'''Lukacs:''' Any questions you have, my friend. I will tell you everything I know to solve all the questions in your heart.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures?
::'''Lukacs:''' Good question! Only by understanding the motives behind the actions can mutual understanding be truly achieved.
::'''Lukacs:''' Among the countless Curio collections of the space station, life does not only exist in the human receptacle.
::'''Lukacs:''' They often inhabit places that humans can't imagine &mdash; such as a table or a cup.
::'''Lukacs:''' However, just because their appearances are not understood by humans, their lives are not valued!
::'''Lukacs:''' How ridiculous? How can anyone segregate life into different levels just because of their external forms?
::'''Lukacs:''' For this very reason, I decided to establish the Mimicry Protection Association to protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you done as the president of the Mimicry Protection Association?
::'''Lukacs:''' I am powerless on my own. My influence may disappoint you.
::'''Lukacs:''' But I swear on my soul that I never treated this matter with any less importance. Every day, I work hard to promote the Mimicry Protection Association!
::'''Lukacs:''' Other than recruiting like-minded people like now, I also compiled the ''Robot Slavery Abolition Act''. Although it is only a draft, I've got the preliminary framework set up.
::'''Lukacs:''' Have some faith in the future. I'm sure we can change this cold-blooded status quo!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the other people's perspectives on your actions?
::'''Lukacs:''' Unfortunately, most of the researchers here are selfish. They care too much about short-term interests. They are more willing to put their efforts into things like promotion and salary.
::'''Lukacs:''' I'll be honest with you. They think my idea is premature and unrealistic.
::'''Lukacs:''' But fortunately, once in a while I meet people like you who share the ambition. It gives me faith to stick to the right path.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Lukacs:''' Although we didn't chat long, I can feel that you already understood everything I try to express.
::'''Lukacs:''' I hope we can make more efforts in protecting the rights and interests of non-human creatures in the future!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
