<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050035
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Maintenance Engineer; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Sparse Aether*2; Quantum Ripples*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find the maintenance engineer from the Maintenance Department

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the maintenance engineer from the Maintenance Department{{subst:void|<!--405003502-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Speak with the maintenance engineer and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Maintenance Engineer)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 500002400-->)
::{{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting staffAH 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting staffAH 102.ogg}} '''Maintenance Engineer:''' Everyone is just data... Everyone. And she... She is no exception.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you in love? Who is "she"?
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Someone who broke my heart. Someone who made me laugh and cry. Someone who I longed for day and night.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' And these three people respectively are... Aw, forget it. You're just a random stranger, so you wouldn't understand even if I told you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Data"? What data?
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Data relies upon a terminal device to sustain the will of the space station.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' These are the truths that uphold the world. Those who fail to understand the laws of data are doomed to be deceived by the world.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The light in here isn't as harsh as it is in other cabins. It's nice.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 500002400-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 500002401
}</pre>
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
