<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050033
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gunn; Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Sparse Aether*2; Eye of Lightning*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Gunn of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Gunn of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics{{subst:void|<!--405003302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Speak with the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, Gunn, and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Sheila)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What action will the Department of Galactic Geopolitics take?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm just a guide. Specific policies and strategies will be decided by the founder, Mr. Gunn.
::'''Sheila:''' But I believe the Department of Galactic Geopolitics will certainly try its best to make up for this disaster.
::'''Sheila:''' If you are not well mentally, I can help you relieve some stress. This is the least I can do for the space station.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually do psychological counseling for everyone?
::'''Sheila:''' Normally I prefer to do thought experiments, such as short quiz questions.
::'''Sheila:''' Thought experiments can exercise people's mental capacity and help me understand them. It helps me to get along with the researchers.
::'''Sheila:''' When the crisis passes, would you like to have a try?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Gunn...
::'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn is the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. He is very wise and philosophical.
::'''Sheila:''' I am sure you will gain a lot of interesting knowledge if you talk to him more.
::'''Sheila:''' Especially about Fool's Play. I don't think anyone will know more about it than him.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Sheila:''' It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Sheila doing well?
::'''Gunn:''' It depends on how you define "well."
::'''Gunn:''' She doesn't remember what happened before and doesn't have anything to worry about, so I'd say she is "doing well."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I think I saw Sheila again.
::'''Gunn:''' Yes. She's a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and the Department can't function without her.
::'''Gunn:''' But you probably also know she is no longer Prototype 157.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans?
::'''Gunn:''' I'm getting old, and I don't have much that I want anymore. A peaceful life is good enough.
::'''Gunn:''' I might train some students if I have the time. I heard... that some young researchers are apparently very interested in working on androids.
::'''Gunn:''' Given an opportunity, I would like to teach them a thing or two... Ahh, after all, everyone has regrets.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Gunn:''' Good. Do come back more often to chat with me, child.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
