<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050030
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Wen Mingde
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*1; Protein Rice*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Wen Mingde of Department of Implement Arts

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Wen Mingde of Department of Implement Arts{{subst:void|<!--405003002-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|Speak with the head of Department of Implement Arts, Wen Mingde, and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Wen Mingde)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Herta Department of Implement Arts?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Ha! An important department within the space station, Implement Arts is. We oversee the incoming and outgoing of all our assets, including inventory checks and counts.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Furthermore, we maintain close communications with Interastral Peace Corporation. For someone as well-traveled as yourself, I'm sure you've heard of our reputation.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Curio Collection Squad?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' The Curio Collection Squad is a temporary emergency unit established by the space station to address the needs of the post-disaster revival.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' As the name suggests, it is mainly responsible for collecting the Curios that have been displaced due to the recent monster invasion.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Safe zone?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' It is the very ground on which we stand. The stronghold from which the space station researchers fought back against the Antimatter Legion.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Although the situation is generally under control, the monsters have not been completely wiped out.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' The safe zone is the result of our transition plan, for us to take back all the lost zones. I am confident all the dots will eventually be connected.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Good. For any questions you may encounter in the future, my young friend, please do not hesitate to come to me.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' In the future, there is much I must rely on you for.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
