<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050031
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bernard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Sparse Aether*2; Feather of Flame*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Bernard of the Department of Cosmic Geography

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Bernard of the Department of Cosmic Geography{{subst:void|<!--405003102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Speak with the veteran of Department of Cosmic Geography, Bernard, and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Bernard)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Any news about Rocky's whereabouts?
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, that ungrateful brat has long forgotten about me. He never sent me any messages, let alone his whereabouts. And here I am, logging onto the terminal every day to see whether there are any unread messages...
::'''Bernard:''' But... his vital signs always appear normal based on the reading. He's probably okay.
::'''Bernard:''' Maybe he's got a bad signal where he is.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is everything all right without Rocky around?
::'''Bernard:''' Ugh, don't even get me started. I was absolutely livid when I first realized Rocky had left.
::'''Bernard:''' Thankfully, my results from the Medical Department are pretty good, and I feel I'm in good enough health to wait for this silly boy's return.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Does anyone else know about this?
::'''Bernard:''' It doesn't matter, my silly apprentice is not in the space station anyway.
::'''Bernard:''' Besides, what use would that be even if they knew? It's not like they're gonna drag Rocky back...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Bernard:''' Ahhh, Rocky, my silly apprentice... I've never blamed you for leaving, but when are you coming back...?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
