<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050029
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Hinkel; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Sparse Aether*2; Virtual Particle*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Look for Hinkel of the Department of Ecology

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Look for Hinkel of the Department of Ecology{{subst:void|<!--405002902-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Speak with the head of Department of Ecology, Hinkel, and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Hinkel)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there anything I can help you with?
::'''Hinkel:''' I'm afraid not.
::'''Hinkel:''' As a guest from the Astral Express, you should stay in a safer area.
::'''Hinkel:''' This job is very dangerous. If anything happens to you, I really don't know how I would explain it to Asta.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It must be dangerous to establish safe zones, right?
::'''Hinkel:''' Remnants of the Legion are taking advantage of the complex terrain there to hide in.
::'''Hinkel:''' You might get ambushed if you are not careful.
::'''Hinkel:''' However, we will proceed with safety as our top priority. We are not in a rush. Don't worry.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the main aspects of the work regarding post-disaster recovery?
::'''Hinkel:''' Apart from infrastructure maintenance, the most important aspect is the staff's mental health.
::'''Hinkel:''' Disasters are physically destructive, but the buildings can be rebuilt. It is the human heart that is irreparable.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you for your hard work. I don't have any other questions.
::'''Hinkel:''' Thank you for your understanding. Please stay away from the affected areas that have not opened up yet. Stay safe.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
