<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050034
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Joanne; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*1; Vortex of Wind*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Joanne of the Medical Department

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Joanne of the Medical Department{{subst:void|<!--405003402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|Speak with the staff member of the Medical Department, Joanne, and help to replenish provisions on the Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Joanne)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 200030405-->)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You are slacking off again?
:::'''Joanne:''' ...What do you mean, slacking off? I'm Joanne from the Medical Department, and I've got a lot to do every day. I need time to relax... otherwise my body won't be able to handle it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you didn't rest for a long time?
:::'''Joanne:''' Ooh, don't get me started. I'd been working 24/7 before I burnt out.
:::'''Joanne:''' If you knew this, then just leave me alone. I need to rest...
:::'''Joanne:''' It's worse to disturb someone trying to sleep than wake up someone already asleep.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} So, you got the "memetic virus"?
:::'''Joanne:''' ...Even you are in the know? It must be those blabbermouths at the medical department.
:::'''Joanne:''' Ugh, this is so unfair. I have no idea how I even got this darn thing.
:::'''Joanne:''' Mercifully, it turned out to be a blessing in disguise. I got to take a few days off, and finally got a good night's sleep...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I better leave you alone then.
:::'''Joanne:''' Sure, you go ahead. I need to get some rest before my next shift.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 200030405-->)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a doctor?
:::'''Joanne:''' I'm Joanne, a member of the Medical Department... My scope of work... may be even more complicated than the doctors'.
:::'''Joanne:''' Don't come to me if you are not feeling well. I'm only responsible for the patients under my scope of work. I don't take care of any random people I bump into.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You look sleepy.
:::'''Joanne:''' I'm glad you noticed. Stop talking to me then. Disturbing a person who is trying to sleep is even worse than waking up someone who's already asleep.
:::'''Joanne:''' Hey, what's that distrustful and concerned look on your face?
:::'''Joanne:''' Although I easily feel sleepy at work, I take my job very seriously! Don't think of me as some stupid doctor who would leave hemostatic cotton inside their patient!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You look busy.
:::'''Joanne:''' I'm glad you noticed. Then leave me alone.
:::'''Joanne:''' I am either delivering or going to deliver medicine. They should've assigned this job to a robot, right?
:::'''Joanne:''' If it wasn't for the Legion's invasion, this kind of thing wouldn't have become my duty.
:::'''Joanne:''' I wish the lead researcher can fix the robot distribution system as soon as possible.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I better leave you alone.
:::'''Joanne:''' If you are not feeling well, do not ask for me in the Medical Department. I am very busy.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
|zhs  = 出门靠朋友
|zht  = 出外靠朋友
|ja   = 家を出れば友達が頼り
|ko   = 밖에선 친구에게 의지해야 해
|es   = Para eso están los amigos
|fr   = C'est dans le besoin qu'on reconnaît ses amis
|ru   = Друг познаётся в беде
|th   = เพื่อนในยามยากคือเพื่อนแท้
|vi   = Ra Đường Nhờ Bạn Bè
|de   = Wahre Freunde erkennt man in der Not
|id   = Mengandalkan Teman
|pt   = Amigo Estou Aqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
