<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Teacher and a Friend#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2020401
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Teacher and a Friend.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Humming Antlers, Entwined Horns]]'' completed
|summary       = Chengjie gathered his courage and committed to completing his master's unfinished design.<br />Like any inspirational story, Chengjie found renewed energy and determination.
|characters    = Back'n; Chengjie; Food Stall Owner; Forth; Mengming; Qingque; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Artisanship Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Artisanship Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*1; Strale*25; Credit*15,000
}}
'''''A Teacher and a Friend''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Head to the Artisanship Commission and find Qingque
# Look for Master Ryan's manuscript in the Sapientia Academe
# Find the correct manuscript from the variety of manuscripts
# Hand the damaged manuscript to Chengjie
# Bring a dejected Chengjie to Starskiff Haven to clear his mind
# Head to the bridge above Starskiff Haven and look at the passing starskiffs
# Hand the IPC Designer Invite to Chengjie
# Head toward Stargazer Navalia
# Locate a Growing Starskiff: Germination Phase
# Take a photo of a starskiff in its germination phase
# Locate a Growing Starskiff: Embryonic Phase
# Take a photo of a starskiff in its embryonic phase
# Locate a Growing Starskiff: Nutritive Phase
# Take a photo of a starskiff in its nutritive phase
# Locate a Growing Starskiff: Forming Phase
# Take a photo of Chengjie with a starskiff

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Artisanship Commission and find Qingque{{subst:void|<!--202040102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|update|Qingque from the Divination Commission has been sent by the master diviner to assess the site post-disaster and seems to have run into some troubles that are "beyond her scope of work," requiring your help.<br />Speaking of, what is Qingque's scope of work? Isn't it to oversee the repository?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 54
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Qingque:''' You're here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Heard you've got some problems you'd like a hand with?
:'''Qingque:''' It's not so much a problem for me, as it is for this guy... Since Master Chengjie is here now, maybe he can talk about it himself?
:'''Chengjie:''' I'm just a young apprentice who cannot graduate, so I'm not qualified yet to lead any team. Please don't call me "Master."
:'''Qingque:''' I'm just saying it for convenience's sake. Don't worry about it, Chengjie.
:'''Chengjie:''' Ah, I remember you. You are the great hero Master Gongshu mentioned. He said you helped him fight off all the monnn~stersss~ in the commission.
:'''Chengjie:''' I really envy you. I can't do anything. I'm just a piece of trash wasting my days away at the Artisanship Commission... Every time I come across something dangerous, I flee in fear. I'm such a chicken, and I've got no sense of ar~ti~san~ship~...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you so self-pitying all of a sudden?
::'''Chengjie:''' It's not sudden at all. I've been depressed ever since I found out that I lost my master's manuscript.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that what Master Gongshu told you?
::'''Chengjie:''' Master Gongshu didn't say anything to me, but I know he's thinking it deep down.
::'''Chengjie:''' If I were a true~ ar~ti~san~, then there's no way I could've lost my master's manuscript.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fear of death is pretty normal.
::'''Qingque:''' Yep. Like, seriously, what's more normal than being afraid to die?
::'''Chengjie:''' ...But I was doing just that, and still lost my master's manuscript. It is absolutely unforgivable.
:'''Chengjie:''' The manuscript is my master's legacy work of his lifetime, and it's the only copy in the whole cosmos.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} During his lifetime? Do you mean Master Gongshu is dead?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Legacy work? What happened to Master Gongshu?
:'''Chengjie:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}, please get hold of yourself. The one who passed away is Master Ryan, a craftsman who used to be my mentor when I first joined the Artisanship Commission. It's not my current teacher, Master Gongshu.
:'''Chengjie:''' *sigh* My master's manuscript should have gone down in Xianzhou's history... but I was too busy saving my own skin and didn't take it out with me. I really am utt~er~ly~ use~less~
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why didn't you make a copy of something so important?
::'''Chengjie:''' I feel even worse now!
::'''Qingque:''' Well, if I were in his shoes and didn't save or back up any of the Divination Commission's files, I wouldn't even dare to sleep.
::'''Chengjie:''' What you said is true, but it's too late for regrets. It's impossible to make a copy of it now.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is this manuscript really that important?
::'''Chengjie:''' I am not very learned, and I've always felt intimidated and under-qualified to face this manuscript.
::'''Chengjie:''' That manuscript is Master Ryan's magnum opus. I thought that one day I'd be able to actualize its visions myself... But now I won't even get the chance to try.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just find that manuscript, and you'll be fine, right?
::'''Chengjie:''' But the Artisanship Commission is filled with uncontrolled ingenia, and abominations awakened by the Ambrosial Arbor... I dare not...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you'd like me to take over from here?
:::'''Chengjie:''' That's great, (Trailblazer). Are you really willing to help me find the lost manuscript?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Is this why you've invited me over, Qingque?
:::'''Qingque:''' Hmmm... I didn't expect things to turn out like this.
:::'''Qingque:''' Argh, don't mind me right now. Just help Chengjie find that manuscript.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see. If it's lost, it's lost.
:::'''Qingque:''' You're right. What's lost is lost.
:::'''Chengjie:''' ...Miss Qingque?
:::'''Qingque:''' But! (Trailblazer) has fought off the Abominations of Abundance before, recovered the Creation Furnace, and became a hero at the Artisanship Commission. Helping Chengjie find that manuscript should be a piece of cake that you'd never refuse, right?
:::'''Qingque:''' Right? Right? Riiight?
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Miss Qingque, are we pushing it too far?
::'''Qingque:''' Just let the right people handle the right things. Besides, it's too dangerous for you to go back alone.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I agree, but only on one condition.
:::'''Qingque:''' What condition?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must come with me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't even think about slacking off this time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm out. Ask someone else to help.
:::'''Qingque:''' Hey, let's talk this out instead of throwing in the towel, okay?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not unless Qingque comes with me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not fair if you are the only one who gets to slack off.
::'''Chengjie:''' Miss Qingque, I'm begging you!
::'''Qingque:''' Well, so much for my lazy day plans. Anyways, got any leads on the manuscript? Those manuscript thingies all seem identical to me.
::'''Chengjie:''' After Master Ryan passed, his manuscripts were packed away by the Artisanship Commission. It should be placed in the Sapientia Academe.
::'''Chengjie:''' My master's dream was to create a starskiff that nobody's ever seen before. There should be words like "Starskiff designs," "keel structure," "Starskiff engine" on his manuscript.
::'''Qingque:''' That's enough for us. If you keep using more of these fancy words, we ain't gonna understand anything. Let's just head out, (Trailblazer).
::----

;(Talk to Chengjie)
:'''Chengjie:''' Please, bring Mr. Ryan's manuscript back in one piece. I leave it in your capable hands.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Look for Master Ryan's manuscript in the Sapientia Academe{{subst:void|<!--202040103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|update|After understanding what plagues Chengjie, Qingque and you decide to help him out with recovering his master's manuscript.<br />Chengjie didn't want to go back to the Sapientia Academe because he didn't want to bother the Cloud Knights for something small like this... Do you feel angry at the way he didn't want to bother the Cloud Knights but is so nonchalant about bothering you?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; Mission_202040103_PropUITrigger)
:----
::'''Qingque:''' This is the Sapientia Academe. Stay sharp and expect the unexpected.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You go in and find the manuscript. I'll keep watch at the door.
:::'''Qingque:''' Alright. I'll go in there.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go in and find the manuscript. You keep watch at the door.
:::'''Qingque:''' You're so sweet. But I'm simply not qualified to help you watch the door.
:::'''Qingque:''' ...How about I go in and look for it. You keep watch out here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's both go in.
:::'''Qingque:''' Great. You take care of ninety percent of the area, and I'll take the rest. Go!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_friend_searching"
	},
	"EmitterType": "NPC",
	"GroupID": 54,
	"ID": 400005
}</pre>
::{{Black Screen|After a long period of rummaging around, the alarm was not triggered, and countless dusty old documents were unearthed.}}
::{{Black Screen|They're like toys that have been kicked under the sofa by some uninterested cat, with no chance of seeing the light of day.}}
::{{Black Screen|In addition to all the manuscripts lying about, there's an envelope titled {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|IPC Designer Invite}}. Judging by the date, it's already {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|over 120 years old}}.}}

;(Unused &mdash; Chengjie_RepeatTalk_PropUITrigger)
:'''Chengjie:''' Please, bring Mr. Ryan's manuscript back in one piece. I leave it in your capable hands.
----
:'''Qingque:''' It was pitch black in there, so to save trouble, I pulled out everything that looked like a design manuscript. Why don't we sift through these here and see which one of them is Mr. Ryan's?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have to help me look for it.
::'''Qingque:''' ...I don't plan on slacking off.
::'''Qingque:''' But you know how I am. I'm not exactly the most enthusiastic worker around here, so do try to cut me some slack. You were just starting to sound like the master diviner.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will do.
::'''Qingque:''' Alrighty then, I'll take a break and leave the rest to you.
::'''Qingque:''' If there's anything you don't understand, just ask, but I'm not too familiar with the documentation systems at the Artisanship Commission.
:'''Qingque:''' I often hear from mates that "messing with a craftsman's toolbox is like choking off a craftsman's neck." Once we find the right manuscript, we'll have to put the rest back promptly &mdash; otherwise, the Artisanship Commission folks will come after me.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the correct manuscript from the variety of manuscripts{{subst:void|<!--202040105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|update|Neither you nor Qingque is familiar with the manuscripts in the Artisanship Commission. Better to bring along all the manuscripts you can find before identifying the right one.<br />You flip the pages like a clueless investor picking flaws in a designer's work. It feels good.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Qingque:''' ...D&mdash;Darn it. I've got some bad news.
:'''Qingque:''' The starskiff design manuscript that Chengjie wanted is damaged... What should we do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just be honest and tell him the truth.
::'''Qingque:''' Oh no, this is bad... I'm gonna get blamed for this and go down in Xianzhou's history as an eternal sinner... Let's just go apologize now...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just say it got wrecked by some monsters long ago.
::'''Qingque:''' That's a good point. We can just blame it all on monsters. Even if we don't find it, they would have been all damaged by monsters.
::'''Qingque:''' Good, that's what we'll tell Chengjie.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's just pretend that we didn't find anything.
::'''Qingque:''' Are you telling me that we shouldn't even give him this damaged starskiff design manuscript...? That's wrong, isn't it?
::'''Qingque:''' It's my fault. My concerns have had you overthinking. We should just tell him the truth, and it's for the best.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hand the damaged manuscript to Chengjie{{subst:void|<!--202040108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|update|You managed to find Master Ryan's manuscript, but a sudden ambush damaged it.<br />However, what else could you have done? At least there were several complete pages left. Hand them all to Chengjie, at least you would've completed the task.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 54
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300009
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Chengjie:''' You're back. Did you find my master's manuscript for the starskiff?
:'''Qingque:''' About that, I'd like to explain a bit more in detail.
:'''Chengjie:''' Something happened to the manuscript? No way!
:'''Qingque:''' How to put this...
:{{Black Screen|Qingque tries to be as dramatic as possible while describing how the manuscript was retrieved. Chengjie seems to have a good idea of the situation after listening to everything.}}
:'''Chengjie:''' Thank you. At least you managed to bring back the remaining parts of the manuscript. But I should be blamed for this. If I had been more brave and taken the manuscript with me as I fled...
:'''Chengjie:''' Boo hoo wahh &mdash;
:'''Qingque:''' Chengjie, are you okay?
:'''Chengjie:''' Oh, I'm such a wimp. How can I be such a good-for-nothing? I keep saying I'm all about my master's manuscript and his dream, but all I did was sit here, waiting for you guys to do it for me.
:'''Chengjie:''' I can't even protect a manuscript. What kind of Artisanship Commission craftsman am I?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No need to beat yourself up.
::'''Chengjie:''' Master Ryan's mighty name reverberates down through the ages. All he left in his career as a craftsman was this manuscript, and yet I...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This has nothing to do with you being a craftsman.
::'''Chengjie:''' But every time I pick up my tools, I can only think of my master teaching me these artisan skills. And as soon as I think of these skills, I'll remember that I lost his final manuscript. I&mdash;I can't go on like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry about this accident.
::'''Chengjie:''' This isn't your fault. Mr. Ryan's damaged manuscript is absolutely positively my fault, so I'll take the blame.
:'''Qingque:''' ((Trailblazer), we can't let him be depressed like this. Say something, or I'll start feeling guilty.)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should complete the missing parts of the manuscript.
::'''Chengjie:''' No! Asking me to fill my master's shoes would be like asking a toddler to duplicate the most famous art piece in the world.
::'''Qingque:''' *sigh* If I'm in low spirits at work, I'll simply pick out a wide open space to take a wee stroll.
::'''Qingque:''' How about this? Let's put the manuscript aside and pick up the mood at Starskiff Haven, huh?
::'''Chengjie:''' I can't stay at the Artisanship Commission anymore. I'm homeless, and it doesn't matter where I go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Forget about the manuscript for now. Let's take a break!
::'''Qingque:''' Yes, yes. Let's go to Starskiff Haven. There's good food, fun stuff, and lots of people there.
::'''Chengjie:''' I don't think there's any need for that. But I can't stay at the Artisanship Commission anymore. I'm homeless, so it doesn't matter where I go.
:'''Qingque:''' Then let's head out! Destination: Starskiff Haven.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Bring a dejected Chengjie to Starskiff Haven to clear his mind{{subst:void|<!--202040109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Unable to deal with the loss, Chengjie sank into a state of despair. You and Qingque, being the good-natured people that you are, decided to bring Chengjie to have a walk.<br />Many people walk through Starskiff Haven daily. It can be a good place to calm down a bit... Then again, if you have social anxiety, being here may actually make you more anxious.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 76
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Qingque:''' Chengjie, don't be so crestfallen. Look, there's food and drink, there's the Sleepless Earl for tea, and there's Starwatcher Avenue for shopping. So, where do you wanna go?
:'''Chengjie:''' We can go wherever. Miss Qingque, you call the shots.
:'''Qingque:''' (Trailblazer), what do you want to do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go eat some snacks!
::'''Qingque:''' Alright, we'll go to a snacks stall and see if there's anything good to eat.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...
::'''Qingque:''' Come on, let's go!
::----
::'''Food Stall Owner:''' Berrypheasant skewers, tuskpir wraps, steamed puffergoat milk... plus the famous mystery steamed stuffed buns that everyone's been eating lately!
::'''Qingque:''' Chengjie, what do you want? It's my treat.
::'''Chengjie:''' Thanks, Miss Qingque. That's very generous. I... I don't want to eat anything.
::'''Food Stall Owner:''' It's okay if you don't wanna eat. You two, what do you want?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give me one of everything, thanks.
:::'''Qingque:''' How about you wait a bit and eat later... We'll lead Chengjie elsewhere and take a stroll.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to eat anything, either.
:::'''Qingque:''' Let's go. I wanna see if Chengjie has ideas about any other places.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Starskiff Haven... Starskiffs... I just want to see starskiffs soaring through space.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go to the Sleepless Earl and order a pot of tea!
::'''Qingque:''' I'm thinking a cup of Immortal's Delight tea would be good. Let's go.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...
::'''Qingque:''' Come on, let's go!
::----
::'''Mengming:''' Is there any tea you'd like to drink? I'm your server today.
::'''Qingque:''' Hey, Chengjie, you sit here and enjoy the tea, and I'll slip out to get some snacks...
::'''Chengjie:''' Thanks, Miss Qingque. That's very generous. But I don't want any tea or snacks.
::'''Mengming:''' I can see you have a lot on your mind, and I don't want to pressure you. Please take your seat and call me whenever you need.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Anyway, let's get a cup of Immortal's Delight!
:::'''Qingque:''' I want to drink some too, but if we only let Chengjie watch us two drinking... Well, it'd be putting the cart before the horse, wouldn't it?
:::'''Qingque:''' How about we go elsewhere for a walk?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps now is not the time to savor a pot of tea?
:::'''Qingque:''' You're right. How about we go elsewhere for a walk?
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Starskiff Haven... Starskiffs... I just want to see starskiffs soaring through space.
::'''Qingque:''' Let's go then. We can go to the bridge and watch from there.
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, oh, I know a comedy duo who does crosstalk!
::'''Qingque:''' Cool! Actually, I often binge watch immersias about comedy crosstalks at home, and they're so fun.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...
::'''Qingque:''' Come on, let's go!
::----
::'''Forth:''' ...Honestly, a lot of folks don't know that you and I go way back. We actually studied together.
::'''Back'n:''' Yep, that's right. We've studied under the same master.
::'''Forth:''' But even though we studied under the same master, we aren't exactly on the same level.
::'''Back'n:''' Huh? What are you trying to say?
::'''Forth:''' Take me for example, I'm an "apprentice." Those a bit higher will be called "disciples." Those a bit higher again will be called "prized pupils".
::'''Back'n:''' What about me?
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Boohoo, I'm just a lowly degenerate in comparison.
::'''Forth:''' Hey, audience. Please don't steal my line.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Chengjie, don't interrupt the performance.
:::'''Qingque:''' ...Well, this hits too close to home and might trigger some emotions. Let's just skip this show for now.
:::'''Qingque:''' How about we go elsewhere for a walk?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well said.
:::'''Qingque:''' Hey, quit joking around. How about we go elsewhere for a walk?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Chengjie, let's go elsewhere.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Starskiff Haven... Starskiffs... I just want to see starskiffs soaring through space.
::'''Qingque:''' Let's go then. We can go to the bridge and watch from there.
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We can go anywhere you want.
::'''Qingque:''' Why are you being so passive as well? Ah, fine, I'll call the shots then. Let's go and eat those snacks first.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...
::'''Qingque:''' Come on, let's go!
::----
::'''Food Stall Owner:''' Berrypheasant skewers, tuskpir wraps, steamed puffergoat milk... plus the famous mystery steamed stuffed buns that everyone's been eating lately!
::'''Qingque:''' Chengjie, what do you want? It's my treat.
::'''Chengjie:''' Thanks, Miss Qingque. That's very generous. I... I don't want to eat anything.
::'''Food Stall Owner:''' It's okay if you don't wanna eat. You two, what do you want?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give me one of everything, thanks.
:::'''Qingque:''' How about you wait a bit and eat later... We'll lead Chengjie elsewhere and take a stroll.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to eat anything, either.
:::'''Qingque:''' Let's go. I wanna see if Chengjie has ideas about any other places.
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Starskiff Haven... Starskiffs... I just want to see starskiffs soaring through space.
::'''Qingque:''' Let's go then. We can go to the bridge and watch from there.
::----
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you still thinking about the manuscript?
::'''Chengjie:''' I'm simply incapable of thinking about anything else. Take me to see the starskiffs, and maybe I'll get some closure.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go. We'll go look at some starskiffs!
:'''Qingque:''' Let's go then. We can go to the bridge and watch from there.
----

;(Talk to Chengjie)
:'''Chengjie:''' A Designer Invite? For my master?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Hand over the invite)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 202040111,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 4088082366888078931
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomStringOnDialogEnd",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Mission_202040111_PropUITrigger"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the bridge above Starskiff Haven and look at the passing starskiffs{{subst:void|<!--202040110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Chengjie evidently did not have the mood to do anything else other than watch starskiffs. So let's go starskiff-watching on the bridge of the Xianzhou Luofu.<br />Starskiff Haven sees many starskiffs in a day. What kind of starskiffs does Chengjie want to see?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 76
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300002
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Chengjie:''' Starskiffs should be a familiar sight for all Xianzhou citizens.
:'''Chengjie:''' I crisscrossed the skies on skiffs every day, watching the buildings on either side rush by, just like they have for a hundred years.
:'''Chengjie:''' Lots of Xianzhou people are just like me, who never really thought about "the cleverness and technological advancements behind the starskiff." We just took it for granted and thoughtlessly enjoyed its convenience.
:'''Chengjie:''' "Good design is practical, and the more practical it is, the harder it is to be appreciated," is what my master always said. He's loved starskiffs dearly his whole life, and hoped to build an even better model.
:'''Chengjie:''' I should have been a starskiff designer myself. But my grades were too low, and before I could even finish studying, my master passed away. And now, I can't even protect the manuscript that he's left behind...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That manuscript is all that's left of your bond.
::'''Chengjie:''' You think too highly of me. I don't dare see myself as that important... If anything, the manuscript is what's left of my master's bond with the Xianzhou.
::'''Chengjie:''' My master used to say, "A craftsman doesn't need a gravestone," because everything they craft is left behind in the works they make.
::'''Chengjie:''' It's a shame that Master Ryan's brilliant but short life didn't allow him to see his final ideas come to fruition. I feel really sad about it. I want to make his last dream a reality and leave a mark for him in the history of Xianzhou.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You and your master seem really close.
::'''Chengjie:''' No... Master Ryan was always so nice to me, but my level was technically never good enough to be his apprentice &mdash; I lacked the talent and was too lazy, but he still never cast me aside.
::'''Chengjie:''' All I felt was powerlessness and regret when confronted by the genius of his work after his passing. I hated that I wasted my apprenticeship, not knowing how to carry out my master's final designs.
:'''Chengjie:''' *sigh* We've only had twenty years of apprenticeship between us, and it's all gone so fast.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Twenty years! You've been learning from him for that long?
::'''Chengjie:''' Twenty odd years &mdash;Almost a quarter of a short-life species' existence, but on Xianzhou it's far too short. Master Gongshu took care of disciples for several hundred years, and his disciples have now taken on disciples of their own.
::'''Chengjie:''' Just like that, before I knew it, my master had passed away... It's been almost a hundred years now. I still don't have the courage to face his manuscript. And now...
::'''Qingque:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Over a hundred years}}? Hang on, that sounds familiar...
::'''Qingque:''' Ah, yes! That invite!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So your master wasn't actually from Xianzhou?
::'''Chengjie:''' Yes. But since I got to know him, he's never left the Luofu. He was more local than the locals. He used to joke with me that if it weren't for me, he would've gone and joined {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|the IPC}}.
::'''Qingque:''' Hang on... He may not have been joking around with you. We've found an IPC Designer Invite!
:'''Qingque:''' (Trailblazer), do you have the invite? Quickly, let's show Chengjie.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hand the IPC Designer Invite to Chengjie{{subst:void|<!--202040111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Obviously, Chengjie didn't know about the invitation the Interastral Peace Corporation extended to Master Ryan, and Master Ryan never told him.<br />You wonder if the invitation letter would cause more guilt to Chengjie. However, if you don't hand it over, it might cause you to feel guilty as well.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Head toward Stargazer Navalia{{subst:void|<!--202040113-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Chengjie wanted to witness the birth of starskiffs with his own eyes at Stargazer Navalia, where monsters currently roam. Luckily for him, combat is your forte, so he asked you along...<br />You kind of wish people would pay more attention to your talents, those beautiful aspects of you, and not just "you can fight."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Chengjie:''' Getting your own designs onto the assembly lines in Stargazer Navalia is the dream of all craftsmen in Xianzhou.
:'''Chengjie:''' Master Ryan mentioned countless times how he helped optimize an engine here that's been mass-produced here and sold all over the place. However, that engine became obsolete over the past century and has fallen to the annals of history.
:'''Chengjie:''' But he always used to say "good design should be timeless"...
:'''Qingque:''' ...Chengjie, just tell me straight. How can we help you?
:'''Chengjie:''' First up, there're monsters causing trouble around Stargazer Navalia, so I need your protection. Next, I need some visual data in Stargazer Navalia to complement this manuscript.
:'''Qingque:''' In other words, some {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|visiographs}}, right?
:'''Chengjie:''' There are many steps in the starskiff manufacturing process, and each one is important.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Has Chengjie started to get motivated yet?
::'''Chengjie:''' I want to go through the process of starskiff manufacturing again. I have a hunch that I can recreate the motivation to "create" once more.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're not just in charge of taking photos, are we?
::'''Chengjie:''' I'll explain the manufacturing principles to you laypeople, so at least the whole trip won't be in vain.
:'''Qingque:''' Then let's get going.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate a Growing Starskiff: Germination Phase{{subst:void|<!--202040114-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|The cultivation of a starskiff is divided into several phases. Chengjie wanted to see the process between a starskiff seed and a fully cultivated vessel.<br />You have been to Stargazer Navalia a few times, but you probably haven't noticed that starskiffs are grown in an incubator.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300002
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Qingque:''' This giant water tank holds... seeds?
:'''Chengjie:''' It's not a water tank, but a starskiff incubator. It's filled with a culture medium that supports the starskiff seed during the germination phase, and it can ensure the biological material grows in a nutritious and controllable environment.
:'''Qingque:''' This is the first time I've ever heard about this. (Trailblazer), you got any questions there?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Starskiff seeds?
::'''Chengjie:''' Yup, as the name suggests, it's a seed that can grow into a starskiff. But it's not a seed that grows into a plant-like structure. It incorporates moldable metals, biological materials, jade abaci, and more.
::'''Chengjie:''' All of the growth data for a starskiff is stored inside its seed. In other words, these seeds come with their own "design manuscripts," and each seed grows step-by-step based on the design plan.
::'''Chengjie:''' In the absence of any external stimulus and with sufficient nutrition, a starskiff seed will grow into a keel in one go.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Culture medium?
::'''Chengjie:''' Generally speaking, the ratio of catalyzers in the culture medium is fixed. However, it can be adjusted based on the design of the ship. Depending on the composition ratio, the strength and growth speed of the hull will vary.
::'''Chengjie:''' So there are craftsmen from the Artisanship Commission who specialize in researching the ratio needed for the culture medium during the germination phase, so as to make the ship lighter, more durable, and safer.
::'''Chengjie:''' There are many cylindrical "culture medium injectors" at various phases along the starskiff assembly line to make fine-tuned adjustments to it as it grows.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Germination phase?
::'''Chengjie:''' There are four main stages in the growth of a starskiff: The germination phase, the embryonic phase, the nutritive phase, and the forming phase. What you're seeing right now is the germination phase.
::'''Chengjie:''' During this phase, materials such as fallow earth and Ligneous Freeroamers inside the starskiff seed will form the earliest signs of seed germ and embryo.
::'''Chengjie:''' If anything goes wrong during the growth process, we need to clear out the failed starskiff seed and destroy the biological matter in the metal frame.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Starskiffs grow out of seeds?
::'''Qingque:''' That's what made me most curious, too. Every day I'll be catching one of these starskiffs, without knowing that it's actually been grown from a seed.
::'''Chengjie:''' You must have heard of the legends of the Ambrosial Arbor, right? That's what brought about a technological revolution on Xianzhou. Especially the Alchemy Commission, they had an utterly miraculous technology...
::'''Chengjie:''' But after Reignbow severed the Ambrosial Arbor, most of the tech was lost. However, this starskiff growing technology was retained.
::'''Chengjie:''' Help me take a photo of this incubator. Then we can go check out the embryonic phase.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of a starskiff in its germination phase{{subst:void|<!--202040115-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Chengjie requires a visual reference of a starskiff. Take a picture of an incubator in its corresponding phase.<br />Qingque calls these pictures "visiographs." There are probably more of these familiar-yet-foreign terminology used all over the Xianzhou, you should get used to them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300014
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300006
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"IsAim": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphWaitIdentifyFinish",
	"WaitTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300006
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"OnPreviewFinish": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300006
					}
				}
			}
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Photos have been taken of the starskiff in germination phase.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate a Growing Starskiff: Embryonic Phase{{subst:void|<!--202040116-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|The cultivation of a starskiff is divided into several phases. Chengjie wanted to see the process between a starskiff seed and a fully cultivated vessel.<br />You have been to Stargazer Navalia a few times, but you probably haven't noticed that starskiffs are grown in an incubator.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300003
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Qingque:''' It's like I can already see the form of a starskiff taking shape... They really do grow out of seeds into a ship!
:'''Chengjie:''' Even though I've read about it a thousand times, I still feel a sense of the incredible in the face of such wonder.
:'''Chengjie:''' The embryonic phase is the most important stage in shaping the starskiff. If you don't regulate the temperature and culture medium properly, or if the design data has any errors, then the starskiff seed will fail to grow as designed.
:'''Qingque:''' That is to say, during this phase, there's still a possibility of chucking out a failed seed?
:'''Chengjie:''' That's right. Some fast-growing anomalies can even burst through the incubator, causing the culture medium to leak out. When that happens, the incubator basically just gets trashed.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} A trashed incubator?
::'''Chengjie:''' Despite the confidence in their own designs, even our craftsmen have their failures.
::'''Chengjie:''' Check out that incubator over there. Its designer must've miscalculated the self-growth algorithm of Fallow Earth... If I want to complete these designs, I need to focus on these growth patterns of starskiffs.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Has any serious accident ever happened before?
::'''Chengjie:''' I heard Master Gongshu talk about how Stargazer Navalia was attacked by some Elixir Seekers before.
::'''Chengjie:''' Rumor has it, they got a sample of the Ambrosial Arbor and hoped to use some starskiff culture medium to grow a new Ambrosial Arbor of their own. However, they were actually getting the wool pulled over their eyes! It was actually just a bonsai tree from the Alchemy Commission.
::'''Chengjie:''' When they dropped their bonsai cutting into the culture medium, it was like detonating a bomb &mdash; in a flash, their hideaway had a massive tree burst through the roof, causing the whole building to collapse.
::'''Chengjie:''' That massive tree spent the next few seconds withering before dying off. And that small twig gained incredible vitality within seconds, and then exhausted all life within a few more seconds. It really was a terrifying phenomenon.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Looks like this seed is about to be wrapped up.
::'''Chengjie:''' Mmm, you can't actually see the core part of a starskiff that has taken form. For one thing, the starskiff seeds develop a detailed and complex root system during subsequent phases, which also acts as the internal jade abacus network aboard each starskiff.
::'''Chengjie:''' For another thing, the toughest biological materials on the exterior will gradually close up, so that the starskiff can continue its core internal operations even when it encounters severe impacts.
::'''Qingque:''' ...I'm already starting to lose track of everything being said.
::'''Chengjie:''' Help me take a photo of this incubator. Then we can go check out the nutritive phase.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of a starskiff in its embryonic phase{{subst:void|<!--202040117-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Chengjie requires a visual reference of a starskiff. Take a picture of an incubator in its corresponding phase.<br />Qingque calls these pictures "visiographs." There are probably more of these familiar-yet-foreign terminology used all over the Xianzhou, you should get used to them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300015
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300007
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"IsAim": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphWaitIdentifyFinish",
	"WaitTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300007
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"OnPreviewFinish": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300007
					}
				}
			}
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''Chengjie:''' Many details aren't visible from this angle. Let's move to shoot from a different angle.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300016
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300013
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"IsAim": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphWaitIdentifyFinish",
	"WaitTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300013
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"OnPreviewFinish": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300013
					}
				}
			}
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''Chengjie:''' This is a great shot. Thank you so much.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate a Growing Starskiff: Nutritive Phase{{subst:void|<!--202040118-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|The cultivation of a starskiff is divided into several phases. Chengjie wanted to see the process between a starskiff seed and a fully cultivated vessel.<br />You have been to Stargazer Navalia a few times, but you probably haven't noticed that starskiffs are grown in an incubator.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Chengjie:''' This is a great shot. Thank you so much.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 1
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 300003
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/Interactive Object/Eff_Common_MAZ_CheckPoint_Idle_Enable.prefab"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetEntityVisible",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 1
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 300003
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
----
:'''Qingque:''' Oh oh, I think I can see the shape of a starskiff! Is this the nutritive phase?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It looks like it's almost done incubating!
:'''Qingque:''' Mmm, even though we haven't done a thing, there's still this spontaneous sense of pride.
:'''Qingque:''' Oh no, if I take pride in any of the work, then I can't just slack off without feeling guilty...
:'''Qingque:''' Don't you think so, Chengjie?
:'''Qingque:''' ...Chengjie?
:'''Qingque:''' Darn it, Chengjie's missing!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P20212_F20212001_G94",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor12"
}</pre>
:'''Chengjie:''' Help&mdash;
:'''Chengjie:''' I just came here to admire the starskiff's design, then&mdash; Help!
:'''Qingque:''' Oh no, I told him not to run around. Let's go. We gotta save him!
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*3}}
----
:'''Chengjie:''' Thank you for saving me. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be able to fulfill my master's dream...
:'''Qingque:''' Well, it's starting to seem like you are just using your master's dream as an excuse to wallow in self-pity.
:'''Qingque:''' Oh, I'm sorry...
:'''Chengjie:''' You're right. I've been talking about my master's dream all day. But I'm quickly growing numb to the concept of this word, "dream."
:'''Chengjie:''' At first, I'd burst into tears whenever I thought of Master Ryan's face, and my heart would skip a beat.
:'''Chengjie:''' But now, Master Ryan's face is like a blur to me. And my master's dream, it's like a thick old scar on my heart &mdash; an itch that I scratch every now and again, so that I'll never forget his memory.
:'''Chengjie:''' Now I can't even tell if I really do want to fulfill my master's dream, or whether I'm just reminding myself over and over not to forget about him.
:'''Chengjie:''' I&mdash;I'm afraid that one day, I'll think of Master Ryan, and there won't be that stirring in my heart anymore. That'll mean to me that my master has truly left my life, forever. How on earth could I ever hope to repay the time he has spent with me?
:'''Chengjie:''' I gotta do this when this dream of my master has not completely faded away in my mind. I have to finish it for him.
:'''Chengjie:''' Oops, ha! I've been talking to myself again... Let's go back to the incubator and all those starskiffs, yeah?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You mentioned starskiff engines before?
::'''Chengjie:''' There's a circular cutaway on the tail which is where the jade wheel gets installed &mdash; that's the starskiff engine I was just talking about. It's an integrated jade abacus that controls gravity and motion.
::'''Chengjie:''' The Meridian Pin at Stargazer Navalia also operates using similar tech principles.
::'''Chengjie:''' But lots of illegal modders will exploit this, installing military-grade jade wheels onto civilian starskiffs... And many have paid the price with their lives. After all, it's all illegal and highly dangerous.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do the incubators grow alongside the starskiffs themselves?
::'''Qingque:''' I don't think so. This is just a bigger incubator.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like the starskiff is almost ready.
::'''Chengjie:''' Yeah, help me snap a shot of this incubator here.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of a starskiff in its nutritive phase{{subst:void|<!--202040120-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Chengjie requires a visual reference of a starskiff. Take a picture of an incubator in its corresponding phase.<br />Qingque calls these pictures "visiographs." There are probably more of these familiar-yet-foreign terminology used all over the Xianzhou, you should get used to them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300017
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300008
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"IsAim": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphWaitIdentifyFinish",
	"WaitTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300008
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"OnPreviewFinish": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp",
		"MultiGroupFetch": [
			{
				"GroupID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 94
					}
				},
				"ID": {
					"FixedValue": {
						"Value": 300008
					}
				}
			}
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Photos have been taken of the starskiff in nutritive phase.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate a Growing Starskiff: Forming Phase{{subst:void|<!--202040121-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|The cultivation of a starskiff is divided into several phases. Chengjie wanted to see the process between a starskiff seed and a fully cultivated vessel.<br />You have been to Stargazer Navalia a few times, but you probably haven't noticed that starskiffs are grown in an incubator.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300005
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Chengjie:''' Fully-grown starskiffs are extracted from their incubators and temporarily moored here following assembly.
:'''Chengjie:''' Before long, they'll sail all over Xianzhou and become a part of the scenery around us.
:'''Qingque:''' Starskiffs really are a miracle of nature.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Starskiffs really are a miracle of nature.
::'''Qingque:''' ...Can't you please curate your own thoughts.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} One does not simply sail without a starskiff.
::'''Qingque:''' Yep. And the way they are automatically produced is so awesome! Why does the Divination Commission still need us to work so hard for them?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} To boldly sail where no starskiff has sailed before.
::'''Qingque:''' (Trailblazer), I didn't know you were a poet.
::'''Qingque:''' (Whispering)...Wait a minute, why does that line of poem {{MC|f=she|m=he}} just said sound so familiar, huh...
:'''Qingque:''' Any more photos, Chengjie?
:'''Chengjie:''' Help me snap a pic together with this starskiff. Thank you.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of Chengjie with a starskiff{{subst:void|<!--202040122-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|After this trip to witness the birth of a starskiff, Chengjie is very inspired. He wants to have his photo taken with a starskiff, and he wants you to be the photographer.<br />Chengjie is not adept at taking photos, you know that just by looking at him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 94
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300018
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetConcat",
		"Targets": [
			{
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNPC",
				"MultiGroupFetch": [
					{
						"GroupID": 94,
						"GroupNpcID": 400001
					}
				]
			},
			{
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
				"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
				"SinglePropID": {
					"GroupID": {
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 94
						}
					},
					"ID": {
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 300009
						}
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"IsAim": true,
	"AimIdentifyType": "Manual"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphWaitIdentifyFinish",
	"WaitTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetConcat",
		"Targets": [
			{
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNPC",
				"MultiGroupFetch": [
					{
						"GroupID": 94,
						"GroupNpcID": 400001
					}
				]
			},
			{
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
				"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
				"SinglePropID": {
					"GroupID": {
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 94
						}
					},
					"ID": {
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 300009
						}
					}
				}
			}
		]
	},
	"WaitAll": true,
	"OnPreviewFinish": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PhotoGraphAimTarget",
	"AimTargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetConcat",
		"Targets": [
			{
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNPC",
				"MultiGroupFetch": [
					{
						"GroupID": 94,
						"GroupNpcID": 400001
					}
				]
			},
			{
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
				"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
				"SinglePropID": {
					"GroupID": {
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 94
						}
					},
					"ID": {
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 300009
						}
					}
				}
			}
		]
	}
}</pre>
----
:'''Chengjie:''' I've actually been quite uneasy during the whole of our journey to Stargazer Navalia.
:'''Chengjie:''' Can I really design starskiffs? Can I really fulfill my master's dream? Or am I just looking for some kind of escape from reality?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're overthinking this.
::'''Qingque:''' Yeah, when I first met you, I could feel the heaviness of your burden. Please take it easy.
::'''Chengjie:''' Thank you, Miss Qingque. I'm not overthinking everything anymore. I just want to go back right away and help complete my master's manuscript.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you still uneasy?
::'''Chengjie:''' No, I'm better now.
::'''Chengjie:''' I just want to go back right away and help complete my master's manuscript.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This trip doesn't seem to be helpful for a craftsman, though.
::'''Qingque:''' Ha, you don't sugarcoat things, do you?
::'''Chengjie:''' You're right. I doubted myself before coming here. Since my knowledge about every step of the starskiff manufacturing process is top-notch, was it really necessary to come here to take a look at things for myself?
::'''Chengjie:''' But luckily, I'm here. I've got my motivation back, and now all I can think about is completing my master's manuscript as soon as I can.
:'''Chengjie:''' From that moment on, I've been constantly wondering, is there anything that can transcend the confines of time?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A masterpiece!
::'''Chengjie:''' That's what I was thinking, too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A world-changing idea!
::'''Qingque:''' Chengjie, have you got any of those world-changing ideas up there?
::'''Chengjie:''' ...Unfortunately, I don't. And I don't think my master does, either.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The passing down of knowledge?
::'''Qingque:''' Makes sense. If you take on an apprentice, and then that apprentice takes on their own apprentice... Wouldn't that transcend time?
::'''Chengjie:''' That's actually a pretty good idea, but I haven't reached the level of being able to take on an apprentice yet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nothing.
::'''Qingque:''' ...You're even more of a pessimist than I am.
:'''Chengjie:''' My master's manuscript has never been published before. Once finished, I trust it will become a masterpiece that transcends the confines of time.
:'''Chengjie:''' My master spent so much time and effort on teaching me, on igniting my passions... He gave me all his time, the most precious thing for a short-lived being. So I have to repay him in kind.
:'''Chengjie:''' I want to prove that the time he's spent was not wasted. That his time spent will flow on through me, and that it will flow on through his surviving works.
:'''Chengjie:''' Just look: Every day, there are so many starskiffs leaving Stargazer Navalia. One day, I'll build my master's dreamship, push it out gently, and set it sailing in the busiest lane of Starskiff Haven!
:'''Chengjie:''' When that day comes, I'll be a real graduate! And my master will approve of me, I'm sure.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go for it, get it done!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Time to walk the walk, then.
::'''Chengjie:''' Don't worry. I'm filled with motivation now. Once I get back, I'll go all out.
:'''Qingque:''' Well, then, how about you keep an eye on him, (Trailblazer)...
:'''Chengjie:''' Please, (Trailblazer) &mdash; please supervise me until I'm done!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll be looking for you back at the Commission soon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As long as it's not too much of a hassle...
:'''Chengjie:''' I feel like I'm filled with motivation now. Once I get back, I'll go all out. I'm off, then. Thanks again to both of you for all your help!
:'''Qingque:''' Finally, that's resolved. Thank you so much. I'm exhausted, so I'll go back now too. Talk to you later.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Teacher and a Friend
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =  
|es   = Un maestro y un amigo
|fr   = Professeur et ami
|ru   =   
|th   = 
|vi   = Va Thy Va Bn
|de   = Ein Lehrer und ein Freund
|id   = Guru dan Teman
|pt   = Um Professor e um Amigo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
