<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Universe Full of Stories#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8032202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission A Universe Full of Stories.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Star Rail WORLD
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dan Heng; Danksi; Himeko; Pom-Pom; Trailblazer; Welt
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''A Universe Full of Stories''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Star Rail WORLD]] event.

==Steps==
# Share the news of clearing the stage with Danksi

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloatV2",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_AnniversaryCase"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 2
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; ShowUI_G177)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.PlanetFes.GamePlay.Entrance.PlanetFesEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G180)
----
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} So all I have to do is play the game?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to make this game?
:::Why do you want to make this game?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So how do I clear this game?
:::'''Danksi:''' Um... in this version, you just need to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|earn money and level up the venue}} to make the exhibition bustling. Should be easy for you~
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Game on, again!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceEndSeq",
	"BeforeCases": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
			"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
				"IsLocalPlayer": true,
				"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
				"AreaName": {
					"Value": "LevelArea_P10000_F10000003_G177"
				},
				"AnchorName": {
					"Value": "Anchor1"
				}
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Himeko)
:'''Himeko:''' If we can take this opportunity to restart the Trailblaze Ceremony, that'll be wonderful.

;(Talk to Welt Yang)
:'''Welt:''' It's been a while since I played this type of niche indie game. I hope it's not too difficult.

;(Talk to Dan Heng)
:'''Dan Heng:''' I don't dislike video games. Of course, I'm not exactly good at them either.

;(Talk to Pom-Pom)
:'''Pom-Pom:''' It's rare to receive such an interesting present in the Express, Pom-Pom thinks that it's unique.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Share the news of clearing the stage with Danksi{{subst:void|<!--803220202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|update|''"For truth! For beauty! For art! Charge!"'' &mdash; C.C., an indie game developer, speaking at the Interstellar Game Expo.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G181)
:{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceEndSeq",
	"BeforeCases": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
			"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
				"IsLocalPlayer": true,
				"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
				"AreaName": {
					"Value": "LevelArea_P10000_F10000003_G177"
				},
				"AnchorName": {
					"Value": "Anchor1"
				}
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
:----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 803220202,
	"MessageSectionID": 1312500
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Universe Full of Stories
|zhs  = 寰宇充满故事
|zht  = 寰宇充滿故事
|ja   = 物語に満ちた宇宙
|ko   = 이야기로 가득한 우주
|es   = Universo lleno de historias
|fr   = Un univers fait d'histoires
|ru   = Вселенная, полная историй
|th   = จักรวาลร้อยเรื่องราว
|vi   = Vũ Trụ Đầy Câu Chuyện
|de   = Ein Universum voller Geschichten
|id   = Alam Semesta Penuh Kisah
|pt   = Um Universo Cheio de Histórias
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
