<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#An Eye for an Eye (Part 2)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4071321
|title         = An Eye for an Eye (II)
|image         = <!--Mission An Eye for an Eye (Part 2).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Oleg; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Corridor of Fading Echoes]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Corridor of Fading Echoes
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''An Eye for an Eye (II)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Oleg
# Defeat all enemies in the Corridor of Fading Echoes
# Talk to Oleg and conclude the operation

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Oleg{{subst:void|<!--407132101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|You receive Oleg's invitation to an operation to clear the Corridor of Fading Echoes of Fragmentum monsters.<br />Talk to Oleg to get a sense of the current situation of the battleground.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Oleg)
:'''Oleg:''' Here we are again, (Trailblazer)! I knew someone as kind as you wouldn't watch the trouble from the sidelines.
:'''Oleg:''' As I expected, the Fragmentum would not be willing to back off so easily. There must be countless monsters lurking outside the northern wall, waiting to invade the corridor.
:'''Oleg:''' Look at this horrible weather... The stinking smell of the Fragmentum permeates the air...
:'''Oleg:''' (Trailblazer), I have a feeling we'll be up against even tougher enemies this time. Luckily, the Technology Division has made sure all the Snowshine Lamps are ready &mdash; it is a tremendous help to our action.
:'''Oleg:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Find the energy core and activate the Snowshine Lamp. Then, get rid of the enemies with the help of the light.}} Remember to do a thorough job and spare none of the Fragmentum monsters!
:'''Oleg:''' I'll stay to guard this pass. I'll count on you to finish up the task, (Trailblazer).
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EnableNPCMonsterAI",
	"GroupID": 8,
	"GroupMonsterIDs": [
		200007
	],
	"UniqueNames": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat all enemies in the Corridor of Fading Echoes{{subst:void|<!--407132102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|update|Clear out the Corridor of Fading Echoes and defeat all of the Fragmentum monsters roaming in the area.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Oleg)
:'''Oleg:''' Awesome, (Trailblazer)! We've achieved another great victory with your help!
:'''Oleg:''' There are no more traces of monsters in the surroundings. The corridor should be peaceful from now on.
:'''Oleg:''' Even though we've carried out two raids, I don't think it's enough to send them home. Without a doubt, we're facing a protracted war, (Trailblazer).
:'''Oleg:''' I hope you'll keep in touch with William. If anything happens here, William will be the first to know.
:'''Oleg:''' These are for you. You can treat them as my rewards for you. Take care, (Trailblazer)!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Oleg and conclude the operation{{subst:void|<!--407132103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|update|You cleared out all threats remaining in the Corridor of Fading Echoes.<br />Report the situation to Oleg.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = An Eye for an Eye (II)
|zhs  = 以眼还眼•其二
|zht  = 以眼還眼•其二
|ja   = 目には目を・その2
|ko   = 눈에는 눈•2
|es   = Ojo por ojo II
|fr   = Œil pour œil (II)
|ru   = Око за око II
|th   = ตาต่อตาฟันต่อฟัน 2
|vi   = Ăn Miếng Trả Miếng-2
|de   = Auge um Auge (Teil 2)
|id   = Mata Ganti Mata (2)
|pt   = Olho Por Olho (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
