<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#An Eye for an Eye (Part 3)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4071322
|title         = An Eye for an Eye (III)
|image         = <!--Mission An Eye for an Eye (Part 3).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Oleg; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Corridor of Fading Echoes]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Corridor of Fading Echoes
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''An Eye for an Eye (III)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Oleg
# Defeat all enemies in the Corridor of Fading Echoes
# Talk to Oleg and conclude the operation

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Oleg{{subst:void|<!--407132201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|You receive Oleg's invitation to an operation to clear the Corridor of Fading Echoes of Fragmentum monsters.<br />Talk to Oleg to get a sense of the current situation of the battleground.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Oleg)
:'''Oleg:''' Here we are again, (Trailblazer)! You could have no idea how thrilled I was when William told me you were on your way here!
:'''Oleg:''' Your performance in the last two raids was outstanding! The young Silvermane Guards can't stop talking about you. In my opinion, your reputation in the troop will soon surpass mine. Congratulations!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a walk in the park to me.
::'''Oleg:''' Hahaha, it's good to be young! For an old-timer like me, it's a treat to watch you in action from afar!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm still waiting for you to get your hands dirty.
::'''Oleg:''' Fighting at the front lines is a tall order for someone my age. I'll stay here to watch you in action, (Trailblazer).
:'''Oleg:''' By the way... Can you feel the oppression in the air here, (Trailblazer)?
:'''Oleg:''' At this point, I have no more advice to give you. Just put your best foot forward, (Trailblazer)!
:'''Oleg:''' I have your back. Use all the available resources and annihilate them!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat all enemies in the Corridor of Fading Echoes{{subst:void|<!--407132202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|update|Clear out the Corridor of Fading Echoes and defeat all of the Fragmentum monsters roaming in the area.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Oleg)
:'''Oleg:''' This is unbelievable... You've single-handedly beaten them to a pulp without being injured.
:'''Oleg:''' You're the legend of Belobog, (Trailblazer). Not only have you preserved the present of this city, but you've also contributed to its future.
:'''Oleg:''' William might be better than I at giving compliments. Still, I must let you know that every citizen of Belobog owes you one.
:'''Oleg:''' Let's talk about something positive, like your rewards. Please have this, (Trailblazer)! You have earned this.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Oleg and conclude the operation{{subst:void|<!--407132203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|update|You cleared out all threats remaining in the Corridor of Fading Echoes.<br />Report the situation to Oleg.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = An Eye for an Eye (III)
|zhs  = 以眼还眼•其三
|zht  = 以眼還眼•其三
|ja   = 目には目を・その3
|ko   = 눈에는 눈•3
|es   = Ojo por ojo III
|fr   = Œil pour œil (III)
|ru   = Око за око III
|th   = ตาต่อตาฟันต่อฟัน 3
|vi   = Ăn Miếng Trả Miếng-3
|de   = Auge um Auge (Teil 3)
|id   = Mata Ganti Mata (3)
|pt   = Olho Por Olho (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
