<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Anomaly Detection 7#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8000187
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Anomaly Detection 7.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Where Are You, Mystery Trotter?
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[The Past Will Return as an Avalanche]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Anomaly Detection 6]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Antonia; Balaway; Confused Kid; Elaine; Exhilarated Kid; Fidora; Gertie; Maxime; Old Goethe; Regin; Regin (?); Rossy; Serious Kid; Tanya; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Hotel Lobby]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Hotel Lobby
|prev          = Anomaly Detection 6
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Anomaly Detection 7''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Where Are You, Mystery Trotter?]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk with Regin
# Investigate the anomaly using the coordinates provided by the sensor
# Investigate the anomaly that "makes Regin's scalp tingle"
# Report back to Regin

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk with Regin{{subst:void|<!--800018701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hotel Lobby|Regin's sensor found something again! Head to the Goethe Hotel to learn about the details!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Old Goethe)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501028701-->)
::'''Old Goethe:''' Hello! Welcome to the Goethe Hotel!
::'''Old Goethe:''' Are you staying with us? Or would you like to try our special afternoon tea?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here as I was attracted by the hotel's fame.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' The hotel has just been here for a long time and it became a bit famous in Belobog.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Make yourself at home. Feel free to take a tour, as long as you are not interrupting the other guests.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am only passing by. I'll have a look around.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' I happen to have some free time. If you don't mind, you can chat with me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to reserve a room.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure, please register at the reception.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to try your afternoon tea.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Oh, it's on the sides of the lobby. Find yourself a sofa and take a seat. I'll arrange it.
::'''Old Goethe:''' This is where I grew up. I wouldn't say that I know all about the Administrative District. But I do know the history and goings-on around these parts fairly well.
::'''Old Goethe:''' Just let me know if you are interested.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501028701-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501028736
}</pre>
::'''Old Goethe:''' It's you. You're not here for sightseeing, are you? Are you here to stay or for our afternoon tea? Or did you come here to chat with me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to reserve a room.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure, please register at the reception.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' This is where I grew up. I wouldn't say that I know all about the Administrative District. But I do know the history and goings-on around these parts fairly well.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Just let me know if you are interested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to try your afternoon tea.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Oh, it's on the sides of the lobby. Find yourself a sofa and take a seat. I'll arrange it.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' This is where I grew up. I wouldn't say that I know all about the Administrative District. But I do know the history and goings-on around these parts fairly well.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Just let me know if you are interested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to chat with you.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure. I'm usually quite free. I'd love to have a chat with someone.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' What do you want to chat about?
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_5010287_21)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask...
::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure! Answering the guests' questions is a way to show your hospitality.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Old Goethe and Goethe Hotel...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Oh, that's what you're interested in? Goethe is my family name and Goethe Hotel is my family business. Well, it all began a long, long time ago.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' The Goethe family used to be prosperous. My ancestors invested in many industries. Unfortunately, due to poor economics, our family declined. Frustrated, my ancestors sold all of their properties and moved to the Underworld.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Luckily later on another ancestor from my family started empty-handed and revived our family business. Once again, Goethe Hotel was moved back to the Overworld.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you received any special guests?
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Well, it depends on how you define special guest. Many guests have stayed with us. Indeed there are a lot of stories.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' For example, a lady from a rich family escaped her wedding and jumped out of the window on the second floor in her pajamas. No one ever heard from her since...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' There was a couple who were theater celebrities. They appeared as though they were in love but they stayed in different rooms when they were here for their honeymoon...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' And there was a lady who would always stay in a single room when her family was at work. She was always drawing in her room. And she would cry every time she finished drawing. I wonder what she's been through...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' It happens a lot in our industry. We always encounter weird things, especially when we've been in the industry for a long enough time.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any recommendations on food around here?
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Haha, I'm not trying to brag, but our afternoon tea is a specialty of Belobog.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' There are a few desserts that only we can make. You can't eat them anywhere else in the Administrative District. Many young people visit us during holidays. Sometimes people have to line up.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any recommendation on sightseeing around here?
:::'''Old Goethe:''' I'd recommend the Western District, which is known for its artistic atmosphere. The Golden Theater is right there. You'll find everything from celebrities to merchandise.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' But be careful, don't go on their premiere day. For example, shows with many fans like ''Beneath the White Cloak'' and ''Stardust Rose'' will make the area totally over-crowded...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' It's best to drive there. If you don't have a car... Alisa Avenue is right outside the hotel. You can take a tram or walk there along the track.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any other questions.

;(Talk to Regin)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is the subject of your research?
::'''Regin:''' Fine, I'll show you some basics: Do you know that light is a particle?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do.
:::'''Regin:''' Good. So you are not completely ignorant.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Regin:''' Hardly a surprise. I knew I had to dumb things down for you people to understand.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that so?
:::'''Regin:''' Of course. Now let's not get ahead of ourselves.
::'''Regin:''' All you need to know is that light is a particle. Terms like wave theory or duality might be too complicated for you. My point is: Particles carry information. Are you with me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Really?
:::'''Regin:''' Why would I fool you?
::'''Regin:''' Light as a particle carries information. Building on that, if I am exposed to light, I am exposed to information. My big universe time tunnel theory holds that the universe consists of multiple interconnected entities that are running in parallel.
::'''Regin:''' Say if in one universe I came up with ways to send messages and my "doppelganger" in another universe knew how to interpret those messages, it means, according to my theory...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That you can interpret messages sent from another universe!
:::'''Regin:''' Yes, yes, well I'm trying to explain things in layman's terms. The real mechanism behind this is far more complicated...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That you can get research funding!
:::'''Regin:''' Yes, yes, well I'm trying to explain things in layman's terms. The real mechanism behind this is far more complicated...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you come up with that stuff?
::'''Regin:''' Let me remind you: The theory I'm proposing is called big universe time tunnel!
::'''Regin:''' Ah yes, big universe... my life work, my child! It all started two years ago when I was struck by this wonderful idea while having a meal. I knew from the very beginning that this is going to be the biggest discovery of our time!
::'''Regin:''' The world will be left in awe when my time tunnel is completed!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you really a scientist?
::'''Regin:''' Of course I am! What kind of question is that! Those jealous old nerds and hags in Belobog's academic circle refuse to recognize me only because my revolutionary findings will make them look useless.
::'''Regin:''' Geomarrow always rises to the top, it is just a matter of time before a talented scientist such as myself receives proper funding for my research. Alas, I have always been waiting for a patron to come along. It is painful to see my talent go unnoticed...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you not receive academic training?
::'''Regin:''' That just goes to show how ill-informed you are about the science community today. What can you learn from a bunch of self-righteous nerds who fight tooth and nail for money and power?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you are self-taught?
::'''Regin:''' Find it hard to believe? One day, the world will tremble before my big universe time tunnel! You'll see.
::'''Regin:''' And my name, Regin, will go down history as the greatest civilian scientist!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's call it a day.

;(Talk to Rossy)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501027001-->)
::'''Rossy:''' *sigh* Have you read today's ''Crystal Daily''? What kind of news is that!? If the media keeps going on like this, Belobog will eventually be doomed!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you talking to me?
:::'''Rossy:''' Of course. Who else would I be talking to? Do I look like someone who talks to himself in the street? It's not like I'm old man Dominic.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What does that have to do with me?
:::'''Rossy:''' We share a home. It's called Belobog. How can you call yourself a citizen of Belobog if you don't even care about the news in our city?
::'''Rossy:''' Look at the front page of the ''Crystal Daily''. The content that the newspaper puts out is just junk, tabloid-level stuff. What's going on in their heads? Can you really put this stuff on the front page? I'm about to blow a gasket here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have to make it sound so extreme.
:::'''Rossy:''' I bet you're not someone who follows the news. Anyone who is ambitious should pay attention to the world and think more, like I do. That way they can contribute to the development of Belobog!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sure seem to have plenty of time on your hands.
:::'''Rossy:''' Hey, I'm making a reasonable suggestion, alright? Belobog is getting better because of people like me &mdash; people who keep offering their insight!
::'''Rossy:''' Hmm, you really don't know anything. How about I give you a lecture right now!
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501027001-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501027048
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 153
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300009
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This should be the place. Based on previous experiences, shouldn't the "anomaly" be out in the open? Just a bit of investigation should be enough.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the anomaly using the coordinates provided by the sensor{{subst:void|<!--800018711-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|Examine the anomaly at the site using the mysterious coordinates provided by the sensor.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the anomaly that "makes Regin's scalp tingle"{{subst:void|<!--800018702-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|This intuition that "makes Regin's scalp tingle"... It kinda feels different?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1114300
}</pre>

;(Talk to Elaine)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Any place worth visiting underground?
::'''Elaine:''' Worth visiting? Let me think...
::'''Elaine:''' The Goethe Grand Hotel probably. And then it's the Fight Club.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the Goethe Grand Hotel.
:::'''Elaine:''' The Goethe Grand Hotel is right there. It's fancy, isn't it? After all, this is the Goethe family's first shop in the Underworld. It's the main store in Belobog!
:::'''Elaine:''' Gertie is the owner of the hotel and also my master. Not sure if you've met her...
:::'''Elaine:''' She's a great cook. You should try the food she makes.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the Fight Club.
:::'''Elaine:''' The Fight Club... it's said that there are professional boxers fighting and monsters everyday... it's especially lively at night.
:::'''Elaine:''' But I don't like those. They scare me... I've never been there. I only heard this from other people. I'm sorry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I see. Thank you.
:::'''Elaine:''' No worries! Although the Underworld is not as fancy as the Overworld, I hope you'll enjoy your time here!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to catch olms?
::'''Elaine:''' Hmm... because they are delicious?
::'''Elaine:''' It may sound funny but it's true. Olms are a common food in the Underworld. Many people would buy them for cooking.
::'''Elaine:''' Speaking of which, make sure you try the Iron Pot Braised Olm at the Goethe Grand Hotel.
::'''Elaine:''' I can assure you, that is the most delicious olm dish in the Underworld!
::'''Elaine:''' Ahhh... it makes me drool whenever I think of the crispy puff and the juicy olm meat. Master Gertie is such a wonderful cook...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you take any side jobs?
::'''Elaine:''' Well... I do. I will grab a net to catch olms after work...
::'''Elaine:''' However, I don't think I'm making any money. I usually can only catch two or three. When I try to sell them, I am told the price of olm has dropped...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you ever tried any other part-time job than catching olms?
::'''Elaine:''' Well... I did, actually quite a few.
::'''Elaine:''' But I only tried once or twice... In the end I realize the other jobs are more tiring than catching olms. Also, I'm not making much more money...
::'''Elaine:''' But catching olms is already not very profitable! I really don't get it... am I just unlucky? *sob*
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I shouldn't keep you. Best of luck.

;(Talk to Antonia)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard that the mine hasn't been peaceful lately.
::'''Antonia:''' Yes. As you saw last time in the mine, it's been a bit chaotic... but it will end. The vagrants will stop messing around sooner or later.
::'''Antonia:''' After all, they've got mouths to feed. If they really got rid of all the professional mining teams, those hooligans won't be able to make a living.
::'''Antonia:''' They are well aware of this, which is why they have never crossed the line. A small reward goes a long way with them. I just didn't expect the news to get all the way to Svarog this time...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you recruited some of the vagrants into the mining team.
::'''Antonia:''' Well, how should I put it...? Life isn't easy. If Boulder Town also gets eroded by the Fragmentum, we will have to find another livelihood. Who wouldn't want some help at a time like that?
::'''Antonia:''' But the old miners have their own ideas. They think the vagrants have made a mess of the mining team... and the vagrants aren't happy with their payment and feel that they've lost freedom... In the end, neither side is happy.
::'''Antonia:''' But I know what I am doing. This minor setback will not change my mind. Don't worry about it.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you have any recommendations for activities in the underground?
::'''Antonia:''' The Fight Club is quite popular. But personally, I wouldn't pay a shield for that kind of cheap show. It's vulgar and low-class.
::'''Antonia:''' There is a restaurant, the one owned by Gertie. The food there is quite good... so long as Gertie doesn't come up with some weird recipes on a whim...
::'''Antonia:''' Also, I heard there will be a rap concert where the vagrants are? I don't know how to appreciate that kind of thing, so I've never been there. Go check it out if you are interested. Just be careful there.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.

;(Talk to Gertie)
:'''Gertie:''' Sure. I'm not too busy right now.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What dishes would you recommend?
::'''Gertie:''' Dishes? Check the food review book on the wardrobe and see what interests you. They are all my masterpieces!
::'''Gertie:''' ...Well, basically everything.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Wild Herb Soup?
:::'''Gertie:''' Yes, moss in the cave is the main ingredient. It is refreshing, sour and sweet, and especially good to open your appetite. Although it doesn't look too appealing, the taste is just fine according to our customers' feedback.
:::'''Gertie:''' However, the moss is really not easy to dig. This dish is not always available...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Iron Pot Braised Olm?
:::'''Gertie:''' Ah, not this one... look at the one below &mdash; this is the modified version! We specifically use an iron pot to braise olm meat. That way the meat becomes really tender... I learned it from a book, hahaha.
:::'''Gertie:''' People love this dish. It should be available very soon. I can cook some for you if you are hungry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Candied mushrooms with pepper?
:::'''Gertie:''' Oh, it's a cold dish, as an appetizer.
:::'''Gertie:''' Can you eat spicy food? I use hammer pepper powder to enhance the flavor. Don't try this if you can't take spicy.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Rat Jelly?
:::'''Gertie:''' Well... I've renamed this Flavorful Jelly! This is a specialty of Boulder Town. Highly recommend!
:::'''Gertie:''' Don't get scared away by its original name... Hahaha.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Any other dishes...
:::'''Gertie:''' That's all for now... The rest of the dishes don't come out very nice. I'm still working on them. I'm so sorry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually have a lot of guests?
::'''Gertie:''' Many people come here for our food. But not many people stay in our hotel...
::'''Gertie:''' After all, most of our guests are from Boulder Town. People would gather here after work to chill and chat with each other. It's pretty lively.
::'''Gertie:''' I'm the owner and also the chef of the hotel! Many people come here because of my cooking.
::'''Gertie:''' You outsiders are certainly very well-traveled. Let me know if you have any preferences for food, maybe I can also learn something from you!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is this hotel under the administration of Wildfire?
::'''Gertie:''' Hahaha! What do you think Wildfire is?
::'''Gertie:''' Wildfire is just a peacekeeping organization started by people in the Underworld after the withdrawal of the Silvermane Guards. If there is a relationship between us... I would probably say they are our guests.
::'''Gertie:''' The people who join Wildfire are all kindhearted, good folk. Oleg wouldn't let any lazy good-for-nothings join. I have a nephew who works for Wildfire, he says they are really busy every day.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you tell me about the Goethe Hotel in Overworld?
::'''Gertie:''' Sure! Let me think where I should begin with...
::'''Gertie:''' I'll start with the Goethe family! After all, both hotels are our family business. It is said that our family was already here before the Eternal Freeze. We had a good relationship with Alisa Rand, the Supreme Guardian.
::'''Gertie:''' Our family used to be very influential. Have you heard of the Landau family? I guess we were similar to what they are today!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow, a prestigious family!
:::'''Gertie:''' Hahaha, that's all in the past. It's not worth mentioning.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do know the Landau family.
:::'''Gertie:''' Really? Now you know the Goethe family too. Congratulations! Hahaha.
::'''Gertie:''' After that, several scoundrels in the family lost all of our wealth. Fortunately, later on, someone revived our family business and they opened a hotel in the Underworld.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't know it had such a long history...
:::'''Gertie:''' True. Hundreds of years. My parents never told me the details. They just said this hotel was a legacy from my ancestors.
:::'''Gertie:''' As our hotel's business grew, some people wanted to expand the business to the Overworld.
:::'''Gertie:''' That Goethe must be very talented to be able to buy a shop in the busiest area of the Administrative District! That's how the Goethe Hotel in the Overworld was started.
:::'''Gertie:''' However, our family was divided ever since then, and now there are two separate branches in the Overworld and Underworld.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know Old Goethe from the Overworld?
:::'''Gertie:''' Of course! Although our family was divided, we do keep in touch. We hold family gatherings during festivals such as the Solwarm Festival.
:::'''Gertie:''' As for the Old Goethe you mentioned... According to seniority, we are actually the same generation, hahaha!
:::'''Gertie:''' But we haven't been able to get together since the Overworld and the Underworld were blocked. It's been many years...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then why is there another one in the Overworld?
:::'''Gertie:''' Be patient! I was about to talk about that.
:::'''Gertie:''' As our hotel's business grew, some people wanted to expand the business to the Overworld.
:::'''Gertie:''' That Goethe must be very talented to be able to buy a shop in the busiest area of the Administrative District! That's how the Goethe Hotel in the Overworld was started.
:::'''Gertie:''' However, our family was divided ever since then, and now there are two separate branches in the Overworld and Underworld.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know Old Goethe from the Overworld?
:::'''Gertie:''' Of course! Although our family was divided, we do keep in touch. We hold family gatherings during festivals such as the Solwarm Festival.
:::'''Gertie:''' As for the Old Goethe you mentioned... According to seniority, we are actually the same generation, hahaha!
:::'''Gertie:''' But we haven't been able to get together since the Overworld and the Underworld were blocked. It's been many years...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.

;(Talk to Fidora)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a mechanic?
:::'''Fidora:''' Of course. No one but a mechanic could make robots, could they?
:::'''Fidora:''' ...Well, actually, many people among the vagrants also possess that skill.
:::'''Fidora:''' But I'm different from them! They make robots for the Modified Robot Fight &mdash; the robots they make fight each other... I don't get the fun in it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you need a language module for?
:::'''Fidora:''' It's... Why are you being so nosey?
:::'''Fidora:''' Okay, I'll tell you... I'm trying to build a robot that can interact with humans emotionally.
:::'''Fidora:''' Not the kind of machine that only follows a program or answers the question you ask &mdash; A robot that understands human language, and speaks and acts like a normal human being.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you want to build something like that?
::::'''Fidora:''' Why? Because it's my dream, of course!
::::'''Fidora:''' I want to create a robot with emotions... it's my ultimate goal as an amateur mechanic!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you making an android?
::::'''Fidora:''' Android? What's that? It sounds weird... Right now, all I want to do is to equip the robot with a language module and do some additional optimization and improvement.
::::'''Fidora:''' In my opinion, mechanical structures are much more beautiful than the human body... I'm not stupid enough to try to make a robot look like a human. How boring would that be?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought you were making a humanoid mech that could be driven.
::::'''Fidora:''' I've thought about that... I heard that boys all dream of fighting in mechs.
::::'''Fidora:''' I get why they think that's cool. But for me, the most worthwhile research is to make robots that have human emotions...
::::'''Fidora:''' Anyway, that's all. Do you have any other questions?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Um... Nothing.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a mechanic?
:::'''Fidora:''' Of course. No one but a mechanic could make robots, could they?
:::'''Fidora:''' ...Well, actually, many people among the vagrants also possess that skill.
:::'''Fidora:''' But I'm different from them! They make robots for the Modified Robot Fight &mdash; the robots they make fight each other... I don't get the fun in it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Um... Nothing.

;(Talk to Balaway the Miner's Lamp)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are relics?
::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you sure you're not here to mess with me?
::'''Balaway:''' Fine, fine. I understand. You are an Outsider. It's normal that you don't know the history of Belobog.
::'''Balaway:''' Now that you've asked, let me explain to you. Do you know the "Eternal Freeze?"
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
:::'''Balaway:''' Good. You seem to know some of the history here.
:::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
:::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
:::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
:::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you really from the Outside? You are not lying?
:::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
:::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
:::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
:::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you appraised?
::'''Balaway:''' Ha! Too many! I can keep talking about it for two or three days.
::'''Balaway:''' But the most interesting thing is the torture device from the Old World.
::'''Balaway:''' Like... collar around the neck or anvil that automatically heats up? Tsk tsk, the life of criminals in the Old World must be hard.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is your appraisal process?
::'''Balaway:''' Well... First of all, people bring their relics to me, okay?
::'''Balaway:''' After it is handed over to me, I will start to evaluate it. After the appraisal, I will tell them the relevant functions and a price reference.
::'''Balaway:''' Basically, that's it. The last step is I'll charge according to the difficulty of appraisal.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm interested in your appraisal method.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you distinguish the difficulty of the appraisal?
::'''Balaway:''' It's a bit complicated. Most smaller items have relatively simple structures. You can find out its function structure by referring to respective documents.
::'''Balaway:''' The bigger items are the real trouble. Generally speaking, I have to disassemble them and check everything carefully.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Disassemble?
:::'''Balaway:''' Right. The function and value of relics can only be appraised accurately after they are disassembled.
:::'''Balaway:''' By the way, once the relics are disassembled, there is a risk that they can't be reassembled.
:::'''Balaway:''' And the risk... Naturally is to be borne by customers themselves.
:::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Refer to documents?
:::'''Balaway:''' I have collected all the remaining newspapers and magazines left from the Old World.
:::'''Balaway:''' There are articles that show items with similar appearance and function. They are of a great reference value.
:::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
:::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_501028924)
:'''Balaway:''' Well... It's a long story. This is the announcement. Have a look.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are relics?
:::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you sure you're not here to mess with me?
:::'''Balaway:''' Fine, fine. I understand. You are an Outsider. It's normal that you don't know the history of Belobog.
:::'''Balaway:''' Now that you've asked, let me explain to you. Do you know the "Eternal Freeze?"
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
::::'''Balaway:''' Good. You seem to know some of the history here.
::::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
::::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
::::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
::::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
::::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you really from the Outside? You are not lying?
::::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
::::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
::::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
::::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you appraised?
:::'''Balaway:''' Ha! Too many! I can keep talking about it for two or three days.
:::'''Balaway:''' But the most interesting thing is the torture device from the Old World.
:::'''Balaway:''' Like... collar around the neck or anvil that automatically heats up? Tsk tsk, the life of criminals in the Old World must be hard.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is your appraisal process?
:::'''Balaway:''' Well... First of all, people bring their relics to me, okay?
:::'''Balaway:''' After it is handed over to me, I will start to evaluate it. After the appraisal, I will tell them the relevant functions and a price reference.
:::'''Balaway:''' Basically, that's it. The last step is I'll charge according to the difficulty of appraisal.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm interested in your appraisal method.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you distinguish the difficulty of the appraisal?
:::'''Balaway:''' It's a bit complicated. Most smaller items have relatively simple structures. You can find out its function structure by referring to respective documents.
:::'''Balaway:''' The bigger items are the real trouble. Generally speaking, I have to disassemble them and check everything carefully.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Disassemble?
::::'''Balaway:''' Right. The function and value of relics can only be appraised accurately after they are disassembled.
::::'''Balaway:''' By the way, once the relics are disassembled, there is a risk that they can't be reassembled.
::::'''Balaway:''' And the risk... Naturally is to be borne by customers themselves.
::::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Refer to documents?
::::'''Balaway:''' I have collected all the remaining newspapers and magazines left from the Old World.
::::'''Balaway:''' There are articles that show items with similar appearance and function. They are of a great reference value.
::::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
::::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.

;(Talk to Maxime)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What did you forget?
::'''Maxime:''' I don't know. What I do know is that it was something I should never forget... Look, give me some time! I'll try to retrace my memory...
::'''Maxime:''' Let's start with who I am. My name is... Maxime... I think.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think you need to start from the beginning...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did something big really happen?
::'''Maxime:''' Don't interrupt me. I had a hard time just remembering my name...
::'''Maxime:''' And then what do I do...? I'm a miner, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Maxime:''' You don't know either? How am I supposed to go on then...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a reasonable conclusion, given how you're dressed.
:::'''Maxime:''' Okay, let's just assume I am. I'm Maxime and I'm a miner.
:::'''Maxime:''' Ah, what's next?
::'''Maxime:''' It's over... it's all over...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm, we are back to square one.
:::'''Maxime:''' Wow, you look so relaxed. It was your fault, you know...!
:::'''Maxime:''' Never mind... I'll go over it all again. I'm sure I can remember something...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you remember the way to the clinic?
:::'''Maxime:''' What, do you think I'm ill?
:::'''Maxime:''' Never mind... I'll go over it all again. I'm sure I can remember something...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Well, take your time.

;(Talk to Tanya)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report back to Regin{{subst:void|<!--800018712-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hotel Lobby|update|This anomalous Trotter is different from the ones before. Regin is concerned that you might have gotten into an accident. Return to the Goethe Hotel and put each other's minds at ease!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Anomaly Detection 7
|zhs  = 异常勘测•其七
|zht  = 異常勘測·其七
|ja   = 異常観測・7
|ko   = 이상 조사•7
|es   = Detección de anomalías&nbsp;VII
|fr   = Détection d'anomalie 7
|ru   = Обнаружение аномалии VII
|th   = ตรวจสอบความผิดปกติ 7
|vi   = Thăm Dò Bất Thường 7
|de   = Anomalieforschung (Teil 7)
|id   = Keanehan Terdeteksi 7
|pt   = Detecção de Anomalia 7
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
