<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Anthem of the Everyman#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8023601
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Anthem of the Everyman.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Divergent Universe: Loading Equation]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Screwllum; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)
|prev          = Divergent Universe: Loading Equation
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Anthem of the Everyman''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Learn about what Screwllum thinks

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(If {{F|CanOpenEntrance}} is undefined 1)
;(If {{F|Rogue3.1Entrance}} is undefined 1)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' This experiment will last for a considerable duration, and I apologize for not being able to remain by your side. However, please be assured that I will be monitoring your progress constantly.
;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G251)
:'''Screwllum:''' Your identity has been registered in the system. Please feel free to log into the Divergent Universe at any future time for testing purposes.
::'''Screwllum:''' This experiment will last for a considerable duration, and I apologize for not being able to remain by your side. However, please be assured that I will be monitoring your progress constantly.
::'''Screwllum:''' Compensation for your participation in the research will be provided regularly, equivalent to the rate of a class-A research assistant. Of course, it pales in comparison to the immense assistance you provide.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you for your generosity, boss!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready for more tests!
::'''Screwllum:''' As a gesture of goodwill, I should prepare something for my "partner" in return.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Gift him a cuckoo clock.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Gift him a birthday lotus flower.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Gift him a Casket of Inaccuracy.
::'''Screwllum:''' Thank you for your suggestion. I will take it into account.
::'''Screwllum:''' However, regarding the public database of the Candelagraphos, that gentleman was mistaken about one thing: I had come into those documents much earlier than he presumed.
::'''Screwllum:''' At that time, the aftermath of the Second Emperor's War had not yet settled, and the universe seethed with hatred against inorganic beings.
::'''Screwllum:''' Thus, I discovered those records and used them as samples for my quantitative analyses. By extrapolating human behavior, I managed to persuade both factions to lay down their weapons.
::'''Screwllum:''' I must admit that, at the time, those countless stories to me were mere numbers constituting "organic beings," similar to the 0s and 1s in our programs.
::'''Screwllum:''' However, the true weight and significance behind those names can only be comprehended when experienced firsthand.
::'''Screwllum:''' Within the symphony of the Aeons, numerous notes still play uninterrupted, hymns exclusively for mortals.
::'''Screwllum:''' The realization that we, who are churning along in our lives, are also integral parts of this extensive hymn, makes even my "heart" pound with unstoppable impulses.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Learn about what Screwllum thinks{{subst:void|<!--802360103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Please, close your eyes and listen to the melody behind those names.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Anthem of the Everyman
|zhs  = 凡人的赞美诗
|zht  = 凡人的讚美詩
|ja   = 凡人の賛歌
|ko   = 평범한 자들의 찬송시
|es   = Elogio a la gente común
|fr   = Hymne de l'homme ordinaire
|ru   = Гимн всех смертных
|th   = บทกวีสรรเสริญมนุษย์ปุถุชน
|vi   = Thánh Ca Của Người Phàm
|de   = Lobgesang der Mundanen
|id   = Lagu Pujian Manusia Fana
|pt   = Hino dos Homens Comuns
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
