<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Antinomic Waltz#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8026401
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Antinomic Waltz.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8013103--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Screwllum; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Antinomic Waltz''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Screwllum
# Connect to the Unknowable Domain
# Learn about the cause of the malfunction from the geniuses
# Collect data for the Scepter system
# Learn about research progress from Herta
# Delve deeper into the Unknowable Domain's secrets
# Learn about the experiment's situation from the geniuses
# Connect to the Unknowable Domain
# Speak to Herta and Screwllum
# Speak with Screwllum
# Ask Herta about answers regarding the future

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Speak with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802640101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|This is the first time you've seen so many Hertas. However, before you whip out the popcorn, maybe it would be best to ask Screwllum what happened first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{Mission|Stranger in a Strange Land|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:;(Screen fades to black)
::This is a scene brought here by the Finality. This is the future you're destined to arrive at after weaving through the fires of war in {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Gold and Gears}} and traversing the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Dreamjoy Statue World}}.
::You can return here after you've done all that. By then, you will bear witness to the whole story.
::Or you can also do what you are doing right now &mdash; Take a step forward and let your horizon merge with the Finality. Cause and effect overturn, and the future appears before you...
:'''Screwllum:''' Underlying logic assessment complete... No data anomalies found. Attempting the 1291st message input...
:'''Screwllum:''' Conclusion: No contact established with Herta.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So many Hertas!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to do testing again.
:'''Screwllum:''' I apologize for meeting you here at this time, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). As you can see, the project has encountered an unknown error. The test will also be temporarily delayed.
:'''Screwllum:''' Logic: A massive void has appeared in the Simulated Universe. It cannot be observed or interfered with, yet it continues to operate within normal parameters.
:'''Screwllum:''' According to data from the Candelagraphos, this void originally belonged to a time in history named the "Scholars' Strife" after the second Emperor's War.
:'''Screwllum:''' But when observed from the outside, all that can be seen within is only a chaotic "Unknowable Domain."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about Herta?
:'''Screwllum:''' This is exactly one of the dilemmas we are currently facing.
:'''Screwllum:''' Madam Herta is displaying unusual excitement towards the reconstruction of the Unknowable Domain, and has volunteered to connect herself to the Simulated Universe.
:'''Screwllum:''' Shortly after that, we lost contact. All her puppets are currently in a state of complete shutdown.
:'''Screwllum:''' Conclusion: Thirty-three standard hours have passed since her entry into the Unknowable Domain.
:'''Screwllum:''' Logic: It is possible to directly locate Madam Herta and forcefully eject her externally. Unfortunately, the location in question is difficult to reach, and time is running short.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me go in and look for her.
::'''Screwllum:''' ...Honestly, this is the most optimal and immediate solution.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there any other way?
::'''Screwllum:''' Based on the current situation, the most optimal solution is to identify an experienced tester, locate Madam Herta internally, and facilitate her extraction.
:'''Screwllum:''' Logic: Given the limited information we have, if I were to connect and subsequently experience the same communication breakdown as Madam Herta, it could result in an irreversible deterioration of the situation.
:'''Screwllum:''' On the contrary, if I were to maintain communication with you on the outside and monitor the system's operation, it would ensure your safety at the very least.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I knew it. It has to be me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll have to bite the bullet.
:'''Screwllum:''' The situation is urgent, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), please depart immediately.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Connect to the Unknowable Domain{{subst:void|<!--802640102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|The Unknowable Domain. A malfunction that can shake even geniuses... Hopefully Herta isn't in any danger.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' The situation is urgent, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), please depart immediately.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Learn about the cause of the malfunction from the geniuses{{subst:void|<!--802640103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|The Scholars' Strife, legacy of Rubert II, and what was it... solid waves theory? Hell, you're getting too smart.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Herta)
----
:'''Herta:''' Then this settles it. Do come and collect more Scepter data. I guarantee that you'll see many exciting things.

;(Talk to Screwllum)
----
:'''Screwllum:''' This experiment is different from those prior, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}} (Trailblazer). Please stay safe.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Screwllum:''' Question: Were there any useful clues discovered regarding the cause of the Unknowable Domain?
:'''Herta:''' There are some clues, but not many &mdash; I saw much of the dark history of the Intelligentsia Guild.
:'''Herta:''' It's only been about a hundred Amber Eras since the Scholars' Strife. Logically, as a direct participant, the Candelagraphos should have thoroughly documented the entire event.
:'''Herta:''' But when I compared the data with the history in the Unknowable Domain, I discovered that there are numerous omissions and fabrications throughout.
:'''Screwllum:''' Logic: The Intelligentsia Guild has always been extremely apprehensive regarding the Enigmata, especially concerning such important historical materials. They would not have permitted the History Fictionologists to tamper with it.
:'''Herta:''' Unless they did it with the intention to use the Enigmata as a cover, to conceal crucial information that should not exist.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are they hiding?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's my favorite time &mdash; Watch the drama unfold.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The History Fictionologists are such great tools.
:'''Herta:''' The schools shed blood over the allocation of the Scepters' computational power, or there could have been clandestine exchanges happening, but all are inconsequential. There's only one thing truly worth concealing &mdash; knowledge itself.
:'''Herta:''' According to the official report, thousands of Scepters were flooded by foolish questions from scholars, exhausting their computational power. Now, they have become mere photo-op spots for everyone, floating in space like debris.
:'''Herta:''' You think I'd believe that? That is a creation of a genius! Screwllum, how much more can we improve the simulated accuracy of the Scepter?
:'''Screwllum:''' Conclusion: According to the previous estimates, if we concentrate all the computational power of the Simulated Universe, we can increase the accuracy to 71% or more.
:'''Herta:''' That's enough. I'm sure everyone here knows that I'm never one to accept the status quo. I've always sought to push beyond the existing boundaries of knowledge, find new breakthroughs, and advance the total knowledge of the universe multiple-fold.
:'''Herta:''' The current extrapolation of the Scholars' Strife is precisely for that purpose. Therefore, I've decided to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|add in the fifth collaborator for the Simulated Universe}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I really want to meet Yu Qingtu!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You found Polka?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be the one who loves to eat bananas?
:'''Herta:''' Let's revive Rubert II!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huh?
:'''Herta:''' Of course, I'm not literally "reviving" anyone &mdash; Gather all the data from the Scholars' Strife, replicate the entire Scepter system in the Simulated Universe, and recreate the Emperor's external cognitive unit.
:'''Herta:''' Then, we will be able to obtain the brain of the fifth genius. Then I shall ask him... or her? No, should be "it"... a question, just like how someone asked at the end of the Scholars' Strife the {{Rubi|question that I ultimately solved|solitary waves theory}}.
:'''Screwllum:''' Although Stephen and Madam Ruan Mei are both agreeable, I personally have reservations. Introducing multiple objectives into a single study will significantly dilute the research focus and reduce efficiency.
:'''Herta:''' Reserving judgment is as good as having no opinion &mdash; the Scholars' Strife, my beginnings, and {{Rubi|the fifth genius| Rubert II}} &mdash; These are all chains tightly linked to one other. Screwllum, you'd better not tell me you're not curious about this extrapolation.
:'''Screwllum:''' As you indicated, to be objective: My analysis does include a fifteen percent weightage of curiosity.
:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''Herta:''' Hey, (Trailblazer), your performance in Gold and Gears was decent. You are experienced in dealing with Rubert's creations too, and it looks like I'm lacking an assistant. Isn't this just the perfect coincidence?
:Herta stares at you intently, likely not intending to offer you a choice. But, after careful thought, this is a precious opportunity to work with Madam Herta on a research project &mdash; do you really want to decline?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's all I've ever wanted.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Haha, I refuse.
::Madam Herta refuses to accept your refusal.
:'''Herta:''' Then this settles it. Do come and collect more Scepter data. I guarantee that you'll see many exciting things.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect data for the Scepter system{{subst:void|<!--802640104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|Oh my, what can be cooler than bringing back Rubert II?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Learn about research progress from Herta{{subst:void|<!--802640105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|You weren't able to find any clues related to the "Unknowable Domain." Could it be that Mythus glanced upon the Simulated Universe? That'd be too absurd.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Herta)
:'''Herta:''' The Unknowable Domain... I already can't wait to find out what awaits us.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Herta:''' Unbelievable, an extrapolation blind spot that only appeared during the Scholars' Strife era &mdash; But these two factors have not shown any relationship with each other to this day.
:'''Herta:''' Malfunctioning equipment and phenomena occurring without rhyme or reason are fatal blows to scholars of any era.
:'''Herta:''' Could it be Irontomb? No, if that was it, the effect would have extended beyond the Simulated Universe. The entire space station would have been incapacitated from its power.
:'''Herta:''' Could Rubert II have concocted a contingency plan up his sleeve? But he was already dead beyond measure &mdash; He couldn't possibly emerge from within the Simulated Universe... Unless... our extrapolation is actually sufficiently realistic? Impossible.
:'''Herta:''' The worst-case scenario is that the overlapping of these two domains was sheer coincidence. Coincidence... too many coincidences...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you hate coincidences?
:'''Herta:''' Phenomenon and essence, sparks and shadows... If the rate of coincidences appearing approaches saturation, there must be an essential "inevitability" beneath such "coincidence."
:'''Herta:''' The unknown signal that Patavia received was a coincidence, but that was how she became the greatest scholar during the Scholars' Strife.
:'''Herta:''' The Unknowable Domain... I already can't wait to find out what awaits us.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Delve deeper into the Unknowable Domain's secrets{{subst:void|<!--802640106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|Genius and scholars... Everything seems vaguely connected to each other. Is the truth you see the essence, or dancing shadows behind a torch?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Learn about the experiment's situation from the geniuses{{subst:void|<!--802640107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|How do you solve a puzzle that lacks a question?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Herta:''' Though we never managed to clarify the cause of what formed the Unknowable Domain, we are at least clear on Doctor Patavia's experiences during the Scholars' Strife.
:'''Herta:''' She eventually used the Scepter system to expand her intellect, even almost accomplishing the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|self-coronation}} that Rubert II could not complete.
:'''Herta:''' She could have become "the perfect scholar," broadening the overall quantity of knowledge in the universe, but self-doubt eventually made her halt her advance.
:'''Herta:''' *sigh* ...She could only regrettably leave behind that solitary wave conundrum as her legacy, unable to become the genius who solved that dilemma.
:'''Screwllum:''' Question: Is this Unknowable Domain an accidental coincidence? Like a butterfly flapping its wings? Or is it a trap, luring us into its abyss?
:'''Herta:''' Who can set a trap for a genius within a genius' research.
:'''Screwllum:''' Answer: Another genius. Rubert I was slain by the Lord of Silence, but his knowledge was reborn with the Second Emperor's brain.
:'''Screwllum:''' As Society members, we all understand that no genius is to be underestimated, no matter how long it has been since their demise.
:Herta does not retort &mdash; a departure from her usual self.
:'''Herta:''' Let's just prepare for the worst...
:For you, this momentary silence seems like an eternity &mdash; To a genius, however, a second's contemplation may just be as profound as the thoughts of an average person over an Amber Era.
:'''Screwllum:''' Just like before, Stephen and I will fully guarantee your safety outside. No matter what happens, you two must return safe and sound.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait for our good news.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's finally time to solve the puzzle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Burst Emperor coins, awright!
:'''Herta:''' (Trailblazer), before connecting to the Simulated Universe, I have something to tell you.
:'''Herta:''' If you sense something amiss, turn around and run back with all you've got. Do NOT look behind you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Connect to the Unknowable Domain{{subst:void|<!--802640108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|Emerging from the shell. Those who crown themselves will become the lords of a boundless universe on earth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak to Herta and Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802640109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|As the dust settles, it seems that everyone has failed, yet everyone also seemingly succeeded.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Screwllum:''' The Unknowable Domain has completely dissipated.
:'''Screwllum:''' Madam Herta's original plan was to turn Rubert II's data into the fifth genius and invite them to our table, but we did not expect the data entity emulating the Lord of Silence to gain sentience.
:'''Screwllum:''' This lethal butterfly escaped from the Simulated Universe. Not only was she disinterested in cooperating with us, she also left chaos in her wake.
:'''Herta:''' Ahhh... it's a terrible pity, the more I think about it. Her proficiency in manipulating probability is absolutely tailored to the Simulated Universe.
:'''Screwllum:''' This external intrusion has raised the need to make the necessary improvements to the Simulated Universe's firewall.
:'''Herta:''' Best to leave an inconspicuous backdoor to tell her: "Come back again when you have time."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was it really Polka who appeared...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Or was it an imposter?
:'''Herta:''' Her true identity doesn't matter. The Lord of Silence appears to have the power to show up along the chains of karma.
:'''Herta:''' Whether it's a data entity emulating her or a document recording investigations about her... I fear that she will feel something as long as her name is called out. Bah, she's almost like an old hag who knows magic. Forget it. We should just drop this topic.
:'''Screwllum:''' Question: If Madam Polka does not wish to join the Simulated Universe, why would she intentionally walk into our trap?
:'''Herta:''' Curiosity? Or just out of plain old fun? Either that, or she's taking revenge on us discussing her age behind her back.
:'''Herta:''' Is there anyone in this damned Society without a few screws loose?
:'''Herta:''' Also, the hunter almost became the hunted. We almost got caught in a trap despite our own trap-laying.
:'''Screwllum:''' Then, our fifth collaborator is...
:'''Herta:''' We'd better see if Ruan Mei can successfully drag Yu Qingtu into this.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802640110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|Rubert II... Wonder how Screwllum regards this fellow Intellitron genius.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' I am glad that you are all back safe and sound. Deduction: This could be the greatest information haul gained from this research topic.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The damage on the Simulated Universe...
::'''Screwllum:''' In the vernacular of organic lifeforms, we have definitely "overdone" it in the Simulated Universe.
::'''Screwllum:''' But it was not all in vain. Logic: The two research partners are of far more import than individual safety and operational efficacy.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Where did Stephen go?
::'''Screwllum:''' Stephen expressed that his "mind was blown" after witnessing the Lord of Silence's methods, and wishes to make a facial recognition filter mesh similar to hers.
::'''Screwllum:''' Reiteration: "No more worries about being seen by others again."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} About Rubert II...
::'''Screwllum:''' The cenotaph that the Second built for himself and the flowers by the tomb overturned what we thought we knew about the Anti-Organic Equation, or even about the Emperor.
::'''Screwllum:''' A friend told me once: "The differences between individuals far surpass those between organic and inorganic lives."
::'''Screwllum:''' The spread of the Anti-Organic Virus across the species barrier has also proven this perspective.
::'''Screwllum:''' Rubert II was an organic being, different from Intellitrons. But I choose to believe that, under the power of the Anti-Organic Equation, there still laid emotions that could not be buried.
::'''Screwllum:''' With this discovery as the premise... Conclusion: The probability of composing a program that reverses the Anti-Organic Equation program is greater than 0.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Herta about answers regarding the future{{subst:void|<!--802640111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|update|Question: Is the future destined or chaotic?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Herta)
:'''Herta:''' Though the Lord of Silence has destroyed the Scepter system reproduced by the Simulated Universe, her words gave me plenty of inspiration for the research's next stage...
:'''Herta:''' From your anxiety-laden expression, I take it you have more to say? I'm not in a particularly good mood right now, so you only get one question. Think hard before asking it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The solitary waves theory's solut&mdash;
:'''Herta:''' Tsk, you just had to ask the hardest question...
:'''Herta:''' When I solved the solitary waves theory, I obtained a constant.
:'''Herta:''' When the universe's unstable index exceeds it, the future will veer towards the chaotic unknown, enveloped in fog. When the unstable index is less than it, the future will fall into an ascertained trajectory, and free will ceases to exist.
:'''Herta:''' But even constants collapse and change in this universe of madness. Erudition, Enigmata... The various Path powers press against one another, continually rewriting the constant.
:'''Herta:''' Is the future destined or chaotic? This conundrum remains unsolvable.
:'''Herta:''' The true war has never ended.

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' The cenotaph the second emperor made for himself... With this discovery as the premise... Conclusion: The probability of composing a program that reverses the Anti-Organic Equation program is greater than 0.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Antinomic Waltz
|zhs  = 二律背反的圆舞曲
|zht  = 二律背反的圓舞曲
|ja   = 二律背反のワルツ
|ko   = 이율배반의 원무곡
|es   = Vals antinómico
|fr   = Valse antinomique
|ru   = Антиномичный вальс
|th   = วอลซ์แห่งปฏิปักษ์
|vi   = Điệu Waltz Mâu Thuẫn
|de   = Widersprüchlicher Walzer
|id   = Tarian Antinomi
|pt   = Valsa Antinômica
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
