<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bestial Ferocity: The End#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2021602
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Bestial Ferocity The End.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Complete [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Bestial Ferocity]]'' and wait for the next Daily [[Reset]]
|summary       = The Masked Fools are everywhere! But no worries! Now that the problem is resolved, let's not fret over the details! Ahaha!
|characters    = Nannan; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Exalting Sanctum]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Exalting Sanctum
|prev          = Bestial Ferocity
|next          = 
|rewards       = "Obscured Pearls"*1 { text = "Obscured Pearls" }; Zhongshan's Letter*1 { text = Zhongshan's Letter }
}}
'''''Bestial Ferocity: The End''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Head to the Exalting Sanctum and meet with Nannan
# Obtain Zhongshan's letter
# Chat with Nannan

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Exalting Sanctum and meet with Nannan{{subst:void|<!--202160202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|You thought the matter had come to an end for the time being, but then you receive a strange message from Zhongshan... There seems to be something else to this incident that you have been kept in the dark from. Go to Nannan and ask him about it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (What on earth is Zhongshan up to? Let me take a look at the cycrane stand.)

;(Talk to Nannan)
:'''Nannan:''' (Trailblazer)? What are you doing here?
:'''Nannan:''' Let me make this clear &mdash; You and your tutor better not think of persuading me into releasing some bizarre creatures this time...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. Zhongshan is gone...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to collect a letter from her...
:'''Nannan:''' What? She left? Why did she, too, leave unannounced just like my three buddies?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't they being punished?
:'''Nannan:''' I'm not sure what happened. I was told that they were either fined or imprisoned. I thought of visiting them to see how I could help.
:'''Nannan:''' But those at the Realm-Keeping Commission said they had been taken away on bail. They were nowhere to be seen, and they didn't reply to any of my messages. It was as though they had vanished into thin air.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They unshackled the Unshackled.
::'''Nannan:''' Have they decided to leave the Unshackled behind and go away? Benna might do such a thing, but not Tonya or Heathmann.
::'''Nannan:''' Also, none of those who are close to them has seen them so far...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think they would notify you before leaving.
::'''Nannan:''' It's possible, since they've always looked down on me.
::'''Nannan:''' However, none of those who are close to them have seen them either.
:'''Nannan:''' By the way, that friend of yours also left me a gift here. Let me see what it is...
:'''Nannan:''' A case of mineral water. Hehe, what a thoughtful young lady. Actually, when I met you two for the first time in Scalegorge Waterscape, my intuition already told me that you two weren't cut out for this releasing business.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The first time you met us?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Isn't she a member of the Unshackled?
:'''Nannan:''' Huh? Who told you she was one of us?
:'''Nannan:''' Isn't she your friend? We thought she was there to help you persuade us to let you join the Unshackled. Wasn't it the case? We didn't know her at all before she brought you here.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Who in the world is Zhongshan?)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Obtain Zhongshan's letter{{subst:void|<!--202160203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Ohoho, who would've guessed there is more to Zhongshan's identity than what meets the eye... No, actually, you've had an inkling for a while now, haven't you?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Nannan)
:'''Nannan:''' Zhongshan... is your friend, right? Right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with Nannan{{subst:void|<!--202160204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|The story is almost over, my friend. Is this story funny? If it is, then just make a laughing sound like "Aha!" If not... then remember to write that down in your feedback. I'll try to make you laugh next time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Nannan)
:'''Nannan:''' What did Zhongshan say in the letter?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell the truth.)
::'''Nannan:''' I see... She "unshackled" the three of them? This is... baffling...
::'''Nannan:''' Well, it isn't entirely a bad thing. Now that the obsessed trio isn't here, the Unshackled will be off the radar of the Realm-Keeping Commission. It makes my life a lot easier.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Keep the truth a secret.)
::'''Nannan:''' She didn't say anything important? Alas... I thought she would at least explain the whole thing to you.
::'''Nannan:''' Well, this isn't entirely a bad thing. Now that the obsessed trio isn't here, The Unshackled will be off the radar of the Realm-Keeping Commission. It makes my life a lot easier.
:'''Nannan:''' Anyway, it might be some time before the Three Benevolent Ones come back... From now on, I'll be the only Benevolent One... Hmm... maybe it's time to think about the future of the Unshackled.
:'''Nannan:''' Please feel free to swing by and take part in our activities... Now that the Microscopic Faction is at the helm, there won't be anymore dangerous activities like releasing beasts.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bestial Ferocity: The End
|zhs  = 动物凶猛•落幕
|zht  = 動物兇猛•落幕
|ja   = 動物は獰猛・幕切れ
|ko   = 동물은 사나워•종막
|es   = Ferocidad animal: el fin
|fr   = Férocité bestiale&nbsp;: Fin
|ru   = Звериная жестокость. Финал
|th   = สัตว์ที่แสนดุร้าย: ตอนจบ
|vi   = Sự Hung Dữ Của Thú Vật - Kết Thúc
|de   = Bestialische Grausamkeit: Ende
|id   = Binatang Buas: Akhir
|pt   = Ferocidade Bestial: O Fim
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
