<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bestial Ferocity#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2021601
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Bestial Ferocity.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant]]'' completed
|summary       = You have successfully resolved the social issues caused by "The Unshackled," and the Realm-Keeping Commission is grateful for your assistance. However, who exactly is Zhongshan? And why did she help you play a prank on those people?
|characters    = Angry Cloud Knight; Benna; Diting; Gao Tang; Heathmann; Jingyan; Malfunctioning Automaton; Nannan; Serval; Tonya; Trailblazer; Zhongshan
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*300; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*8; Refined Aether*3; Lost Crystal*6; Strale*25; Credit*80,000
}}
'''''Bestial Ferocity''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Listen to why Gao Tang is quarreling
# Ask the weird person about the cause of the argument
# Go to the Realm-Keeping Commission and borrow a Diting
# Head to Scalegorge Waterscape and use a Diting to search for the little sheep
# Head to the Alchemy Commission to meet with the Three Benevolent Ones
# Chat with the Benevolent Ones in the Alchemy Commission
# Go to a quiet place to answer a text message
# Go back and continue discussing with the Benevolent Ones
# Listen to Heathmann's request
# Listen to Tonya's request
# Listen to Benna's request
# Listen to the Benevolent Ones' request
# Chat with Zhongshan about Belobog
# Go to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone to chat with Serval
# Repair Automaton Grizzly
# Repair Automaton Spider
# Repair Automaton Direwolf
# Repair Automaton Grizzly
# Repair Automaton Spider
# Repair Automaton Grizzly
# Repair Automaton Spider
# Repair Automaton Direwolf
# Repair Automatons
# Return to the Luofu and meet with the Benevolent Ones
# Meet with Zhongshan in Scalegorge Waterscape
# Persuade Benna to accept the mechanical creatures
# Persuade Heathmann to accept the mechanical creatures
# Persuade Tonya to accept the mechanical creatures
# Complete this successful release. For immeasurable merit!
# Wait for further news from The Unshackled
# Chat with Nannan in the Exalting Sanctum
# See what's going on with Benna
# See what's going on with Tonya
# See what's going on with Heathmann
# Go receive your reward at the Realm-Keeping Commission

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Listen to why Gao Tang is quarreling{{subst:void|<!--202160101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|Gao Tang is a proud and arrogant chef, but it's not like him to argue with people on the streets... As someone famous throughout the cosmos for your curiosity, you decide to go over and listen to what they are arguing about.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to ???)
----
:'''???:''' Alas, my poor Faunus Red Sheep. They didn't even get to enjoy much freedom after leaving the harsh pen... Oh, Aeon of Abundance who spares us from suffering, please don't forfeit my merit for this!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aeon of Abundance?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus?
:'''???:''' Shh, can you keep your voice low? I'm just an outworlder who lives here and keeps to myself. I have nothing to do with the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.
:'''???:''' Greetings, my name is Benna. I like to set animals free with some of my outworlder friends when I have the time.
:'''Benna:''' Let me make it clear that I'm different from those evil people who kill and steal in the name of Abundance. On the contrary, my friends and I are practicing the virtuous side of Abundance with our actions!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you bothering Gao Tang then?
:'''Benna:''' It's because the Faunus Red Sheep I released have gone missing! The lovely sheep with crimson wool is an endangered species in their home. So, I've spent a fortune to buy a herd of them, thinking of releasing them into the Scalegorge Waterscape...
:'''Benna:''' But when I went back home to check on them, I realized they were all gone!
:'''Benna:''' Alas, it would be great if an expert investigator could suddenly show up here... I wish the investigator would be generous and willing to help kind people like us gratuitously...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's me.
::'''Benna:''' You... Could you help me find out the truth behind the disappearance of the Faunus Red Sheep? I knew you were a kind soul the first time I met you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But my help isn't gratuitous.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} About my pay...
::'''Benna:''' That's so mercenary of you. When I released the sheep, I never thought of asking them for my money back.
::'''Benna:''' You should know that by helping me, you're helping those missing sheep too, and that will earn you merit with the Aeon of Abundance. You'll be in good health and have great luck in the future.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pay me, and I'll help you.
::'''Benna:''' That's so mercenary of you. When I released the sheep, I never thought of asking them for my money back.
::'''Benna:''' You should know that by helping me, you're helping those missing sheep too, and that will earn you merit with the Aeon of Abundance. You'll be in good health and have great luck in the future.
::'''Benna:''' Fine, I get it. Both sheep and humans have to eat well to survive. Since someone is willing to give up merits in exchange for cold hard credits, I'll fulfill {{MC|f=her|m=his}} wish.
::'''Benna:''' Let's exchange numbers to keep in touch. As I have other businesses to manage, I'll leave the Faunus Red Sheep case to you.
::'''Benna:''' Let's meet at the Alchemy Commission to discuss updates on the investigation.
::----
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. Money is the only reward I want.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's merit? Can you eat it?
:'''Benna:''' Fine, I get it. Both sheep and humans have to eat well to survive. Since someone is willing to give up merits in exchange for cold hard credits, I'll fulfill {{MC|f=her|m=his}} wish.
:'''Benna:''' Let's exchange numbers to keep in touch. As I have other businesses to manage, I'll leave the Faunus Red Sheep case to you.
:'''Benna:''' Let's meet at the Alchemy Commission to discuss updates on the investigation.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask the weird person about the cause of the argument{{subst:void|<!--202160102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|The person quarreling with Gao Tang is someone odd. Although it sounds like a misunderstanding, this person named Benna does seem to have her own problems. Looks like it's time to lend a helping hand again.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Realm-Keeping Commission and borrow a Diting{{subst:void|<!--202160129-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery|update|It may be a bit difficult to find the lost Fa-something-sheep on your own. Go to the Realm-Keeping Commission to borrow a Diting, which was specially designed for this purpose.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Jingyan)
:'''Jingyan:''' What brings you to the Realm-Keeping Commission today?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to borrow a Diting...
::'''Jingyan:''' Do you mind telling us the purpose of your loan? Diting is forensic equipment. By right, it can't be lent to civilians.
::You talked about Benna and the matter about the Fau-whatever Red Sheep.
::After listening to you, Jingyan heaves out a meaningful sigh.
::'''Jingyan:''' It happens again... You can borrow this Diting, but you have to submit your result to us after you complete your investigation.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you so much!
:::'''Jingyan:''' Don't mention it. It's my job to help people with their problems.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there a problem?
:::'''Jingyan:''' Hmm... I'm not sure. Why don't you check out the situation first? Just drop me a line if there is a problem.
::'''Jingyan:''' Please be careful, though I know you can probably deal with any danger with your combat skills.
:'''Jingyan:''' Please stay safe and be careful. Just drop me a line if there is a problem.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Scalegorge Waterscape and use a Diting to search for the little sheep{{subst:void|<!--202160103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|With the cute little Diting, you embark on your sheep-hunting adventure.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (A wolf? Does it even exist in the Scalegorge Waterscape? Let me check it out.)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:You are simply a walking, moving lunch. A pack of wolves watches you hungrily. They are hungry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't taste good. Go eat that Diting.
::'''Diting:''' Woof?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Get ready to battle.)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (According to Benna, this is where the released sheep went missing. Let me use Diting to search for clues in this area.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitMissionTalkFinish"
}</pre>
:{{Black Screen|It doesn't take you a lot of effort to finish off the hungry wolves. As you were about to check their carcasses, a graceful but sarcastic female voice comes from behind you.}}
:'''???:''' Oh, no. You killed them... What shall we do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't feed myself to them, right?
::'''???:''' Indeed, nature doesn't dictate who is born to be the prey, but you could have spared their lives. Humans are intelligent because we can decide how much violence to use based on the situation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They attacked me first.
::'''???:''' Even so, did you really have to kill them? Humans are intelligent because we can decide how much violence to use based on the situation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You will impose a fine on me next?
::'''???:''' Not at all. I'm not the one who released the wolves, nor do I represent the Luofu government. So, I don't have the authority to do so.
:'''???:''' Let me introduce myself. My friends on the Luofu called me Zhongshan. Those who are closer to me also called me Zhongshanshan.
:'''Zhongshan:''' My friend, you may not be aware that you have killed an animal released by the Unshackled. They are a group that enjoys rescuing animals from dangerous situations and releasing them.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Your actions earlier not only undermined your own merit, but also nullified the good deeds of a member of the Unshackled...
:'''Zhongshan:''' At this point, you might not be able to understand the belief of the Unshackled. Just be aware that "these wolves are owned by someone." That's it.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Your actions earlier not only broke the heart of the Unshackled member, but may have also enraged that merciful Aeon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aeons wouldn't care about such trivial matters...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Who knows? The will of the divine is unpredictable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What will happen if I enrage the Aeon?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Who knows? The will of the divine is unpredictable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It doesn't matter, as I already detest the Plagues Author!
::'''Zhongshan:''' It's up to you to decide how you feel toward each deity, but...
:'''Zhongshan:''' Members of the Unshackled wouldn't be happy to see their hard-earned merits going down the drain.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Why don't you come with me to meet the Four Benevolent Ones of the Unshackled and explain yourself? Sorry, it's the Three Benevolent Ones now...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this a new scam?
::'''Zhongshan:''' I don't think they will ask you for compensation. After all, money means nothing to them. They attach great importance to intangible merits.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Even with three or four helpers, you still aren't my match.
::'''Zhongshan:''' I told you I wasn't looking to fight you. Why are you being so uptight? You just killed several wolves unarmed. Who would have the guts to challenge you?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Just see me as a tutor who recruits new followers and encourages people to do good.
:'''Zhongshan:''' The Four Benevolent Ones... Sorry, the Three Benevolent Ones should be at the Alchemy Commission right now. Let's head over there.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Alchemy Commission to meet with the Three Benevolent Ones{{subst:void|<!--202160105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|Oh no, this is blackmail all over again... But it's probably not the first time you've encountered this kind of thing. Follow her to see what exactly she has up her sleeve.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Look, the four people over there are the Four Benevolent Ones of the Unshackled. Let me introduce them to you...
:'''Zhongshan:''' The woman on the left is Tonya, the leading figure of the Beast Faction in the Unshackled and passionate about releasing powerful wild beasts. The wolves you killed were released by her.
:'''Zhongshan:''' I think you've met the one next to Tonya. Her name is Benna, and she's the leader of the Nurture Faction. This faction mainly releases rare, fragile, and endangered animals.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Next is Heathmann. He leads the Plant Faction that is dedicated to releasing plants.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Last but not least, that's Nannan.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Their names are all over the place...
:'''Zhongshan:''' This fella is a local, but he's just been jointly ousted from the Four Benevolent Ones by the other three.
:'''Zhongshan:''' It's because he likes to release... the microorganisms in water. The other three leaders think he's not taking the act of releasing life seriously, so they called him leader of the Fooling Around Faction and kicked him out.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Please wait here while I explain your incident to them.
:{{Black Screen|Zhongshan approaches the Four Benevolent Ones and talks to them. After a while, she turns around and beckons you over.}}

;(Talk to Zhongshan)
:----
::'''Tonya:''' Zhongshan, is this the young talent who is interested in joining us?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Yes, this is (Trailblazer). Some of you might have heard of that name... This is the distinguished guest invited by General Jing Yuan of the Seat of Divine Foresight.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see you know who I am...
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Huh? Don't you realize how famous you are?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} When did I say I want to join them?
:::'''Zhongshan:''' When you agreed to come with me and meet them. Didn't you say yes because you wanted to do good and learn more about the way of Abundance and the Unshackled?
::'''Benna:''' Wait a minute... Isn't this the person I hired to investigate the disappearance of the Faunus Red Sheep? Have you got to the bottom of it?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Yes, yes. It was a bunch of Abominations of Abundance that ate your sheep. Don't worry! This {{MC|f=heroine|m=hero}}, (Trailblazer), already eliminated those monsters!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I already told you that wolves attacked first.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not injured, so there's no need to pay for my medical fees.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I did. So what?
::'''Tonya:''' E&mdash;Eliminated them? You killed the wolves I released? How brutal!
::'''Tonya:''' And you, Zhongshan! What do you mean by the "Abominations of Abundance"? How many times do I have to repeat myself? Those that received Yaoshi's blessing are no abominations!
::'''Benna:''' So, Tonya, you are the culprit! I only released the Faunus Red Sheep in the Scalegorge Waterscape because I thought that area was free of beasts. Why did you release the wolves there too?
::'''Heathmann:''' Shut up, both of you. The gold-fringed alfalfa I released were all eaten by the sheep.
::'''Benna:''' Your annoying alfalfa grew all over the place and disrupted the entire ecosystem of that planet! If it hadn't been for your alfalfas, the Faunus Red Sheep population wouldn't have boomed, and they wouldn't have been hunted to near extinction by the local hunters, and I wouldn't have had to buy them at a high price and release them!
::'''Nannan:''' Alright, stop bickering! It isn't appropriate to fight before outsiders!
::'''Tonya:''' Keep your mouth shut, you mineral water-releasing clown!
::'''Nannan:''' What's wrong with releasing the Scalegorge Spring Water? At least I won't get embroiled in this ridiculous battle of the food chain! What exactly are you guys doing? Are you releasing animals or holding a beast fight?
::'''Benna:''' A certain suspended employee shouldn't be fanning the flames here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll leave you to your argument.
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Hey, please don't go... I'll mediate their dispute.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this how you welcome new members?
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Ahhh... Please don't be offended. We argue only because of the firm conviction we hold in our hearts.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why not decide the winner through a fight? I'll be the referee.
:::'''Zhongshan:''' It's not good to resort to violence. As practitioners of the way of Abundance, we should cherish life instead of hurting ourselves.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Everyone, please stop fighting.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Although (Trailblazer) has killed the wolves released by Tonya and ruined those kind efforts, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} intends to redeem this error by joining the Unshackled. They'll do a lot of kind deeds in the future.
::'''Zhongshan:''' How does that sound, everyone?
::'''Tonya:''' Sob, sob, my darling wolves... No! I can't accept this!
::'''Benna:''' I'm fine with it. After all, (Trailblazer) has helped me get to the bottom of the disappearance of the Faunus Red Sheep.
::'''Nannan:''' It's nay for me too! This person seems to be violent by nature. Can they understand the spirit of "releasing life"?
::'''Tonya:''' Enough, mineral water guy! Hmph, I can let {{MC|f=her|m=him}} join us, but I'll be especially strict with them.
::'''Heathmann:''' I have no problem with that.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_phone_buzz"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Someone seems to have sent me a message... I should reply to it.)
::'''Zhongshan:''' Awesome! Your membership has been approved unanimously! I remember every new member of the Unshackled has to go through a newcomer trial. Let's discuss the trial to be arranged for (Trailblazer).
::'''Benna:''' Zhongshan has a point. Let's test (Trailblazer)'s abilities through the newcomer trial.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me reiterate that I have no intention of joining.
:::'''Tonya:''' That won't do. Now that you have killed my wolves, you must contribute the same amount of merits whether you join our group or not. That's the only way I'll forgive you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine. What do I have to do?
:::'''Heathmann:''' We'll tell you after having a discussion.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Someone's looking for me. Please go ahead with the discussion...
:::'''Tonya:''' Don't go too far away, {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}}. Now that you have killed my wolves, you must contribute the same amount of merits whether you join our group or not. That's the only way I'll forgive you.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Tsk, I'll ignore them and check the message first...)
::----
;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with the Benevolent Ones in the Alchemy Commission{{subst:void|<!--202160107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|Zhongshan introduced you to the Benevolent Ones, but it caused a dispute among them... This really has nothing to do with you, so you should probably slip away as soon as possible.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to a quiet place to answer a text message{{subst:void|<!--202160108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|Who could be in a hurry to contact you at a time like this...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1215301
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go back and continue discussing with the Benevolent Ones{{subst:void|<!--202160110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|You can't slip away now. As a Nameless, you hold high repute and must handle things properly when receiving a task from the Realm-Keeping Commission. Having said that, you don't know why you are regarded as an expert of undercover operations... It's all because of those Disciples of Sanctus Medicus!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Jingyan is literally talking to herself... I should probably go back and talk to the members of the Unshackled. I wonder whether they have decided on the kind of trial to put me through.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to Heathmann's request{{subst:void|<!--202160111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|Listen to the requests of the Benevolent Ones one by one. Who knew they could manage to create a food chain just from releasing living creatures? What a group of geniuses.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Benna)
:'''Benna:''' What's the matter, (Trailblazer)?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the criteria for a species that can be released by the Nurture Faction...?
:'''Benna:''' Our position is pretty straightforward &mdash; We aim to rescue and protect endangered species that are so overhunted and scarce that they can hardly sustain their population.
:'''Benna:''' Alas... it was for this reason that I released the Faunus Red Sheep into Scalegorge Waterscape. Little did I know that I was sending them to their demise!

;(Talk to Heathmann)
:'''Heathmann:''' Looking for me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the criteria for a species that can be released by the Plant Faction...?
:'''Heathmann:''' Capable of photosynthesis, easy to cultivate, and has no excretion... that would be a "plant," the perfect creature to be released.

;(Talk to Nannan)
:'''Nannan:''' Oh? Anything I can help you with?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any suggestions for the newcomer trial?
:'''Nannan:''' Don't ask me... I'm just a "mineral water guy" &mdash; I don't have anything to do with the food chain of those three great ones.

;(Talk to Tonya)
:'''Tonya:''' If you can pass this trial, it shows that you have great potential.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the criteria for a species that can be released by the Beast Faction...?
:'''Tonya:''' If you ask me, I think everyone from the Unshackled should endeavor to free powerful beasts from human captivity! No more hunting falcons or fighting dogs! Let them unleash their vitality in nature!
:'''Tonya:''' After all, isn't it in line with the laws of nature and the way of The Hunt on the Xianzhou to allow living creatures to hunt freely in an environment suitable for them?

;(Talk to Zhongshan)
:'''Zhongshan:''' Oh? Do we have to refurbish discarded products?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Since this is a decision we made together, let's do our best to make it work.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Let's set off to Belobog!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to Tonya's request{{subst:void|<!--202160112-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to Benna's request{{subst:void|<!--202160113-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to the Benevolent Ones' request{{subst:void|<!--202160114-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' (Trailblazer), let's compile a summary and see whether there are similarities among these three...
:'''Zhongshan:''' Firstly, there's Tonya. She wants to free powerful beasts from human control.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Next, it's Benna. Her goal is to rescue endangered species that are unable to reproduce.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Lastly, it's Heathmann. His criteria are the simplest yet most demanding, as he's only interested in plants.
:'''Zhongshan:''' In other words, we need to find an endangered and ferocious... plant? This is so challenging... Do you have any ideas?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A man-eating plant?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Do you mean a carnivorous plant? That's indeed a ferocious plant, but I don't think they are endangered species. If you've been to Vonwacq, you'll know it's full of carnivorous crown flowers.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Lately there have been sightings of scary "leaf walkers" on the Xianzhou &mdash; creatures with foliage growing all over their body! It's hard to say whether those things are human or plant, but I don't think anyone would want to keep them in captivity...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about inorganic beings?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Do you mean mechanical creatures like cycranes and Ditings?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Hmm... Your idea sounded outrageous at first, but now that I think about it... it sounds even more outrageous!
:'''Zhongshan:''' What's ferocious about cycranes? Besides, people see them flying by all the time &mdash; they couldn't be endangered!
:'''Zhongshan:''' If there exists a mechanical lifeform species that is unable to be repaired or manufactured for some reason, it might fit the criteria. However, I've never heard of such a place.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've been to a world that is on the brink of destruction...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Are you talking about the one that has returned to the IPC's economical sphere recently? Ya... Yaloli-8?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's an isolated doomsday city called Belobog!
::'''Zhongshan:''' Belobog? I think I've heard of it before! Are you talking about the planet that has returned to the IPC's economical sphere recently? Ya... Yaloli-8?
:'''Zhongshan:''' How intriguing. It is said that the planet was never heard from again after it was struck by a large-scale disaster.
:'''Zhongshan:''' If mechanical lifeforms were present on such locations, most of them will be troubled with technological regression. In that scenario, they can be counted as ferocious and endangered!
:'''Zhongshan:''' Your idea is promising, but there's a problem &mdash; this thing isn't a plant!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The word "plant" has a broad definition...
:'''Zhongshan:''' Hmm... I know where you're going with this! We can use a broad definition of plants to include mechanical creatures!
:'''Zhongshan:''' Since you proposed this idea, you must know where a rare rob&mdash; no, a rare mechanical creature &mdash; from Belobog can be acquired, right?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Who should I turn to if I wanna purchase Belobogian mechanical creatures? Serval, maybe. After all, she owns a workshop.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1215401
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P20231_F20231001_G82",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor4",
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with Zhongshan about Belobog{{subst:void|<!--202160115-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|You haven't seen Serval in a long time, but you never thought you would meet again for such a ridiculous reason. This may be a blessing in disguise, or it may just be the absurdity of fate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone to chat with Serval{{subst:void|<!--202160116-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Meet with Serval in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone. She seems to be able to provide what you and Zhongshan need right now &mdash; mechanical lifeforms.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Override Module|20|x=3}})

;(Talk to Serval)
----
:'''Serval:''' (Trailblazer), it's been a while! Who's this lady next to you?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Hello, my name is Zhongshan. I'm (Trailblazer)'s strategic partner in the purchase of mechanical lifeforms.
:'''Serval:''' Mechanical lifeforms? Strategic partner? Hahaha, interesting choice of words.
:'''Serval:''' Before taking these scrap metals with you, I must ask you a question, and I'll take your answer as the advanced payment. Why are you two interested in the technology of Belobog?
----
:'''Serval:''' Treat the machines in Belobog as endangered creatures and release them to a faraway world in order to "accumulate merits"?
:'''Serval:''' ...Hahahaha! Being isolated in Belobog for so long, it's hard for me to accept such a novel idea.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you mean the idea of releasing machines...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you mean the idea of accumulating merits...?
:'''Serval:''' Everyone defines machines and living things differently. About releasing the machines... If it's to protect certain animals from being harmed, then I can understand.
:'''Serval:''' However, the idea of pleasing the Aeon through such actions is quite bold. Does it matter to Aeons how humans behave?
:'''Serval:''' Is there someone up there who constantly reviews the morality of our actions? Will we get our points deducted when we hurt a living thing and gain points when we rescue one?
:'''Serval:''' I'm afraid it's a sign of arrogance for humans to think that their actions are that important.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I agree.
::'''Zhongshan:''' That's what I think too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps Yaoshi really does care about what humans do...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Exactly. Don't forget about those Aeons who are particularly interested in humans.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't this place protected by the Amber Lord?
::'''Serval:''' In my opinion, this city was able to survive the Eternal Freeze only because the remnants of the Architects made good use of the technology left behind by their ancestors.
::'''Serval:''' Of course, using phrases like "we have the blessing of Qlipoth" in teaching materials and speeches is a good way to inspire everyone.
:'''Serval:''' Anyways. I don't expect the opinion of a mere mechanic like me to hold sway over the Unshackled.
:'''Serval:''' Since you regard these machines as living things, you need to at least administer treatment and bring them back to life.
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Things are slightly better than I thought... The technology used in these automatons is archaic... Oh, sorry Miss Serval, I mean to say that it is vintage.
:'''Zhongshan:''' As the presiding physician, I can't do all the work by myself.
:'''Zhongshan:''' (Trailblazer), I require your assistance. See those override modules I brought? Try to remove the casing of the automatons and search for the right port to connect with the modules.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Grizzly{{subst:void|<!--202160132-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Follow Zhongshan's direction to repair these automatons. But seriously, can you really sell these "mechanical creatures" to the Benevolent Ones?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Spider{{subst:void|<!--202160133-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Direwolf{{subst:void|<!--202160134-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Grizzly{{subst:void|<!--202160135-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Spider{{subst:void|<!--202160136-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Grizzly{{subst:void|<!--202160117-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Serval:''' I'm learning a lot by observing you two at work.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Spider{{subst:void|<!--202160118-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Phew... It's finally done. Repairing a machine is way more troublesome than smashing it with a baseball bat.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automaton Direwolf{{subst:void|<!--202160119-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (The lights on this automaton seem to be coming on... is it hanging on to dear life, or is it the last flicker of a dead machine?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Connect to the automatons.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's put it aside first...
:'''Serval:''' (Trailblazer), careful! You hear that sound? There seems to be something wrong!
:'''Malfunctioning Automaton:''' ...Mode activated... Kill...
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Automaton Hound*1; Automaton Direwolf*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair Automatons{{subst:void|<!--202160130-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Wow, this is indeed a world that has survived a catastrophe. Every automaton is ready for battle.
:'''Serval:''' Thank goodness (Trailblazer) and you are okay.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If I'm injured, the Unshackled will have to bankrupt themselves to compensate me.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Um, please don't count me in when you ask for compensation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} These automatons are nothing. I've destroyed many of them before.
::'''Serval:''' Hehe, just assume these big guys can't rest in peace and have come to take revenge on you.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Since (Trailblazer) has shown those automatons who's the boss here with their fist, I shall take on the duty of fixing... no, curing them.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Luofu and meet with the Benevolent Ones{{subst:void|<!--202160120-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|The automatons have been repaired. You should head back to the Luofu and find those Benevolent Ones. Hopefully they won't take things too seriously...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' How's the work on your side? My job here is almost done.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Miss Serval, thanks for your generous help. (Trailblazer) and I will be heading back to the Luofu. We can't afford to make the Grandmasters Meritus wait too long.
:'''Serval:''' Sure. Although there have been more merchant ships in Belobog recently, this city is still rather quiet and desolate. Please drop by whenever you have the chance.
:'''Serval:''' Goodbye.
----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} These automatons won't pose a threat, will they...?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Don't worry. What happened earlier was just an accident. I've debugged their programming, so now these automatons will only act according to the mode I've set.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will they be able to accept the idea of releasing automatons?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Well, it depends on how we convince them.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Don't worry. I believe they will be satisfied with our solution.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Now, let's split up. I'm sure the Astral Express conductor will freak out if we load so many automatons on the train all at once.
:'''Zhongshan:''' So, I've rented a transport ship from the IPC to bring the automatons back to the Luofu. You can take the Astral Express back &mdash; no need to rush.
:'''Zhongshan:''' I've sent out invitations to the Benevolent Ones.
:'''Zhongshan:''' We've agreed to witness the completion of your newcomer trial on the thriving land of Scalegorge Waterscape.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Remember to be there on time.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Meet with Zhongshan in Scalegorge Waterscape{{subst:void|<!--202160121-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|You should return to Scalegorge Waterscape and meet with Zhongshan. Hopefully you can successfully convince those Three Benevolent Ones...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Zhongshan)
:'''Zhongshan:''' (Trailblazer), you're here.
:'''Zhongshan:''' I've presented our plan to the Benevolent Ones, but they don't seem too pleased about it.
:'''Zhongshan:''' It's time to convince them with our silver tongues. Let's chat with them one by one... just like what we did in the beginning.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Persuade Benna to accept the mechanical creatures{{subst:void|<!--202160122-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Whether it's right or wrong, as long as the Benevolent Ones can be convinced to accept releasing the automatons, it's a win!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Benna)
:----
::'''Benna:''' This isn't what I expected from you!
::'''Benna:''' Mechanical creatures are everywhere, and the sky is full of those cycranes. Didn't you bring a Diting with you the last time you were here? In what sense are they endangered species?
::'''Benna:''' Besides, you two are required to solve the food chain issue among us to pass the newcomer trial... How can these mechanical creatures solve that problem?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Well, you don't know everything about these creatures. These weak and helpless mechanical creatures come from a planet verging on destruction named, um, Yaloli-8!
::'''Zhongshan:''' Miss Benna, I believe you must have heard of this planet before, since you're close with the trade reps of the IPC. I heard that the planet has just resumed its trade lately.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The place is no longer capable of manufacturing...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...mechanical babies like these!
::'''Benna:''' Oh, it breaks my heart to hear this. So... is this the last batch of mechanical lifeforms left behind by a declining civilization?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Exactly! They are an out-and-out endangered species! As new machines couldn't be made, we went all out to fix, I mean, to treat their lethal wounds. These little guys even fought valiantly to protect their human masters.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Miss Benna, you'll gain a lot of merits by releasing them and freeing them from the crisis and their imminent demise!
::'''Benna:''' I&mdash;I've got it. Indeed, these helpless babies are really worth releasing.
::----
:'''Benna:''' Oh, the more I look at these endangered darlings, the more fond I grow of them...

;(Talk to Heathmann)
:----
::'''Zhongshan:''' Heathmann, you don't seem too happy about this.
::'''Heathmann:''' I can understand the theoreticals, but... are you sure this kind of thing is a plant?
::'''Zhongshan:''' "Capable of photosynthesis, easy to cultivate, and has no excretion... Plants are the perfect living creature to be released." You said that, didn't you? Watch this.
::----
::'''Heathmann:''' This is, ahem, a certain device that controls this machine, isn't it? I don't understand how it is related to my definition of plants.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Well, it's an override module powered by a folded solar panel. This mechanical lifeform before you relies on solar energy, which is photosynthesis, to move around - just like the plants you love.
::'''Heathmann:''' ...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's easy to cultivate...
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Thanks for the reminder, (Trailblazer). When this individual runs out of energy, just let it enter the energy-saving mode and expose the solar panel to sunlight for a few days.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It has no excretion...
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Thanks for the reminder, (Trailblazer). This little one will never produce any unpleasant waste. It is purely natural and harmless.
::Heathmann wipes away the sweat on his forehead, looking distressed.
::'''Heathmann:''' So, it's a plant? This is unacceptable... It can't be a plant. Absolutely not! It has to at least look like one!
::'''Zhongshan:''' What does a plant look like? Must it have a huge trunk? Must it come with beautiful flowers? Or must it have a tuber buried in the ground?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Could you draw me a picture of a plant so that I can fix the appearance of this lifeform behind you?
::'''Heathmann:''' I... um... think you've got a point...
::'''Zhongshan:''' So, how did we do in this newcomer trial...
::'''Heathmann:''' It's a pass! I'm fine with this.
::----
:'''Heathmann:''' Machines are plants... Plants are machines... Eh? It sounds a bit off... Forget it...

;(Talk to Tonya)
:----
::'''Tonya:''' Mechanical... creatures. That's a whole new way to look at this matter. Still, I must say the technology used to manufacture them is too outdated!
::'''Tonya:''' I think I said before that the Unshackled should endeavor to free powerful beasts from human captivity! We must stop hunting for falcons and holding dog fights! Let them unleash their vitality in nature!
::'''Tonya:''' These primitive mechanical creatures are poor, weak, and sickly! Every joint of theirs trembles and the bolts on their casings threaten to pop out as they move.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Alas... I guess we have to show you some proof for you to believe us. Automatons, attack (Trailblazer) now!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ???
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Listen, now is the perfect time to show Miss Tonya how powerful these mechanical lifeforms are.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you let the automatons attack her instead?
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Are you in your right mind? Miss Tonya is a Benevolent One of the Unshackled! How can we make her suffer when she has accumulated so many merits?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I deserve to be beaten up?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You really know how to pick a fight, don't you?
:'''Tonya:''' Powerful and ferocious! After taking a closer look at the structure of these primitive machines, I can see the rugged beauty of beasts in them!

;(Talk to Zhongshan)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (They seem to be deeply moved by their own actions... I'd better not disturb them.)

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (They seem to be deeply moved by their own actions... I'd better not disturb them.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Persuade Heathmann to accept the mechanical creatures{{subst:void|<!--202160123-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Persuade Tonya to accept the mechanical creatures{{subst:void|<!--202160124-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Tonya:''' What a great duel this is!
:'''Zhongshan:''' Of course! These wonderful mechanical creatures from Yaloli-8 are enslaved and sent to the battlefield by their ruthless human masters. They sacrifice themselves and bear all the damage in the humans' stead.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Miss Tonya, you'll gain a lot of merits by releasing them and freeing them from their heartless human masters!
:'''Tonya:''' I understand! I have no more questions!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete this successful release. For immeasurable merit!{{subst:void|<!--202160125-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Go to the coast to complete the release ceremony. Actually, how did things get to this point... Never mind. It doesn't matter. Be grateful and do good deeds, obtain immeasurable merit, mercy of Sanctus Medicus.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Hahahaha, they bought it! They really bought it! Oh no, I'm about to die laughing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you laughing at?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Hahahaha, isn't this hilarious?
:'''Zhongshan:''' They have worked out their differences and agreed to release the same living thing! Isn't this kind of happy ending worth our laughter?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Okay, that's enough laughter for today. Let's go to the waterfront. The three Grandmasters Meritus and I have just decided to hold a small release ritual there.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Now that the Three Benevolent One's food chain problem is solved, their merits won't be undermined by others in the future. This is indeed something worth celebrating... If Yaoshi knows about this, I'm sure they will share our joy.
:'''Zhongshan:''' Let's go and get some merits!
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' These lovely little creatures will carry your merits and depart to a bigger new world. Let's give them our blessings!
:'''Benna:''' Always be confident, my little darlings. The gracious Sanctus Medicus will surely illuminate your path ahead.
:'''Tonya:''' Show your ferocious side like the beasts, my warriors! Your valor is the manifestation of the divine power of Yaoshi!
:'''Heathmann:''' Go ahead and thrive, um, my little blossoms of steel...
:'''Nannan:''' Hey, hey, what are you guys doing? Can you please stop dumping electronic waste into the water? Do you know how many innocent microbes are living in it?
:'''Tonya:''' Read the room, mineral water guy!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (They seem to be deeply moved by their own actions... I'd better not disturb them.)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I have a feeling something's amiss about all this.)
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Wait for further news from The Unshackled{{subst:void|<!--202160138-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|It's been a while since the release ceremony ended. Wait and see how things unfold.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1216201
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with Nannan in the Exalting Sanctum{{subst:void|<!--202160139-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Things are getting more and more out of hand. Go find those Benevolent Ones to check out the situation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Nannan)
----
:'''Nannan:''' You're here, (Trailblazer)... You should be ashamed. Thanks to your *great idea*...
:'''Nannan:''' Tonya and the rest are in trouble.
:'''Zhongshan:''' What are you talking about? We just offered them help at their request. That's all.
:'''Nannan:''' You call that "help"!? Now the three are bickering in the Exalting Sanctum. Check out the situation yourselves.
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Hee-hee, things are getting interesting. Are the Three Benevolent Ones in the Exalting Sanctum now? Let's find out what kind of trouble they're having.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How come you look so happy?
::'''Zhongshan:''' Not at all! It's just that the corner of my mouth is twitching.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is really concerning...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Let's hurry up and find them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Rubbing your hands in anticipation)
::'''Zhongshan:''' Why do you look so excited? Big trouble is looming ahead! Be serious!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===See what's going on with Benna{{subst:void|<!--202160140-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Looks like the Benevolent Ones are all in serious trouble. That's gonna be a lot of fun... Oops, I meant... it's going to be bad. Go see what's going on.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Benna)
:----
::'''Zhongshan:''' What's up, Benna? Did you increase your merits after releasing the mechanical creatures?
::'''Benna:''' Don't even mention it! I've cried so much that I can't even breathe...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Sounds awful. What happened?
::'''Benna:''' Why did the mechanical darlings we released blow themselves up?
::'''Zhongshan:''' What!? You weren't injured, were you?
::'''Benna:''' I'm fine. But the mechanical darlings started blowing up everywhere in Scalegorge Waterscape once water seeped into the machinery... The Vidyadhara dragged me to the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery... and accused me of setting off fireworks illegally in the holy place of the Vidyadhara!
::'''Benna:''' I had no idea that disrespecting a holy place was such a grave offense... The fine was exorbitant! I've used up all my retirement funds!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry. It was our suggestion...
:::'''Benna:''' Exactly! It's all your fault! If you two hadn't suggested releasing those damned mechanical darlings...
:::'''Zhongshan:''' But all three of you approved of our idea.
:::'''Benna:''' Those two hypocrites are outright idiots.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did your friends help you?
:::'''Zhongshan:''' Since we are all members of the Unshackled, surely they did something when you were in trouble, right?
:::'''Benna:''' Oh, please! Tonya and Heathmann are just hypocrites! They refused to pay when I asked them to share the fine!
:::'''Benna:''' When we first met each other, we promised to do good together. Now, they've finally shown their true colors!
::'''Benna:''' I wonder how those two idiots were convinced. Can a mechanical creature be counted as a plant? What was going through Heathmann's head?
::'''Benna:''' Tonya is the worst... If she hadn't insisted on releasing beasts, you wouldn't have brought those explosive mechanical things here!
::'''Zhongshan:''' Take it easy! Aren't all of you the practitioners of the way of Abundance? Peace and harmony are priceless...
::'''Benna:''' Peace? Forget about it! I'll make them pay for the loss I've suffered. And the two of you. Just you wait...
::----
:'''Benna:''' My savings are all gone... What should I do now... Now, get out of my way!

;(Talk to Tonya)
:----
::'''Zhongshan:''' Holy moly, Tonya! How did you get so badly injured?
::'''Tonya:''' I... I'm waiting for the rescue starskiff of the Alchemy Commission... I have fractures all over my body...
::'''Tonya:''' It was the doing of that huge automaton... the one called Grizzly! After I released it, it followed me to my home and gave me a tight embrace...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Grizzly never forgets every favor it receives! It did that to return your kindness!
::'''Tonya:''' Do people actually *Xianzhou profanity* repay favors like this!? *coughs*
::'''Zhongshan:''' Alas... Why don't you lie down and stay calm...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're to blame for this.
:::'''Tonya:''' Exactly. If you two scoundrels hadn't brought me this cursed heap of metal, I wouldn't have...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This isn't our fault.
:::'''Tonya:''' P&mdash;Pay... Pay for my loss! If you two scoundrels hadn't brought me this cursed heap of metal, I wouldn't have...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Hey, hey, please get your facts right, Miss Tonya. Don't forget the three of you were very satisfied with the solution we offered.
::'''Tonya:''' Benna and Heathmann, those two idiots! If they hadn't been so gullible, I wouldn't have accepted this outrageous solution!
::'''Tonya:''' Especially Heathmann... Plants? He looks like one himself! One day, I'll beat him up into a vegetable smoothie! *Cough, cough, cough*...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Take it easy. When you've recovered, we'll come and release beasts with you together!
::'''Tonya:''' Get lost! When I get well, the first thing I'm going to do is settle the score with those two idiots. Then, I'll deal with you two. Don't think that you're going get away with this!
::----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (The badly injured Tonya is sobbing. I'd better leave her alone.)

;(Talk to Heathmann)
:----
::'''Angry Cloud Knight:''' It was a Xuling Cypress that had survived for more than two thousand years! It was even older than me! Just like that, the tree was chopped off with a chainsaw by that thing! Do you know how much you have to pay for this?
::'''Heathmann:''' The life of a plant is priceless...
::'''Angry Cloud Knight:''' Be serious!
::'''Heathmann:''' Plants can't speak...
::'''Angry Cloud Knight:''' {{Size|36|Be serious!}}
::'''Heathmann:''' Sure, sure. Please calm down, sir. I'll be serious...
::'''Zhongshan:''' It turns out he can be serious...
::'''Heathmann:''' Sir, I'm innocent... It's all Tonya's and Benna's fault...
::'''Heathmann:''' If they had been more clearheaded, they wouldn't have believed it was a plant! They could have stopped me and avoided all the damage that ensued!
::'''Angry Cloud Knight:''' Don't pass the blame to someone else! You must either revive this ancient tree or grow two thousand trees as compensation &mdash; your choice!
::'''Heathmann:''' *Sob*... You're leaving me with no choice at all...
::'''Angry Cloud Knight:''' Indeed! {{Size|36|You have no choice!}}
::'''Zhongshan:''' Let's get out of here as soon as possible. Heathmann is at the end of his rope and seems desperate. He might sell us out soon...
::----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Don't get too close to Heathmann... He seems desperate. He might sell us out soon.

;(Talk to Zhongshan)
:'''Zhongshan:''' Okay, we've seen enough of the action. Please leave the rest to me! Go ahead and collect your reward at the Realm-Keeping Commission!
{{Dialogue End}}

===See what's going on with Tonya{{subst:void|<!--202160141-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===See what's going on with Heathmann{{subst:void|<!--202160142-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 1,
			"GroupID": 110,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202250012
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 1,
			"GroupID": 110,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202250013
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true,
	"UniqueID": 202250013
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 1,
			"GroupID": 110,
			"GroupNpcID": 400004,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202250014
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 1,
			"GroupID": 110,
			"GroupNpcID": 400004,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202250015
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true,
	"UniqueID": 202250015
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go receive your reward at the Realm-Keeping Commission{{subst:void|<!--202160144-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery|update|Though you have many doubts, everything turned out fine in the end. What is there to be dissatisfied with if you can get a reward from the Realm-Keeping Commission? Don't overthink things. Go to the Realm-Keeping Commission and get your money!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Jingyan)
:'''Jingyan:''' Hi, (Trailblazer). Can I help you with anything?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to talk about the Unshackled...
:'''Jingyan:''' That's what I want to discuss with you too, (Trailblazer). Thank you for your help.
:'''Jingyan:''' Thanks to your brilliant plan, the three leaders of the Unshackled have suffered the consequences of their actions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Seems like you got the memo...
::'''Jingyan:''' Now they should be able to realize their mistake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did I go too far?
::'''Jingyan:''' I get it. You feel that way because you're a virtuous character.
::'''Jingyan:''' For those who have been troubled by the actions of the Unshackled all this time, this punishment is nothing.
:'''Jingyan:''' Here is your reward. You deserve it.
:'''Jingyan:''' Please feel free to drop by if you encounter any issues. You're always welcome at the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 1,
			"GroupID": 110,
			"GroupNpcID": 400008,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202250016
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 1,
			"GroupID": 110,
			"GroupNpcID": 400007,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202250017
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true,
	"UniqueID": 202250017
}</pre>
----
:'''Zhongshan:''' Alas, no good deed goes unpunished. Poor things!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this appropriate...
::'''Zhongshan:''' Why are you being such a worrywart? Aren't you here to solve the trouble caused by the Unshackled? Now that you've done your job, you should be pleased.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hahaha, how interesting.
::'''Zhongshan:''' Indeed... Now that the Unshackled is in a mess, you've completed your mission. You can receive your reward at the Realm-Keeping Commission.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you know about that?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Don't ask so many questions. As your tutor, I must prepare some surprises for you, right?
:'''Zhongshan:''' Look at how worried you are. (Trailblazer), I'll take care of this.
:'''Zhongshan:''' You don't have to worry about how this all plays out. I can promise you a happy ending for everyone.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bestial Ferocity
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =  
|es   = Ferocidad animal
|fr   = Frocit bestiale
|ru   =  
|th   = 
|vi   = S Hung D Ca Th Vt
|de   = Bestialische Grausamkeit
|id   = Binatang Buas
|pt   = Ferocidade Bestial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
