<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Checking Out#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2030602
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Checking Out.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Argenti; Boothill; Fervent Follower; No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi; Qingque; Royroy the Master; Trailblazer; Uproarious Followers
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Operation: Rescue Qingque]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Operation: Rescue Qingque
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*450; Stellar Jade*50; Traveler's Guide*8; Refined Aether*6; Lost Crystal*8; Clock Credits*360; Credit*80,000
}}
'''''Checking Out''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Rescue Qingque
# Check on Qingque
# Confront the Four-Foot Hall
# Take the strangest four-person photo ever
# Rescue Qingque
# (Optional) Talk with Master Royroy
# Use the television to transform into Brother Hanu
# Rescue Qingque
# Use the television to exit Hanu's Adventure
# Wait for Boothill and Argenti to come to your assistance
# Confront the Four-Foot Hall

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Rescue Qingque{{subst:void|<!--203060201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|Qingque has sent you a message, and it seems she has got herself into some... trouble in the Dreamscape.<br />You have arrived at the hotel in the Dreamscape, ready to uncover the trouble Qingque has got herself into this time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1223700,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>

;(Talk to Royroy the Master)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Check on Qingque{{subst:void|<!--203060202-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_G11)
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Royroy the Master)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront the Four-Foot Hall{{subst:void|<!--203060212-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Fervent Follower:''' H&mdash;How could this happen? The all-mighty master seems so powerless against those giants, who are supposed to be weak despite their size...
:'''Uproarious Followers:''' This... doesn't make sense. The master is the Emanator of the Four-Foot Aeon and a capable leader of all diminutive races in the world.
:'''Boothill:''' ...Aeon? Leader? I guess you guys have been taken for a ride by this dude.
:'''Boothill:''' Heh, by the way, my offer just now still stands. I'll give you another 40 seconds to release the hostage and get out of my sight. Otherwise, I'll let you taste my bullets!
:'''Royroy the Master:''' Um... Th&mdash;This is just a small hurdle on our path to cultivation. Don't let these despicable thugs impede your enlightenment!
:'''Royroy the Master:''' I&mdash;I just need to raise the membership fee... That's right. As long as the Four-Foot Hall has sufficient funds, we'll surely be able to finish off these giants!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hear that? He's just after your money.
::'''Royroy the Master:''' Y&mdash;You shut up!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't your uncle loaded?
::'''Royroy the Master:''' Wh&mdash;Why did you mention Uncle Oti! Zip it!
:'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' Is... Is that true, master? Is the Four-Foot Hall just your scheme to scam our money?
:'''Boothill:''' Still not moving? There isn't much time left for you!
:'''Fervent Follower:''' It's not worth it to risk my life here. Let me run while I still can!
:'''Uproarious Followers:''' What "Four-Foot Follower"? He's just a fake emanator... I want a refund for my membership!
:'''Royroy the Master:''' A bunch of weak-willed fake followers! Run all you want, you will never get a dime from me. Never!
:'''Royroy the Master:''' I knew that girl with Celestial Jade addiction was a bad omen... Even though you win this time, don't think you will have it easy again next time we cross paths! Keep that in mind!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Boothill and Argenti, this is Qingque.
::'''Argenti:''' It's my pleasure to meet you, Miss Qingque.
::'''Boothill:''' Huh, you from the Xianzhou, miss? Hello there!
::'''Qingque:''' Hi, everyone!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Qingque, this is Boothill and Argenti.
::'''Qingque:''' Hi, everyone!
::'''Argenti:''' It's my pleasure to meet you, Miss Qingque.
::'''Boothill:''' Huh, you from the Xianzhou, miss? Hello there!
:'''Qingque:''' I owe you guys a big one! Looking back, I realize I was really foolish... That invitation message was so shady. Why didn't I notice it? I was totally blinded by greed.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take the strangest four-person photo ever{{subst:void|<!--203060213-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|With the assistance of the Knight and the Ranger, you have successfully saved your kindred spirit, Qingque.<br />It has been a strange day. Who would have thought that you would crush a cult that seeks profit from illegal means? Take a group photo with your companions as a keepsake.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:'''Qingque:''' Wow... you're good at this!
:'''Argenti:''' Indeed, all your creations are blessed by the Beauty... You have my admiration, my friend.
:'''Boothill:''' ...You're such a natural when it comes to flattery, Argenti.
:'''Boothill:''' I'm done with my affairs on Penacony, and I'm ready to move on to the next destination. Till we meet again, folks!
:'''Argenti:''' Boothill, Miss Qingque, and (Trailblazer)... May your future be illuminated by Idrila's glow. The One and Only has been idle for too long. It's time for me to continue my quest to pursue the Beauty.
:'''Qingque:''' Oh? Can't believe it's already time for us to part ways...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you feeling sad?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Anything else you want to say?
:'''Qingque:''' Um, not really... This just feels a bit odd, like something's missing.
:{{tx}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Oh no, did something bad happen to Qingque? I have to move faster!)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Rescue Qingque{{subst:void|<!--203060203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|Qingque has sent you a message, and it seems she has got herself into some... trouble in the Dreamscape.<br />You have arrived at the hotel in the Dreamscape, ready to uncover the trouble Qingque has got herself into this time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_G11)
:{{tx}}
::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' S&mdash;Stop! Evil giants have no access here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait a minute. Are you...
:::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' A&mdash;Are you... that lobby manager?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Giants?
:::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' Y&mdash;You heard me! Stop here if you don't want to get hurt!
:::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' Wait... Wait a minute. Are you... that lobby manager?
::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' Wh&mdash;What should I do... I&mdash;I think you're a good person...
::'''Fervent Follower:''' Don't be fooled by {{MC|f=her|m=him}}! All giants harbor malicious intent. They're all cunning devils!
::'''Uproarious Followers:''' Slash their ankles! Crush their knees!
::'''Fervent Follower:''' Make those arrogant giants look up at us on their knees! Make them remember the doctrine of the "Four-Foot Hall"!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I'm still taller than you even when I'm on my knees.
:::'''Fervent Follower:''' See? How arrogant! How conceited! The giants are all wicked!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain silent.)
:::'''Fervent Follower:''' Silent! Speechless! Evil giant, you will be purified by the master!
::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' In&mdash;Indeed. The master told us to never be swayed by the giants' blarney...
::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' Th&mdash;This is the gathering site of the Four-Foot Hall... I... I'm sorry I can't let you in!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to rescue someone.
:::'''Fervent Follower:''' Liar! Hypocrite! A true Four-Foot Follower doesn't need the help of a giant!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you guys really think you can stop me?
:::'''Fervent Follower:''' Ruthless! Brutal! Look, the evil giant can barely hide {{MC|f=her|m=his}} fangs!
::'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' F&mdash;For the sake of your safety, please drop the idea of breaking in!
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Talk with Master Royroy{{subst:void|<!--203060207-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|Now that you have transformed into Brother Hanu, your height is no longer a concern.<br />Blend into the gathering place of the Four-Foot Hall and locate Qingque... and if you are interested, you may also talk with that "Master" named Royroy and see what you can find out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the television to transform into Brother Hanu{{subst:void|<!--203060204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|This cult named Four-Foot Hall, formed of Pepeshi, do not welcome tall visitors like yourself.<br />You need to find another way. Transforming into Brother Hanu might do the trick...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_G13)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Hmph, I bet no one can stop me now.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Wait for me, Qingque! Ya {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}} is coming to your rescue!)
;(If {{F|TV_State}} is equal to 1)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
;(If {{F|TV_State}} is not equal to 1)
:;(Return to previous option selection)
;(Unused &mdash; TV_Open)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RequestGroupStateChange",
	"TargetState": 1
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_G23)
:'''No-Longer-Cowardly Pepeshi:''' F&mdash;For the sake of your safety, please drop the idea of breaking in!
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 203060208-->)
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Barging in might not be a good idea... I better go activate that Hanu's Adventure television set instead.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Rescue Qingque{{subst:void|<!--203060205-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|Now that you have transformed into Brother Hanu, your height is no longer a concern.<br />Blend into the gathering place of the Four-Foot Hall and locate Qingque... and if you are interested, you may also talk with that "Master" named Royroy and see what you can find out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the television to exit Hanu's Adventure{{subst:void|<!--203060208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|Having transformed into Brother Hanu, you have successfully located Qingque, but you are unable to convince her that you are her trusted friend who comes to her rescue.<br />Now you will have to resume your original form and send a distress signal to Boothill and Argenti.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Wait for Boothill and Argenti to come to your assistance{{subst:void|<!--203060209-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1223800
}</pre>
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|In order to save Qingque, you have contacted Boothill and Argenti, who are searching for clues about a certain evil organization in the Dreamscape.<br />Find a safe place and wait for their arrival.}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_G18)
:'''Boothill:''' Hey, you lil' fudgehead over there! Look here!
::'''Fervent Follower:''' Shoot, who's this monster that popped up out of nowhere!?
::'''Uproarious Followers:''' Soooo... scary! It's unbelievable there exist such hideous giants in this world. And there are two of them! Master, please pardon them...
::'''Argenti:''' "Hideous giants"? What a repulsive title! I can't let you insult my friend and Boothill here.
::Why am I not surprised to hear this from you...
::Is that how you interpret it?
::'''Boothill:''' I declare that your days of bullying innocent people are now over! Release the hostage, then get out of Penacony. Your safety will be guaranteed if you do as I say!
::'''Fervent Follower:''' Woah, what an aggressive and evil giant...
::'''Fervent Follower:''' Don't forget that we, the Four-Foot Hall, are invincible with the master's blessing! Everyone, crush the knees of these villains!
::'''Boothill:''' ...Holy forkeroni. Do they really want to get physical?
::'''Argenti:''' Be careful, my friend! Please stand behind Boothill and me.
::The zealous followers of Four-Foot Hall jump with all their might and strike at Boothill and Argenti's knees...
::...But with little success. Imagine using a Normal-Type attack on a Steel-Type opponent in a game.
::'''Fervent Follower:''' Ouch! It's so painful! My hands hurt...
::'''Uproarious Followers:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on!? How come these giants are immune to our faith-infused attacks?
::'''Boothill:''' ...I'm a muddle-fudging cyborg Ranger, kid!
::'''Argenti:''' Looks like the belief of the Knights of Beauty reigns supreme over yours.
::'''Royroy the Master:''' ...Everyone, please stay calm!
::'''Royroy the Master:''' The Four-Foot Aeon has spoken... They urged us not to panic, but to face our enemies with understanding and respect.
::'''Royroy the Master:''' You filthy giants, why must you disrupt the peace of the Four-Foot Hall? What kind of vile belief compels you to spread misery to the people of this world?
::'''Boothill:''' Given your eloquence, you must be the one in charge here, right?
::'''Boothill:''' I don't want to waste my breath arguing with you little forkers! Hand over the hostage in one minute, or you'll suffer for it!
::'''Royroy the Master:''' You incorrigible, sinful giant...
::'''Royroy the Master:''' I wanted to pray to the Four-Foot Aeon and ask for their forgiveness for you, but you are beyond redemption.
::'''Royroy the Master:''' If so, I have no choice but to adopt a more aggressive measure to manifest the kindness of the Four-Foot Hall...
::'''Royroy the Master:''' {{Size|28|Close the door and release the Dreamjolt Troupe!}}
::'''Boothill:''' Woah, I didn't see this coming!
::'''Argenti:''' Boothill, I'm truly honored to stand by your side in this fight against evil!
::In the end, we still have to resort to violence...
::...Please protect my knees!
::As you look down at the crowd of Pepeshi cultists below, you find yourself lost in thought...
::As the savior of Penacony and the renowned Galactic Baseballer, surely you can handle this '''small issue''' on your own, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perhaps they are concealing some secret weapons.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not that stupid to take on twenty of them alone...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wouldn't it be awesome to team up as a trio before diving into battle?
::'''Argenti:''' My friend, we got your call for help and rushed over here at the speed of a knight.
::'''Boothill:''' Speed of a knight? The Galaxy Rangers are the fastest!
::'''Boothill:''' ...Hold on. Why am I even competing with you over this? (Trailblazer), you said you found that "organization." Where is it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Point at the lower floor)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Check it out yourself.
::'''Boothill:''' ...The fork. I've never seen so many Pepeshi in the same place before.
::'''Argenti:''' Ah, what a perplexing sight. I'm afraid not even the altruistic Idrila would cast her gaze upon this place...
::'''Boothill:''' Wait, so what (Trailblazer) means is... these Pepeshi are the thugs we're looking for?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've verified it &mdash; this is an evil organization.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They abducted my friend!
::'''Boothill:''' Let me take another look at them... "Cults often act in groups and attack pedestrians indiscriminately. The crimes they mainly commit include hitting people's knees with blunt objects, forcing them to kneel, and stealing their shoes and hats..."
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confront the Four-Foot Hall{{subst:void|<!--203060211-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Operation: Rescue Qingque|update|In order to save Qingque, you have contacted Boothill and Argenti, who are searching for clues about a certain evil organization in the Dreamscape.<br />With the Galaxy Ranger and the Knight of Beauty arriving just in time, you are now filled with the courage to confront the believers of the Four-Foot Hall.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Boothill:''' Hey, you lil' fudgehead over there! Look here!
:'''Fervent Follower:''' Shoot, who's this monster that popped up out of nowhere!?
:'''Uproarious Followers:''' Soooo... scary! It's unbelievable there exist such hideous giants in this world. And there are two of them! Master, please pardon them...
:'''Argenti:''' "Hideous giants"? What a repulsive title! I can't let you insult my friend and Boothill here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why am I not surprised to hear this from you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that how you interpret it?
:'''Boothill:''' I declare that your days of bullying innocent people are now over! Release the hostage, then get out of Penacony. Your safety will be guaranteed if you do as I say!
:'''Fervent Follower:''' Woah, what an aggressive and evil giant...
:'''Fervent Follower:''' Don't forget that we, the Four-Foot Hall, are invincible with the master's blessing! Everyone, crush the knees of these villains!
:'''Boothill:''' ...Holy forkeroni. Do they really want to get physical?
:'''Argenti:''' Be careful, my friend! Please stand behind Boothill and me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} In the end, we still have to resort to violence...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Please protect my knees!
;(Enter battle)
::{{tx|Enemy list missing}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Checking Out
|zhs  = 退房
|zht  = 退房
|ja   = チェックアウト
|ko   = 체크아웃
|es   = Adiós, hotel, adiós
|fr   = Formalités de départ
|ru   = Выезд
|th   = เช็กเอาต์
|vi   = Trả Phòng
|de   = Check-out
|id   = Check-Out
|pt   = Hora de Partir
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
