<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Chirping Secret#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015801
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Chirping Secret.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Distant Travelers, Listen to this World's Prayer]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Prototype Garmentmaker; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*10; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Chirping Secret''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Investigate the strange mannequin
# Touch the roots of the Destined Love Tree
# Report the results to the garmentmaker

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Investigate the strange mannequin{{subst:void|<!--401580101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|A golden thread mannequin that looks as if it came from Penacony, you have been curious about this for a while. As for what exactly it is... perhaps you already know the answer?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to "Garmentmaker")
:As you touch the mannequin, Aglaea's voice emanates from within, causing you to shudder involuntarily.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' No need to panic, my distinguished guest. This mannequin is my "Garmentmaker." I have granted it a portion of my divinity so that it can take action like a living being.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Sometimes I use it as a model for tailoring clothes. If necessary, it can also carry out official duties or engage in battle.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see. It's like the miniature Hertas!
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Though I'm not sure what you mean, I agree this method of controlling puppets isn't exactly unique. As long as you understand, that's enough.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, it's you speaking?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Yes, the Garmentmaker can convey my words in various situations, which saves me the trouble of arguing with others.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The army of Garmentmakers will trample Okhema!
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Hehe, unfortunately, my divinity cannot be divided into so many pieces, and I have no reason to destroy the city I protect.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' ...
::The mannequin doesn't express displeasure at your interruption &mdash; it doesn't have a face capable of making expressions. But the sudden silence tells you that perhaps it's time to leave.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' My distinguished guest, please don't rush to leave yet. I still have something to say.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you read minds?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Only when we are connected by the golden thread. You've experienced it personally before, haven't you?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' In fact, I've been troubled by something recently. If you are willing to lend a hand, I would be very grateful. This is the truth.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't mean to touch this thing!
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' I'm not blaming you. I just have something to ask for your help with... Even though we're not currently connected by the golden thread, I want to convey my sincerity to you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why didn't you say this before?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' There's something I need your help with. I was just pondering how to start. Even though we're not currently connected by the golden thread, I want to convey my sincerity to you.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Not long before Okhema was invaded, I received some prophecies. Unfortunately, I was too busy to pay attention to them at the time.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' I've tried to interpret these prophecies recently and discovered they were obscured by an unknown force, which I can't unravel alone. Therefore, I need your assistance...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you need me to generate electricity?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' While you indeed received Oronyx's blessing, I'm afraid we must seek the help of the other Titans' kin in this matter.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Don't worry. I will assist you throughout the process and share the interpreted content with you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm happy to help.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Thank you. This is very important for me and Okhema. Don't worry. I'll help you throughout the process and share what I interpret.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have anyone else you can ask?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' As you said, I do have some reliable helpers, but most are burdened with duties from the Council of Elders &mdash; at this critical moment, I must avoid unnecessary complications.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Don't worry. I will assist you throughout the process and share the interpreted content with you.
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' In simple terms, I need you to help collect a type of creatures called "Creation Nymphs." They possess the Titans' blessings and can aid me in interpreting these prophecies.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Creation Nymphs?
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' That's a little complicated. In short, nymphs were essentially... human beings who had lived in the Era Chrysea.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Legend has it that Thanatos sent disciples of Romance to defective cocoons, where they were reborn as butterflies, destined to continue their lives as loyal aides to the Titan.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' In the Era Bellica, {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}} accidentally lost their divine form. {{Rubi|Mnestia|Romance Titan}}, unable to accept the fact that their lover was injured, collected Cerces' scattered bodies, intending to weave them together with threads to bring the other Titan back.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' The former followers of the two also voluntarily joined this arduous journey, and they are the Creation Nymphs. The beautiful and fragile belong to Mnestia, while the brave and strong belong to Cerces.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Reassembling a divine body is no easy task. The nymph must perceive all things, gathering wisdom and love from the words of others to provide for Mnestia's weaving of the golden threads. Thus, they have an alternate name: "Weavers."
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' But this act... is destined to be futile.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Information overload...
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' All you need to do is bring back any nymphs you encounter, and I'll handle the rest, distinguished guest.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' During the process of capturing them, you may witness some phenomena that are hard to comprehend. Don't worry. Those are merely the remnants they leave behind.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' In Okhema, the nymphs exist in the form of butterflies. The aura of "Romance" oozing from them is unusual, and should not be difficult to distinguish.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' I've asked my trusted nymph to prepare a small puzzle for practice. Why not give it a try, my esteemed guest? It may prove useful in unraveling future prophecies.
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' So, listen carefully. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Created by Cerces, yet bound by the string of romance. If you touch its roots, you can create a knot of destiny."}}
:::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Seek out its hidden place &mdash; I've left a gift there, just for you.
:'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Created by Cerces, yet bound by the string of romance. If you touch its roots, you can create a knot of destiny."}}
::'''Prototype Garmentmaker:''' Seek out that weaver's hidden place &mdash; I've left a gift there, just for you.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TutorialTaskUnlock",
	"TriggerParam": {
		"Value": "6127"
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Touch the roots of the Destined Love Tree{{subst:void|<!--401580102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|"A creation clearly of Cerces, but connecting the threads of romance. Touch its roots, and you can tie the knot of fate." A simple riddle... right?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the results to the garmentmaker{{subst:void|<!--401580109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|What could be so hard about catching bugs? It's time to show Aglaea your talent as a "Trailblazer."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to "Garmentmaker")
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Chirping Secret
|zhs  = 虫鸣秘闻
|zht  = 蟲鳴秘聞
|ja   = 虫鳴秘話
|ko   = 벌레들의 속삭임
|es   = El canto de los insectos
|fr   = Secrets du chant des insectes
|ru   = Жужжащие секреты
|th   = ความลับของเสียงแมลง
|vi   = Bí Mật Tiếng Côn Trùng
|de   = Das Geheimnis des Insektenzirpens
|id   = Rahasia Suara Serangga
|pt   = O Segredo do Canto dos Insetos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
