<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Warfare#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8000102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Warfare.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmic Warfare
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 22
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Leonard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Cosmic Warfare''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmic Warfare]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the base zone of the space station and find the source of the strange message
# Investigate the strange display monitor
# Talk with Leonard

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to the base zone of the space station and find the source of the strange message{{subst:void|<!--800010201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|A strange message arrives in your inbox, containing an unfamiliar name that rouses your suspicions. Go to the space station and investigate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the strange display monitor{{subst:void|<!--800010202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|You learn the whole story of the strange message from Leonard, whose gaze drifts toward the computer in the monitoring room as he begins to explain what Cosmic Warfare is...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Leonard)
:'''Leonard:''' This computer I have here. Take a look at it and you'll see what I mean.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Leonard{{subst:void|<!--800010205-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|Looks like you got involved with a fantastical game. Go talk with Leonard again and listen to what he has to say.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Leonard)
:'''Leonard:''' What do you think? Do you understand what's going on now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake.
::'''Leonard:''' Um. After all, as she'd put it: This is like a tutorial.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hard as diamonds.
::'''Leonard:''' Uh... really? That's okay. According to her, it's a multiplayer game. With everyone working together, we'll find a way...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's like playing a game.
::'''Leonard:''' To be precise, we are the ones playing a game... Even though we don't know what the creator's intentions are.
:'''Leonard:''' It's just as you've seen... One massive taunt. She's developed a game for the entire space station, turning the monitoring room into an arcade.
:'''Leonard:''' What's her purpose? Buying more time... Or a misdirection? I don't know, who even understands the motivations of a hacker...
:'''Leonard:''' Anyway, I'll just be cooped up in here trying to fix this problem. Give it a go just like she said if you're interested. Maybe you can beat the game? Gawd, another error!?
----

;(Talk to Leonard)
:'''Leonard:''' What's up? Speak.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About you...
::'''Leonard:''' Me?
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I rarely bump into you.
:::'''Leonard:''' Oh, that's the special nature of my work. If I'm not maintaining machines in the terminal room, I'll be in someone's office checking up on their computer. Sometimes I have to leave the zone for other jobs, too.
:::'''Leonard:''' It's just how it is. The maintenance team is understaffed. They can't recruit anyone... So that's why you hardly see me around.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What was your job before?
:::'''Leonard:''' Before this? I've always been an engineer. I used to work for the Interastral Peace Corporation, and I made rank... P24? P25, I think? I can't remember, for it's been a while since I worked there.
:::'''Leonard:''' I liked that workplace, but it was too big. A small fry like me could spend half a lifetime there without bumping into any bigwigs...
:::'''Leonard:''' The space station is different &mdash; you can hardly escape the Lead Researcher Asta. If you're lucky, you can even get your ears chewed off by Madam Herta &mdash; the same Herta from the Genius Society!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I want to ask about something else...
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About this incident...
::::'''Leonard:''' Mhm, go ahead.
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why's it called Cosmic Warfare?
:::::'''Leonard:''' Cosmic Warfare? To be honest... I dunno. I've never heard of this game. I asked all my buddies who know about this kind of thing, and I think it's some kind of an old game.
:::::'''Leonard:''' It's from the old display screens on those antique interstellar skiffs. Ugh... The type of game only an idle drunk miner could love.
:::::'''Leonard:''' And the original version of Cosmic Warfare never featured the Antimatter Legion, anyway. She's just played around with the game's engine. As for her aim... I have no idea.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How much do you know about this hacker?
:::::'''Leonard:''' Only what I could read from the program file. I do know a bit about where she's from: Punklorde &mdash; an extremely open cyberworld.
:::::'''Leonard:''' They're famous for their hackers, and some even regarded reality as a kind of immersive MMORPG. It's a world of promised land stacked with outstanding talent, so I'm not surprised they've produced a Stellaron Hunter there...
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How have you been getting on with things?
:::::'''Leonard:''' Not the best... I've done my best to isolate the intruder's viral influence to the monitoring room. I don't have to worry about other troubles throughout the space station, but as for everything else... It all needs more work.
:::::'''Leonard:''' My supervisor at the Maintenance Department said this is all fine. As of now, the space station has too much on its plate to handle. Since they're not making any further attacks, I should just keep it stabilized here.
:::::'''Leonard:''' Also, I wrote a script to block off those spam messages all day, every day... It's a little primitive, but it'll still be useful to some extent.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About this incident...
::'''Leonard:''' Mhm, go ahead.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why's it called Cosmic Warfare?
:::'''Leonard:''' Cosmic Warfare? To be honest... I dunno. I've never heard of this game. I asked all my buddies who know about this kind of thing, and I think it's some kind of an old game.
:::'''Leonard:''' It's from the old display screens on those antique interstellar skiffs. Ugh... The type of game only an idle drunk miner could love.
:::'''Leonard:''' And the original version of Cosmic Warfare never featured the Antimatter Legion, anyway. She's just played around with the game's engine. As for her aim... I have no idea.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How much do you know about this hacker?
:::'''Leonard:''' Only what I could read from the program file. I do know a bit about where she's from: Punklorde &mdash; an extremely open cyberworld.
:::'''Leonard:''' They're famous for their hackers, and some even regarded reality as a kind of immersive MMORPG. It's a world of promised land stacked with outstanding talent, so I'm not surprised they've produced a Stellaron Hunter there...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How have you been getting on with things?
:::'''Leonard:''' Not the best... I've done my best to isolate the intruder's viral influence to the monitoring room. I don't have to worry about other troubles throughout the space station, but as for everything else... It all needs more work.
:::'''Leonard:''' My supervisor at the Maintenance Department said this is all fine. As of now, the space station has too much on its plate to handle. Since they're not making any further attacks, I should just keep it stabilized here.
:::'''Leonard:''' Also, I wrote a script to block off those spam messages all day, every day... It's a little primitive, but it'll still be useful to some extent.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I want to ask about something else...
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About you...
::::'''Leonard:''' Me?
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I rarely bump into you.
:::::'''Leonard:''' Oh, that's the special nature of my work. If I'm not maintaining machines in the terminal room, I'll be in someone's office checking up on their computer. Sometimes I have to leave the zone for other jobs, too.
:::::'''Leonard:''' It's just how it is. The maintenance team is understaffed. They can't recruit anyone... So that's why you hardly see me around.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What was your job before?
:::::'''Leonard:''' Before this? I've always been an engineer. I used to work for the Interastral Peace Corporation, and I made rank... P24? P25, I think? I can't remember, for it's been a while since I worked there.
:::::'''Leonard:''' I liked that workplace, but it was too big. A small fry like me could spend half a lifetime there without bumping into any bigwigs...
:::::'''Leonard:''' The space station is different &mdash; you can hardly escape the Lead Researcher Asta. If you're lucky, you can even get your ears chewed off by Madam Herta &mdash; the same Herta from the Genius Society!
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Warfare
|zhs  = 太空大战争
|zht  = 太空大戰爭
|ja   = 宇宙大戦争
|ko   = 우주 대전쟁
|es   = Contienda cósmica
|fr   = Guerre cosmique
|ru   = Космическая война
|th   = สงครามอวกาศ
|vi   = Chiến Tranh Vũ Trụ
|de   = Kosmische Kriegsführung
|id   = Perang Luar Angkasa
|pt   = Guerra Cósmica
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
