<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Star#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2030001
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Star.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Whodunit]]'' completed
|summary       = The figure of the prematurely departed cosmic superstar Lesley Dean has reappeared at the Golden Hour.<br />However, he is not a real individual, but an illusion formed by numerous inseparable thoughts.<br />In the Dreamscape, this illusion continuously seeks evidence of its own existence.
|characters    = Annoyed Bloodhound; Captain Cromwell; Clockie; IPC Rep; Indifferent Bloodhound; Lesley Dean; Panicked Cleaning Lady; Pepeshi Fan; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*350; Stellar Jade*50; Traveler's Guide*5; Refined Aether*5; Lost Crystal*5; Clock Credits*360; Credit*80,000
}}
'''''Cosmic Star''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Locate a specific celebrity within the Golden Hour
# Listen to what Clockie has to share
# Complete Lesley Dean's Emo Dial
# Talk to the staff at the hotel in reality
# Return to the Golden Hour and talk to Lesley Dean
# Talk to Lesley Dean's fans to gather more information
# Search for Lesley Dean
# Help Lesley Dean and ensure his safety
# Return to the hotel in reality and locate Lesley Dean's room
# Search for clues left by Lesley Dean
# Talk to the janitor to gather clues about Lesley Dean
# Return to the Golden Hour and help Lesley Dean break free from his obsessions
# Talk to Lesley Dean

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate a specific celebrity within the Golden Hour{{subst:void|<!--203000101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|According to the Sweet Dream Times's reports, a certain deceased superstar has appeared in Penacony.<br />Intrigued, you decide to catch a glimpse of this "superstar."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to what Clockie has to share{{subst:void|<!--203000102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Clockie expresses concern about Lesley Dean's state. Maybe you should have a talk with him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Clockie)
:'''Clockie:''' Tick tock! There was something off about that person!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You mean Lesley?
::'''Clockie:''' Yes, that's him!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You mean the people crowding that man?
::'''Clockie:''' What are you talking about? I clearly mean the one that gave you an autograph!
:'''Clockie:''' My instincts are razor-sharp! That person is missing something... As soon as someone is missing something, they can no longer be called a complete person! Tick tock!
:'''Clockie:''' An incomplete person, how terrible! (Trailblazer), we have to think of a way to help him!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete Lesley Dean's Emo Dial{{subst:void|<!--203000103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Lesley Dean's Emo Dial lacks a specific emotion.<br />Complete it and help Lesley rediscover his true self.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; 2030001_DestroyFans)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400004,
		400002,
		400003
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the staff at the hotel in reality{{subst:void|<!--203000104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|All of a sudden, Lesley Dean becomes overwhelmed by a whirlwind of disorienting emotions, and he tells you that he has forgotten how to return to reality.<br />He desperately needs help. Return to reality and consult the hotel staff for guidance.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}



;(Talk to Lesley Dean)
:'''Lesley Dean:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)! If you can move freely between dreams and reality, would you be able to consult with a Family representative in the real world?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I do not wish to spend the rest of my days submerged in a dream, giving my all to play the part of someone else's shadow... I can imagine nothing more tragic.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), I wish to save myself. Will you help me?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Golden Hour and talk to Lesley Dean{{subst:void|<!--203000105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|You have a bad feeling that the Bloodhound Family might be working against Lesley Dean. Return to the Golden Hour and check in on him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Pepeshi Fan)
----
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' It's Lesley &mdash; Someone is trying to take Mr. Lesley away!
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' These thugs came out of nowhere and came rushing down the street. They just took him away without saying a word... They ran that way!
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' I'm begging you. You have to help him!
;(Unused &mdash; Performance_203000105)
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' Ah! Ahh! Help, help me!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Someone is calling for help? Let's go and take a look.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Lesley Dean's fans to gather more information{{subst:void|<!--203000114-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|One of Lesley Dean's fans is crying for help. Talk to her to get more information.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search for Lesley Dean{{subst:void|<!--203000106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Lesley Dean's fans inform you that the superstar is being pursued by gang members. Find him and figure out what happened.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Perf_203000105)
:----
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Who are you? What do you want? This... This is a dream. You can't take things you steal in a dream back to reality with you!
::'''Annoyed Bloodhound:''' Are you certain this is the anomaly?
::'''Indifferent Bloodhound:''' I am certain. His existence here has already violated multiple conditions in the Dream Agreement.
::'''Annoyed Bloodhound:''' Understood. Begin the removal process.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Wh&mdash;What are you doing?
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (This is bad... I have to stop them!)

;(Talk to Pepeshi Fan)
:'''Pepeshi Fan:''' I'm begging you. You have to help him!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Help Lesley Dean and ensure his safety{{subst:void|<!--203000107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|For some reason, Lesley Dean is being pursued by the Bloodhound Family. Help him resolve this issue.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I am in your debt, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)! If you had not rescued me, I don't know what they would have done to me.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Before you arrived, I overheard them mention a room number &mdash; {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Room 1007}}. Could that... Could that be the hotel room that I entered the dream from?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Also... Also they kept saying something about a "dream anomaly." What on earth could that mean?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I don't know how to wake up and can't remember the room number I entered the dream from. Maybe there is something wrong with me...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe they were here to wake you up?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Really? I wouldn't be so certain... If that were the case, why would they have been so violent? The Family would not normally treat guests in such a way.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I... I must confess to you, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)... I am very scared. I am scared that I will be faced with a terrifying reality when I awaken. I am also afraid to lose the consciousness that I have now.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' At least now, I can see, hear and sense the world around me... Who knows what kind of changes my body has undergone in reality?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Even if I know that this is a dream... So what? This dream world is realistic enough for many people to become immersed and feel alive, is it not?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} With every dream comes an awakening.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' You're right, but...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you not curious about what's happening in reality?
:Lesley falls silent for a moment. He lowers his head slightly, as his slender eyebrows droop. His eyes that radiate warmth and greatness become hidden from sight as his handsome face becomes half-devoured by the blue shadows.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...It would be a lie to say that I was not concerned with my real self in the slightest.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I still remember that last time I met you in the dream, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)... I said I wanted to "save myself."
:'''Lesley Dean:''' However, after you left, I calmed down and began to think in greater depth... I began to question whether or not this fantasy of mine really needed to be shattered.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I have everything that I could need here. Everything that I lost in the real world has been given to me once more in this dream.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Dreams and reality, truth and falsehoods... Must we separate them so clearly? I am willing to believe that the person you see before you is my true form... I don't wish to believe that in reality. I am nothing but a deformed body, covered in scars.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We all have to face reality eventually.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is your life, your decision.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Thank you... You really are a dear friend.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
:Lesley raises his head. Inside his lax gaze, you catch a glimpse of determination.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Room 1007}}... Perhaps you could find time to take a look at what happened in there?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' If you happen to learn of the truth... I shall leave it up to you whether to share it with me or not.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Right now, I find myself wracked with incessant anxiety. I cannot bring myself to calm down and carefully consider my future. You are my savior, so I trust your judgment.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' For now, I should find a discreet corner and lay low. I don't want to find myself in trouble again...

;(Talk to Lesley Dean)
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Right now, I find myself wracked with incessant anxiety. I cannot bring myself to calm down and carefully consider my future. You are my savior, so I trust your judgment.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' For now, I should find a discreet corner and lay low. I don't want to find myself in trouble again...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the hotel in reality and locate Lesley Dean's room{{subst:void|<!--203000109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|According to the Bloodhound Family, Lesley Dean is staying in room 1007.<br />Lesley Dean wants you to investigate his room in reality.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
----
:You've found it... Room 1007, the room that Lesley Dean mentioned.
:It is possible that the truth behind the Cosmic Star lies behind this door. Perhaps, he has fallen into a deep sleep from which he cannot wake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Knock.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_doorknock"
	}
}</pre>
:*Knock, knock*
:...
:No answer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Try to open the door.
::You sense that something is not right. If something were to happen to a great man like Lesley Dean, The Family would not likely just ignore it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go and search for an attendant...
::Wait... Something isn't right. If something had happened to a great man like Lesley Dean, The Family would not likely just ignore it.
:Considering the way The Family treated Lesley Dean inside the dream, getting them involved may not be a good idea... That's if they haven't already taken action.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Turn the door handle.
:You try turning the door handle, with only a paltry amount of hope in your heart.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_storyd_dooropen"
	}
}</pre>
----
:The door is unlocked... But there is no guest to be found sleeping inside.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Let's go in and investigate...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search for clues left by Lesley Dean{{subst:void|<!--203000110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|You arrive at room 1007, only to discover that Lesley Dean is not present.<br />Search around for any clues that might provide insight.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; TVPerf)
:There is a movie playing on the television. Quick cuts and dazzling special effects quickly overwhelm your senses.
::After a series of shocking scenes featuring exploding warships, a close-up of Lesley Dean's handsome face takes the screen.
::It seems that he's playing a warship pilot... Likely a heroic figure that played a critical role in the long-drawn-out Interstellar Energy War, someone whose name people remember well.
::You see his name in the subtitles &mdash; "Captain Cromwell." In this tense showdown, he seems to be engaged in a war of words with a sly IPC elite.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Watch attentively for a while.
:::'''Captain Cromwell:''' "...This has nothing to do with the price IPC have offered. The Sixth Fleet's position on this matter cannot be changed by price, for it goes against our values."
:::'''IPC Rep:''' "I understand that you value your contracts and your honor. But I implore you to think carefully about this... Are you sure that the people on your ship share your firm beliefs, Captain?"
:::'''IPC Rep:''' "You have no family, no children, no one to be concerned for... So, you battle for your beliefs. You would even take them to your grave. But what about them? Do they feel the same?"
:::'''IPC Rep:''' "You imagine yourself a martyr and a hero, but do not forget... When it comes down to it, you are no more than just a group of mercenaries, warmongers that settle matters for credits. Do not think the afterlife has a place for you, captain."
:::'''Captain Cromwell:''' "I have never believed in life after death, Mr. Thompson. Nor do I think that you believe in these ideas that you spout."
:::'''Captain Cromwell:''' "You do not understand me, let alone the men by my side. There is one thing that you should have understood by now..."
:::'''Captain Cromwell:''' "...The reason that I am the person sitting here in discussion with you is not because I am the so-called captain, but because I am the only person that can withstand your obsession with money. Honestly, it's taking all of my strength not to spit in your face."
:::'''Captain Cromwell:''' "I will give you five minutes to take your paper scraps and get lost back to your ship. Tell the IPC directors, the Sixth Fleet shall visit Pier Point one day..."
::{{DIcon|Exit}} There are more important things to do.

;(Unused &mdash; BillPerf)
:At first, you could not understand why paper checks would still exist in a world like Penacony.
::But, having read what was written on the paper, you understood: Having this string of numbers printed on each note especially was a sign of The Family's dwindling patience.
::The guest staying in this room is already nearly two weeks behind on payments... It seems that The Family's attitude in treating overdue guests is more lenient than you imagined.
::Is Lesley Dean's situation already so dire that he can no longer afford the room fee? This would not be surprising, as news about stars going bankrupt pops up in the Interastral Peace Broadcast almost daily...

;(Unused &mdash; PhotoPerf)
:There is a stack of pictures of Lesley Dean on the hotel room floor, and some of them have his personal autograph on them.
::Would someone really carry this many pictures on their person? You can't help but ask yourself. Maybe this Cosmic Star is just self-obsessed?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300008
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; LetterPerf)
:----
::There is an envelope lying in the bottom of the dream device, with no signatures or markings on it.
::You slide your fingers inside the already torn open envelope and pull out a yellow-tinged letter.
::The letter is covered in dense, scribbled writing... It took a while for the Synesthesia Beacon to be able to translate it.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190567
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvEntityStopLookAt",
	"SourceType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvLocalPlayer"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAnchor",
		"GroupID": 43,
		"GroupInstanceID": 7
	}
}</pre>
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (There is a lot of information in here. Let's summarize the main points...)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (The person that lives here is not Lesley Dean. The real Lesley Dean died long ago... However, his memories have been preserved as memoria.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (A group of Lesley's fans had found a way to pool their funds and purchase his memories, taking it with them into Penacony.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Then, they entered the dream as a group and connected their individual consciousness networks to recreate the image of Lesley Dean through the Synesthesia Dreamscape.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (The Lesley that I met in the dream, though infused with the memories of that Cosmic Star, was nothing more than just a fabricated fantasy...)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001
	]
}</pre>
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (So, the owner of this room must be...)
::'''???:''' ...Who... who is in that room!?

;(Obtain {{Item|Lesley Dean's Rebirth Project|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the janitor to gather clues about Lesley Dean{{subst:void|<!--203000111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|It turns out that Lesley Dean has been gone for some time, and the person in the Dreamscape was created by his fans struggling to accept his death.<br />A startled janitor appears behind you. Perhaps she knows something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Panicked Cleaning Lady)
:'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' Who... who are you!? The gentleman living in this room should have been... Ahem, he should have already checked out of this room?
::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' Did... Did I forget to lock it after I finished cleaning?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, it wasn't locked.
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' Oh&mdash;Oh no! Pl&mdash;Please... you seem like a reasonable person... Please do not tell The Family about this!
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' Or else, or else... I know that they will deem me negligent of my duties and forbid me from ever dreaming again!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where did the guest in this room go?
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' This gentleman has already left Penacony. He...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me, I will not tell anyone.
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' ...I, okay. I believe that you will not tell anyone about this.
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' I heard that this client was forced to leave as he was behind on his room fees. He had been in Penacony for a very long time... But he didn't look like a rich man to me.
:::Where did the guest in this room go?
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' This gentleman has already left Penacony. He...
:::Tell me, I will not tell anyone.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where did the guest in this room go?
:::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' This gentleman has already left Penacony. He...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me, I will not tell anyone.
::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' ...Okay. I beg that you please do not tell anyone about this! Or else I know that The Family will deem me negligent of my duties and forbid me from ever dreaming again!
::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' I heard that this client was forced to leave as he was behind on his room fees. He had been in Penacony for a very long time... But he didn't look like a rich man to me.
::'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' Many people are willing to pay any price to experience the "Dreamscape." They go as far as to spend every penny to their name just to be in Penacony...
::{{tx}}
:'''Panicked Cleaning Lady:''' Um, I have told you everything I can... If you don't mind, could you please leave this place? I need to hurry up and tidy this room. There are other guests that wish to move in.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Golden Hour and help Lesley Dean break free from his obsessions{{subst:void|<!--203000112-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|It turns out that Lesley Dean has been gone for some time, and the person in the Dreamscape was created by his fans struggling to accept his death.<br />Return to the Golden Hour and inform him of the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; OpenLeslieRaid)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 203000112,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 43305,
	"OnCancel": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Lesley Dean{{subst:void|<!--203000113-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|You have helped Lesley Dean in freeing the people who created him, and now he has no regrets.<br />Talk to him and conclude this bizarre journey.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lesley Dean)
:'''Lesley Dean:''' We may never meet again, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). But... "I pray that the gentle universe blesses your every breath, my friend."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' ...My favorite movie is ''The Mint-Colored Galaxy''. If you get an opportunity, I hope you will watch it together with the one you love.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' We're back, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)...
::Lesley's voice is growing weaker, his skin and clothing slowly growing as transparent as light muslin.
::The cityscape of Penacony reflected on his body, half illusion, half true. No blood or bones could be seen under his skin, only candles and starlight.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' My body feels so... light, so powerless. My mind... I feel it growing thin. My senses are becoming dull...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are disappearing...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The dream is over.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' But... I don't know why, I feel at ease. I've never felt this peace of mind inside the dream world like this.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I feel like I can see... I can see... myself. The Lesley Dean inside my body... It's as if he's smiling at me and saying: "Well done."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' It is strange to say it, I was so scared before of losing "myself"... But ever since you told me the truth, I've gained the courage to let go.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' After experiencing all of this with you... I feel even more determined. I know that I have done the right thing.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), may I ask you a final question?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ask away.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' In the future... After I disappear, how do you think people will remember the name "Lesley Dean"?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is the star who will never die.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Cosmic Star."
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' Indeed, Lesley Dean was born for the silver screen. That star once shined bright in the sky. Even if it was just a fleeting moment, there are those who would remember his brilliance forever.
:::He is a loving man.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Universal Lover."
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' In his brief few decades in this world, Lesley never learned how to love without reservation... Yet, he was supported by so many.
:::He is a noble man.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is a loving man.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Universal Lover."
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' In his brief few decades in this world, Lesley never learned how to love without reservation... Yet, he was supported by so many.
:::He is a noble man.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He is a noble man.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Lesley Dean &mdash; "Man with a Heart of Gold."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Lesley Dean once lived, unable to make his own decisions, and also made many decisions that he regretted... But though he was surrounded by fame and fortune, his kind heart was never changed.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I should be grateful to those people that used the dreamscape to create "me." They gave their passion and their lives to create "me," so it was my duty to repay them and help them move on.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Star
|zhs  = 银河之星
|zht  = 銀河之星
|ja   = 銀河のスター
|ko   = 은하 스타
|es   = Superestrella galáctica
|fr   = Étoile cosmique
|ru   = Космическая суперзвезда
|th   = ซูเปอร์สตาร์แห่งกาแล็กซี
|vi   = Ngôi Sao Ngân Hà
|de   = Galaktischer Superstar
|id   = Bintang Galaksi
|pt   = Estrela Cósmica
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
