<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Disquieting Dream#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2040301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Disquieting Dream.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Hero, Bear Thy Coreflame]]'' completed
|summary       = The call of spirits has vanished from Pasithea's dreams. Only the murmurs of Oronyx remain, whispering the fate of humankind in an almost-silent dream.
|characters    = Acolyte; Attendant; Calm Priest; Citizens Outside the Temple; Devout Citizens; Dignified Citizen; Enthusiastic Citizen; Jittery Priest; Lazing Guard; Mem; Nameless Woman; Pasithea; Scornful Citizen; Silent Citizen; Trailblazer; Wavering Mother
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*400; Stellar Jade*50; Traveler's Guide*6; Refined Aether*5; Lost Crystal*6; Celestial Ambrosia*200; Credit*90,000
}}
'''''Disquieting Dream''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Wait for Pasithea to appear in the Plaza
# Speak with Pasithea
# Question the nearby citizens
# Question the citizens further away
# Ask the Holy City Guard for clues
# Find a "companion" to help
# Follow Mem's direction and rescue Pasithea
# Speak with Pasithea
# Report the situation to Tribbie
# Go to the Abyss of Fate
# Use the Prophecy Tablet of Oronyx
# Touch the concentrated memory
# Track down the next celestial echo
# Use the Titan's Prophecy Tablet again
# Touch the memory of the past
# Head to the Temple of the Three Fates
# Touch the disorderly memories
# Listen to the whispering in your ears
# Lift the curtain of the past
# Head to the highest level of the temple to witness the end of the maiden's story
# (Optional) Review the law of the judgment
# Continue onwards and search for the priest's remains
# Reach the end of the Temple to receive the Titan's revelation
# Return to Pasithea's side
# Take Pasithea back home
# Touch the final memory

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Wait for Pasithea to appear in the Plaza{{subst:void|<!--204030102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|You have already witnessed "prophecies" in many forms along your trailblazing expedition: Divinations of the Quantum History School, extrapolations of the Matrix of Prescience... Just what kind of fate will you be shown in Amphoreus?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:This should be the place that Tribbie mentioned, but you don't even glimpse a hair of that great soothsayer.
:You Okhemans are so slothful! Has Kephale never taught you the virtue of punctuality in your labors?
:According to the School of Relative Cognition's First Law of Waiting, when you wait without purpose, the relative time your brain experiences will experience a state of exponential increase.
:You decide to give your brain some exercise and pass the time. You remember who we're looking for, (Trailblazer)?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pasithea.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hypatia.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Patavia.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have no idea.
:Nice answer! You managed to get yourself all dizzy. According to the Second Law of Waiting, your perception of time will be accelerated to 99% the speed of light.
:Of course, the above was all made up by the School of Relative Cognition.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You were pulling my leg!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Baseballer is angry!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Narrator, that's not funny at all.
:Rather than waiting around, why not catch the early worm? Ask around for Pasithea's sightings.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Pasithea{{subst:void|<!--204030137-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Until the day our dreams fall quiet once more, until we meet again in the land of our dreams.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:The lingering memories fade into the air. From today on, Pasithea's dreams will not be haunted by the echoes of "the ghost" anymore.
:Pasithea's lips curl up then inwards. She clenches her jaw, fighting to hold back her tears.
:'''Pasithea:''' ...
:'''Pasithea:''' I've never once thought this would be the truth. My mother... the last time I saw her, I wasn't {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} Holy Maiden yet.
:'''Pasithea:''' My friend, how did my mother's figure look?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Healthy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Skinny.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I couldn't see clearly.
:'''Pasithea:''' In the end, both my mother and I became liars who fabricated prophecies.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They were lies out of goodwill.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There will be a chance to make amends.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:'''Pasithea:''' I chased destiny to this point, only to end up with nothing. Oronyx, and my mother... have we truly succeeded in breaking free from our own destinies?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No one can escape destiny.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have both already transcended destiny.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destiny might not exist after all.
:'''Pasithea:''' How ridiculous. This question has bothered me for years, yet when I discover the truth, I realize that all these are no longer important.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Question the nearby citizens{{subst:void|<!--204030103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|The prophet isn't working today. They're not working, not working.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scornful Citizen)
:Before he loses his temper completely, it's best that you avoid provoking him any further.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Devout Citizens
:{{tx}}
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' Outlander friend, I see you've been waiting long. You must be seeking a prophecy from the Oracle Dreammother?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know where she has gone?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ugh, don't tell me there's a queue.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hello, Pasithea.
::'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' How would I dare be mentioned on equal stature with the Oracle Dreammother? In the presence of her erudition, I am but a leaf in Cerces' forest.
:'''Dignified Citizen:''' Don't panic. Please allow us a moment of your time to introduce Pasithea &mdash; our prophet.
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' None knows of her past. She emerged from the ruins of Janusopolis, leading refugees across the black tide.
:'''Dignified Citizen:''' She foresaw the trails of the future in her dreams, and hand-picked those summoned by destiny, bestowing prophecies upon them, to guide the lost through the fog.
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' We even once suspected her to be one of the Chrysos Heirs because of her blind eyes. Either that, or one of {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} kin.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sound a lot like a drama troupe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not paying a dime, even if your singing is fantastic.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop ruining the sci-fi theme of this story!
:'''Silent Citizen:''' Anyway, she's a good person. If she didn't remind me to return home earlier, my daughter would have been summoned to {{Rubi|Thanatos'|Death Titan}} kingdom by the fire.
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' She even had an old person go to Okhema's city gates on the first day of the Month of Cultivation. There, he found the two brothers he thought lost during the war.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you even seen her before?
:'''Devout Citizens:''' Nope.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Question the citizens further away{{subst:void|<!--204030104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scornful Citizen)
:{{tx}}
:'''Scornful Citizen:''' Hmph, another fool misled by that charlatan. Before you get scammed upside down by her, a word of advice &mdash; go wash your face and clear your mind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you seen her before?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've already washed my face.
::'''Scornful Citizen:''' Are you deaf or dumb? I'm telling you not to listen to that drivel. So-called prophecies are nothing but honeyed lies.
::Hello, Pasithea.
::'''Scornful Citizen:''' Tsk, no wonder you're foolish enough to believe this supposed Oracle Dreammother &mdash; your eyes are just as useless as hers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hello, Pasithea.
::'''Scornful Citizen:''' Tsk, no wonder you're foolish enough to believe this supposed Oracle Dreammother &mdash; your eyes are just as useless as hers.
:'''Scornful Citizen:''' It'll be too late if you want to meet Pasithea. When I arrived, I happened to witness the city guards escorting that scoundrel away.
:'''Scornful Citizen:''' So many years, and someone smart finally saw through her tricks.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this what schadenfreude means?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've also been suspicious, actually.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why couldn't I be the one who thwarted her!
:'''Scornful Citizen:''' Before Janusopolis was destroyed, the priests of the Temple of the Three Fates frequently concocted prophecies, colluding with those scummy politicians.
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Lazing Guard)
:'''Lazing Guard:''' If you're here seeking a prophecy, it's better to do it some other day &mdash; it's probably fate's decree that you're not being able to meet her.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Devout Citizens
----
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' Don't be anxious. As long as you follow the guidance of destiny, you will surely encounter Lady Pasithea.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask the Holy City Guard for clues{{subst:void|<!--204030105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scornful Citizen)
:Before he loses his temper completely, it's best that you avoid provoking him any further.

;(Talk to Lazing Guard)
:{{tx}}
:'''Lazing Guard:''' Isn't this Lady Aglaea's guest? What matter of business do you have here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} An honor to meet you, Pasithea.
::'''Lazing Guard:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}, just look at my burly build. I didn't even shave properly. How can I possibly be associated with that Dreammother?
::I'm looking for Pasithea.
::Pasithea, I'm here to save you!
::'''Lazing Guard:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}, I think you're mistaken.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm looking for Pasithea.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pasithea, I'm here to save you!
::'''Lazing Guard:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}, I think you're mistaken.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' If you're looking for Lady Pasithea, she has left. Judging by her troubled look, it's likely caused by that dream.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' It's also our fault, as we often trouble her to assist us for our work, yet we can hardly help her when it comes to her work. Janusopolis' Ghost... It would be great if we can catch it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ghost?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm familiar with this. Are we going ghostbusting?
::'''Lazing Guard:''' *sigh* Please don't tease us.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' Speaking of this "ghost," you could say it and I are old acquaintances.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' When the black tide descended, my father took me and escaped. But, the danger was greater than we could ever imagine.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' The people with us disappeared one by one in the darkness. Hunger and fear gradually turned into despair. But then, {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} Titankin appeared in front of us.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' It said that, within the dilapidated Temple of the Three Fates, a prophet named Pasithea was waiting for us. She will bring a prophecy from the Fate Titans, leading us to Okhema.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' Whatever happened next was exactly what the Titankin said. We found her among the ruins, and she saved us with her prophecy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This ghostly person seems quite nice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The tone of the story has shifted.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't this a really positive vibe?
:'''Lazing Guard:''' If things just ended there, it would have been fine. But since then, Pasithea often hears its voice in her dreams. Year after year, it's like a ghost haunting her.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' We've also tried returning to the Abyss of Fate, looking for that Titankin, but it was all in vain.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There may be another hidden reason...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So many twists and turns.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've gotten goosebumps.
:'''Lazing Guard:''' After arriving at Okhema, Lady Pasithea quickly integrated herself. She offers her help to those chosen by destiny and routinely bestows her prophecies on us, just like today.
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Devout Citizens
----
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' Don't be anxious. As long as you follow the guidance of destiny, you will surely encounter Lady Pasithea.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (There's a city guard nearby that seems free. Maybe he'll know something?)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a "companion" to help{{subst:void|<!--204030106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Hmph, now you think of me?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scornful Citizen)
:Before he loses his temper completely, it's best that you avoid provoking him any further.

;(Talk to Lazing Guard)
:'''Lazing Guard:''' If you're here seeking a prophecy, it's better to do it some other day &mdash; it's probably fate's decree that you're not being able to meet her.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Devout Citizens
----
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' Don't be anxious. As long as you follow the guidance of destiny, you will surely encounter Lady Pasithea.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:Though it's not polite to snoop into others' past, but if you think about it, you've done plenty of that too.
:Besides, if you want to locate Pasithea, this is the only way left.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will Special Summon Mem to the battlefield.
::'''Mem:''' I don't know why, but I can't help but feel resentful.
::Mem, I choose you!
::'''Mem:''' Why are you treating me like a pet! Mem's gonna get angry!
::Help me, Super Mem!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mem, I choose you!
::'''Mem:''' Why are you treating me like a pet! Mem's gonna get angry!
::Help me, Super Mem!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Help me, Super Mem!
:'''Mem:''' Ugh, I really want to ignore you.
:'''Mem:''' I've heard most of the details. Since you asked me with such sincerity, I shall help you mercifully.
:Mem has a serious expression, with a gaze that seems to penetrate into the past. But, from your perspective, it looks like it's just floating about.
:'''Mem:''' Phew, what a sad expression. What's in her hand? A diary?
:'''Mem:''' Do I need to take a look at what's written inside?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, take a good look.
::'''Mem:''' Remember, doing this is not of Mem's own will, but by you forcing Mem's hands.
::Let's not then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's not then.
:'''Mem:''' Ah... She's opening the diary on her own.
:'''Mem:''' Ugh, what messy handwriting. "Yet another voice disappeared, and I still remember... Pasithea, you're the most despicable liar. It's you who fabricated the prophecy, and everyone perished because of you."
:'''Mem:''' The writing on this page is practically swirling in circles. I'm so dizzy...
:'''Mem:''' "Everything that's happening is {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} punishment for me &mdash; I betrayed them, and I deserved this."
:'''Mem:''' "Veil of Evernight, these blind eyes can no longer get a glimpse of your..."
:'''Mem:''' ...She's writing with such force that she's almost piercing through the paper.
:'''Mem:''' "I've given up... I've never been able to break free from the shackles of fate since the beginning. If there's a way to break free of it, I can only think of one..."
:'''Mem:''' Oh shoot! Something huge is happening!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did she write?
:'''Mem:''' "Death! I will return to the embrace of Thanatos!" We have to find her quickly!
:{{tx}}

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:According to the city guard, destiny has already decided you will not meet Pasithea.
:However, you can choose a more unconventional method. For example, letting a fellow companion delve into her memories...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Mem's direction and rescue Pasithea{{subst:void|<!--204030107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Pasithea is thinking of taking her own life... You must find her quickly!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scornful Citizen)
:Before he loses his temper completely, it's best that you avoid provoking him any further.

;(Talk to Lazing Guard)
:'''Lazing Guard:''' If you're here seeking a prophecy, it's better to do it some other day &mdash; it's probably fate's decree that you're not being able to meet her.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Devout Citizens
----
:'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' Don't be anxious. As long as you follow the guidance of destiny, you will surely encounter Lady Pasithea.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Mem:''' *sniff sniff* Ah! I know! An elevated place! A place near the skies!

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Mem:''' A dangerous place, a place hidden from everyone else. Ugh, where is it...
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Pasithea{{subst:void|<!--204030108-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:You made it! Panting heavily, you stop in front of Pasithea, with only one thought echoing in your blank mind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} *coughs* Let me catch my breath.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 504037001-->)
::{{tx}}
;(Otherwise)
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your foresight is amazing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ugh, I've been exposed.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nope, I am Tribbie.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Oh really? But your voice seems quite mature for Lady Tribbie.
::'''Pasithea:''' I remember every voice in this city. Naturally, I can differentiate from the new voices.
::'''Pasithea:''' We meet again, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer).
::'''Pasithea:''' I've always thought that no one will find this place due to the guidance from my dream's prophecy, but it seems like it overlooked the visitor beyond destiny.
:That was a close one! Trailblazer, oh Trailblazer, have you forgotten the important mission you carry? Your brain runs at full capacity, thinking of ways to stop her from jumping down.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Life is still pretty good.
::'''Pasithea:''' Yes. Even if the Evernight covers my eyes, I still can hear the murmurs of distant Oronyx from here.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The weather today is great.
::'''Pasithea:''' As you said, although I am unable to get a glimpse of the Dawn Device that Kephale is carrying, the warmth of its light still brings me joy.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When I sleep at night, I kick away my blanket!
::'''Pasithea:''' Really? This is not a good habit. May Oronyx bestow their blessings upon you, and bless you with blissful sleep.
::{{tx}}
::You made it! Panting heavily, you stop in front of Pasithea, with only one thought echoing in your blank mind.
::*coughs* Let me catch my breath.
::'''Pasithea:''' Don't rush, my friend. I'm not Mnestia's butterfly. I will not flit away before your eyes. Before you start, let me guess your identity...
::'''Pasithea:''' You're the honored guest of the Chrysos Heirs who was causing such a commotion at Okhema just a few days back, right?
::Your foresight is amazing.
::Ugh, I've been exposed.
::Nope, I am Tribbie.
::'''Pasithea:''' Oh really? But your voice seems quite mature for Lady Tribbie.
::'''Pasithea:''' I remember every voice in this city. Naturally, I can differentiate from the new voices.
::'''Pasithea:''' We meet again, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer).
::'''Pasithea:''' I've always thought that no one will find this place due to the guidance from my dream's prophecy, but it seems like it overlooked the visitor beyond destiny.
::That was a close one! Trailblazer, oh Trailblazer, have you forgotten the important mission you carry? Your brain runs at full capacity, thinking of ways to stop her from jumping down.
::Life is still pretty good.
::'''Pasithea:''' Yes. Even if the Evernight covers my eyes, I still can hear the murmurs of distant Oronyx from here.
::The weather today is great.
::'''Pasithea:''' As you said, although I am unable to get a glimpse of the Dawn Device that Kephale is carrying, the warmth of its light still brings me joy.
::When I sleep at night, I kick away my blanket!
::'''Pasithea:''' Really? This is not a good habit. May Oronyx bestow their blessings upon you, and bless you with blissful sleep.
::Pasithea wears a serene smile on her face, but you know it's just a sign of numbness.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please, don't do anything rash!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please don't die in my mission!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Reincarnation comes with risks. Please consider carefully before resetting.
::'''Pasithea:''' Huh? I was just taking a stroll... Unless? Judging by your urgent tone, you're here because of this?
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Someone said you're a liar.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Thank you for your concern, but this doesn't seem to be related to the conclusion you've drawn.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you dreamed of ghosts.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Thank you for your concern, but this doesn't seem to be related to the conclusion you've drawn.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell the truth)
:::You tell Pasithea everything you've seen along the way, including collaborating with Mem to sneak a glance at the diary. Only, her reaction is entirely different from what you expected.
:::'''Pasithea:''' ...Y&mdash;You're saying that Mem can access my memories!?
:::'''Pasithea:''' Hoo... Sorry, allow me to collect myself...
:::'''Pasithea:''' The situation with the diary... I can't really explain clearly now. But I hope you can call upon that friend you call Mem to help me find someone.
:::'''Pasithea:''' That spirit... That {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} kin.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That ghost?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oronyx's kin?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's this?
:::'''Pasithea:''' The slumbering Oronyx often conceals fate within their murmurs. The murmurs traverse the celestial veil and become sounds beyond the reach of ordinary people. I can hear their murmurs and glean prophecies from them.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Yet, for many years, my dreams have always been plagued with another noise.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Although it's very muffled, two words are clearer than anything else.
:::'''Pasithea:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Pasithea}}, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|liar}}.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Oronyx... are they angry over my betrayal, hence them meting such punishment? If that's the case, why did they send their kin to guide others to save me from the ruins?
:::'''Pasithea:''' What is destiny? This question feels like a knife, gouging out my eyes and leaving them at the ruins. I can hear the whispers of the future in my dreams, yet my eyes can only gaze into the past.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Everyone in the holy city takes care of me, yet their searches yield nothing. If it's you &mdash; perhaps Oronyx's blessing will lead you to it.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am that OP.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's all thanks to Mem.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We are the Invincible Duo.
:::'''Pasithea:''' Oronyx's dream murmurs not only hold the fate of the future, but also memories of the past.
:::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the situation to Tribbie{{subst:void|<!--204030109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Why are Oronyx's kin so intent on bothering Pasithea? Perhaps there is a clue to be found in the scattered celestial echoes?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Pasithea)
:'''Pasithea:''' As long as you can bring me the echoes from beyond the veil left behind at the Abyss of Fate, I will be able to find traces of the Titan's whereabouts and hear the truth from their mouth.
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 204030109,
	"MessageSectionID": 1410200
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Abyss of Fate{{subst:void|<!--204030110-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Mem:''' To find {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} echoes from beyond the sky in such a huge place... it feels a little vague.
:'''Mem:''' It's decided! Let's make do and use Oronyx's prophecy tablet.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Calm Priest:''' If you and I both keep quiet, who will know whether the Holy Maiden living at the depths of the temple is the same person as before?

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Pasithea:''' Recite the Gate of Infinity... Talanton's praise!
:'''Acolyte:''' Nonsense! That's Janus!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Wavering Mother:''' Don't get distracted, Pasithea. Keep following the instructions of the acolyte.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropSetVisibility",
	"SpecifiedRelativePaths": [],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropEnableCollider",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEventV2",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerLock"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionOpen)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300004,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400002
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400003
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400004
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400005
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400006
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400007
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionClose)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"NeedDisappear": true,
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300004,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400002
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400003
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400004
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400005
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400006
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400007
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareGroupProperty","DynamicName":{"Value":"SGP_PuzzleState"}}-->}})
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntityV2",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001,
		300002,
		300004
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.BindPropsCablelines",
	"StartPropInstanceID": 300001,
	"EndPropInstanceID": 300002,
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004,
	"LineEffectPath": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "LineEffect"
	},
	"MoveEffectPath": {
		"Value": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/InteractiveProp/Eff_Chap04_Prop_OracleMachine_01_Ball_Lod0.prefab"
	},
	"MoveEffectSpeedOverride": {
		"IsDynamic": true,
		"PostfixExpr": {
			"OpCodes": "AQAR",
			"FixedValues": [],
			"DynamicHashes": [
				584429333
			]
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPropCablelineVisible",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002
		]
	},
	"Flags": [],
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/InteractiveProp/Eff_Chap04_Prop_OracleMachine_01_Hint_Lod0.prefab",
	"AttachPoint": "Root",
	"Scale": {
		"X": 1,
		"Y": 1,
		"Z": 1
	},
	"SubObjectModifyDataList": []
}</pre>
:;(Upon reaching the destination)
:;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareTarget","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvLocalPlayer"},"CompareType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchTaskActionTarget"}}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPropCablelineVisible",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004,
	"IsVisible": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amphoreus_oraclepuzzle_idle"
	},
	"EmitterType": "TargetEvaluator",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareTarget","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvLocalPlayer"},"CompareType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchTaskActionTarget"}}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPropCablelineVisible",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004,
	"IsVisible": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amphoreus_oraclepuzzle_idle"
	},
	"EmitterType": "TargetEvaluator",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; OraclePuzzleEndLinePerform)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ToastPage",
	"MessageOne_DS": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "Toast1"
	},
	"MessageTwo": {
		"Hash": 2012001348524219443
	}
}</pre>
::<!--0.4-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "FCV"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
::<!--0.5-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.UnBindPropsCablelines",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amphoreus_oraclepuzzle_idle_stop"
	},
	"EmitterType": "TargetEvaluator",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002
		]
	},
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/InteractiveProp/Eff_Chap04_Prop_OracleMachine_01_Hint_Lod0.prefab",
	"Flags": []
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OraclePuzzleStartLinePerform)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropEnableCollider",
	"SpecifiedRelativePaths": [],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300005
		]
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RequestSetServerGroupProperty",
	"DynamicName": {
		"Value": "SGP_PuzzleState"
	},
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the Prophecy Tablet of Oronyx{{subst:void|<!--204030111-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Calm Priest:''' If you and I both keep quiet, who will know whether the Holy Maiden living at the depths of the temple is the same person as before?

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Pasithea:''' Recite the Gate of Infinity... Talanton's praise!
:'''Acolyte:''' Nonsense! That's Janus!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Wavering Mother:''' Don't get distracted, Pasithea. Keep following the instructions of the acolyte.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Touch the concentrated memory{{subst:void|<!--204030112-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Do you remember your original prayer? Pasithea, the great Oronyx sent you divine inspiration. Perhaps, your fate was decided from that very moment.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Calm Priest:''' If you and I both keep quiet, who will know whether the Holy Maiden living at the depths of the temple is the same person as before?

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Pasithea:''' Recite the Gate of Infinity... Talanton's praise!
:'''Acolyte:''' Nonsense! That's Janus!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Wavering Mother:''' Don't get distracted, Pasithea. Keep following the instructions of the acolyte.
:'''Mem:''' Come on, I found the direction of the sound!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Track down the next celestial echo{{subst:void|<!--204030116-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|In the ruins of Janusopolis, the scattered Titans relive the past in their sleep.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Calm Priest:''' If you and I both keep quiet, who will know whether the Holy Maiden living at the depths of the temple is the same person as before?

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Pasithea:''' Recite the Gate of Infinity... Talanton's praise!
:'''Acolyte:''' Nonsense! That's Janus!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Wavering Mother:''' Don't get distracted, Pasithea. Keep following the instructions of the acolyte.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Jittery Priest:''' That damned destiny! Why did it only leave us with this worthless Oronyx!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:The acolyte lethargically stares into the distance and sighs. As if what he once believed and deeply loved, had long since perished alongside the Titans that the temple once worshiped.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' Praise Oronyx! Praise Oronyx!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropSetVisibility",
	"SpecifiedRelativePaths": [],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropEnableCollider",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEventV2",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerLock"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionOpen)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300004,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400002
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400003
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400004
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400005
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400006
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400007
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400008
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400009
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400010
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionClose)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"NeedDisappear": true,
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300004,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400002
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400003
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400004
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400005
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400006
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400007
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400008
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400009
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400010
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareGroupProperty","DynamicName":{"Value":"SGP_PuzzleState"}}-->}})
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntityV2",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001,
		300002,
		300004
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.BindPropsCablelines",
	"StartPropInstanceID": 300001,
	"EndPropInstanceID": 300002,
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004,
	"LineEffectPath": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "LineEffect"
	},
	"MoveEffectPath": {
		"Value": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/InteractiveProp/Eff_Chap04_Prop_OracleMachine_01_Ball_Lod0.prefab"
	},
	"MoveEffectSpeedOverride": {
		"IsDynamic": true,
		"PostfixExpr": {
			"OpCodes": "AQAR",
			"FixedValues": [],
			"DynamicHashes": [
				584429333
			]
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPropCablelineVisible",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002
		]
	},
	"Flags": [],
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/InteractiveProp/Eff_Chap04_Prop_OracleMachine_01_Hint_Lod0.prefab",
	"AttachPoint": "Root",
	"Scale": {
		"X": 1,
		"Y": 1,
		"Z": 1
	},
	"SubObjectModifyDataList": []
}</pre>
:;(Upon reaching the destination)
:;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareTarget","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvLocalPlayer"},"CompareType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchTaskActionTarget"}}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPropCablelineVisible",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004,
	"IsVisible": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amphoreus_oraclepuzzle_idle"
	},
	"EmitterType": "TargetEvaluator",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareTarget","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvLocalPlayer"},"CompareType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchTaskActionTarget"}}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPropCablelineVisible",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004,
	"IsVisible": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amphoreus_oraclepuzzle_idle"
	},
	"EmitterType": "TargetEvaluator",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; OraclePuzzleEndLinePerform)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ToastPage",
	"MessageOne_DS": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "Toast1"
	},
	"MessageTwo": {
		"Hash": 2012001348524219443
	}
}</pre>
::<!--0.4-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "FCV"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>
::<!--0.5-second delay-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.UnBindPropsCablelines",
	"LinePropInstanceID": 300004
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_amphoreus_oraclepuzzle_idle_stop"
	},
	"EmitterType": "TargetEvaluator",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002
		]
	},
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Scene/InteractiveProp/Eff_Chap04_Prop_OracleMachine_01_Hint_Lod0.prefab",
	"Flags": []
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OraclePuzzleStartLinePerform)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropEnableCollider",
	"SpecifiedRelativePaths": [],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300005
		]
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RequestSetServerGroupProperty",
	"DynamicName": {
		"Value": "SGP_PuzzleState"
	},
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Mem:''' Echoes from beyond the sky... So this is how it feels. Got it!
:'''Mem:''' Let's go. We have to find the next prophecy tablet.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Mem:''' It's right ahead! I'm already hearing their voice!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the Titan's Prophecy Tablet again{{subst:void|<!--204030117-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Jittery Priest:''' That damned destiny! Why did it only leave us with this worthless Oronyx!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:The acolyte lethargically stares into the distance and sighs. As if what he once believed and deeply loved, had long since perished alongside the Titans that the temple once worshiped.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' Praise Oronyx! Praise Oronyx!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Touch the memory of the past{{subst:void|<!--204030118-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|O Fate Titans! If you have seen our tragic destiny, why would you not save us? Why would you allow the black tide to devour everything? Or could it be that even you yourselves are powerless against it?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Jittery Priest:''' That damned destiny! Why did it only leave us with this worthless Oronyx!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:The acolyte lethargically stares into the distance and sighs. As if what he once believed and deeply loved, had long since perished alongside the Titans that the temple once worshiped.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' Praise Oronyx! Praise Oronyx!
:'''Mem:''' Sure enough. People really care about prophecies...
:'''Mem:''' Let's continue forward. New echoes from beyond the sky should be nearby.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Temple of the Three Fates{{subst:void|<!--204030122-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Praise Oronyx. May your revelations be absolute and your prophecies unshakeable. Please reveal our destiny to us.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Jittery Priest:''' That damned destiny! Why did it only leave us with this worthless Oronyx!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:The acolyte lethargically stares into the distance and sighs. As if what he once believed and deeply loved, had long since perished alongside the Titans that the temple once worshiped.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' Praise Oronyx! Praise Oronyx!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Calm Priest:''' Oh yes, don't be in a hurry to leave. We'll still attempt what you said, to have Pasithea try again... in hopes of destiny turning in our favor.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Attendant:''' ...My lord, may the gods' gazes shine radiant on our glorious advance.

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionOpen)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400002
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400003
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400004
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionClose)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"NeedDisappear": true,
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 300003,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400002
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400003
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400004
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Mem:''' The missing memory and sound are getting clearer. They are right in front.
:'''Mem:''' Ugh, it's hurting my ears... You should be more careful too.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Mem:''' It's lots of chaotic echoes... Like the sound of many people crying...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Touch the disorderly memories{{subst:void|<!--204030123-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|It cannot be warped, it cannot be shaken, it cannot be defied, it cannot be changed. Why? Because this is destiny, destiny, destiny, destiny.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Calm Priest:''' Oh yes, don't be in a hurry to leave. We'll still attempt what you said, to have Pasithea try again... in hopes of destiny turning in our favor.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Attendant:''' ...My lord, may the gods' gazes shine radiant on our glorious advance.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to the whispering in your ears{{subst:void|<!--204030126-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:You feel a wave of dizziness, as if Pasithea's emotions are penetrating time and memory and going right into your mind.
:'''Pasithea:''' I've tried everything. I really have, but it's no use. Nothing will change. Black tide. The black tide. I still see it surging towards us.
:'''Pasithea:''' Why does destiny toy with us so! {{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}}, do you hate me that much!?
:Nausea. Vertigo. Your senses start to drift and muddle from successive shocks.
:'''Pasithea:''' The future doesn't even exist. All I can see is a pitch-black world. Ruin, death, the maddened Titan, and other dead Titans.
:'''Pasithea:''' If I can't change anything, why do you let me see these? Do you want even more people to wallow in despair like you?
:'''Pasithea:''' But why me? I haven't done anything. I just, I just want...
:Someone is whispering in your ear. "Danger," "Stop" ...Is it Mem? You try to discern the voice, but an irresistible force is enticing you to close your eyes.
:Some memories in this world are so chaotic that they can reversely devour the observer's consciousness. Unfortunately, your Memokeeper friends haven't yet taught you that fact.
:Helpless and unprotected, fear and fatigue assault you. As long as you close your eyes and let your soul sink into the ever-night, then all these woes will fade away.
:Pasithea, open your eyes. What did you see in Oronyx's prophecy?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Inescapable death.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The eternally silent black tide.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A corrupted and ailing world.
:But this should not be your end. Destiny will not treat you so unfairly. Do you not think it owes you a future?
:If you did not become the Holy Maiden then, would everything have turned out differently? Unfettered, free among the free, like a bird.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I might have become a craftsman.
::Craftsmanship is common work for Mountain Dwellers. But who knows? You might turn out to be an excellent craftsman.
::The weapons you forge will behead monsters, and the ballads of bards will forever laud your name.
::I might have become a scholar.
::Cerces' disciple, or perhaps a subject graced by Aquila. Using your wisdom to create, record, and decipher.
::Your eloquent rhetoric will be quoted by countless others after you. Your name will also be remembered by scholars of the Grove.
::I may have become a warrior.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I might have become a scholar.
::Cerces' disciple, or perhaps a subject graced by Aquila. Using your wisdom to create, record, and decipher.
::Your eloquent rhetoric will be quoted by countless others after you. Your name will also be remembered by scholars of the Grove.
::I may have become a warrior.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I may have become a warrior.
:A glorious warrior, just like your father, wielding lance in hand, locked in fierce battle against the black tide's spawn. Perhaps not unlike the Chrysos Heirs, brandishing blades against frantic Titans.
:Glory will follow your path, and after that, your heroism will be etched in epitaphs.
:But all this will not come to pass. You are just Pasithea, the Holy Maiden of the Temple of the Three Fates. A prisoner without dignity or freedom.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Lift the curtain of the past{{subst:void|<!--204030127-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|The night's dream has begun to rumble.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|FSV_UnlockEraSwitchProp}} is undefined 1)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByComparePropState","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx","FetchType":"SinglePropByPropID","SinglePropID":{"GroupID":{"FixedValue":{"Value":73}},"ID":{"FixedValue":{"Value":300001}}}},"State":"Open","Inverse":true}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEventV2",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerOpen"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 73
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 300001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Where is she now?
::Is she still alive? In this era where all life heads towards quietus, you pray to Oronyx whom you betrayed, in hopes that destiny will bless her journey.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I miss her dearly.
::You have long forgotten her face and her voice &mdash; even if she were to stand before you and call out your name, you would not recognize her.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hate her.
::She sold you to these priests so that she could live. You were never able to step foot outside the Temple of the Three Fates after that day. Perhaps, from the moment that happened, you were already dead.
::{{tx}}
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the highest level of the temple to witness the end of the maiden's story{{subst:void|<!--204030130-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Mother, do you hate her? If she had not handed you over to those greedy priests, you would never have to bear such a painful destiny?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' ...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (The illusions of the past are getting clearer and clearer...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Review the law of the judgment{{subst:void|<!--204030129-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Is your soul heavy? Or is it light?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:Enter the temple and be judged by the divine scale.
:With the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Hand of Zagreus}}, place the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|celestial sphere}} that symbolizes the world on the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|right}}.
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Step onto the left tray}}, and the scales will lift the innocent all the way to the destination.
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The triangle}} weight symbolizes destiny. Place it on the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|left}}, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|and those pilgrims standing on the right tray}} can venture deep into the temple.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue onwards and search for the priest's remains{{subst:void|<!--204030131-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|You want nothing more than to curse the priests who fabricated the prophecy. Unfortunately, they have already moved ahead of you and passed to the realm of Thanatos.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Jittery Priest:''' Who do we have here? Our esteemed Holy Maiden.
:'''Jittery Priest:''' Accusing us of being liars fabricating prophecies from your ivory tower, defending it with fervor. And how is Oronyx treating you?
:'''Jittery Priest:''' I obviously know the prophecy we declared is false. But since that's the case, why doesn't the Titan give us the true prophecy? Do they wish to simply watch as Amphoreus is destroyed?
:'''Calm Priest:''' Old friend, no need to be so harsh on an ignorant girl. Be it her, us, or the Fate Titans, we are but all prisoners of this Abyss of Fate.
:'''Calm Priest:''' No escape. It is inevitable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do not wish to resist any longer.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will burst forth from this cage.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will never accept such a fate.
:Go, Pasithea. Go witness your destiny, and make a choice for it.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Reach the end of the Temple to receive the Titan's revelation{{subst:void|<!--204030132-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Now, child. Let us return to where this story all began, before all of this tragedy had occurred. Oronyx has graciously granted you the eyes to see the future. Everything can still be changed.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:Your young self would not understand what methods {{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}} employed to reveal those destinies to you beyond the prophecy.
:Ever since both your two kin passed, this could be the Titan's most generous revelation as they tragic scene reflected in your eyes.
:Locked in the depths of the temple, choking on poison herbs, finally buried beneath debris... What you have experienced is but a nightmare of the future you encountered in a stupor.
:{{Color|keyword|nobold=1|As long as you allow lies to flow from your lips, you will embark on a path toward another future, and escape this tragic destiny.}} Child, what choice will you make?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lie to the priest.
::Deceive them, claiming to have not seen anything, and that Oronyx never revealed anything to you.
::Feign madness and ignorance.
::Like a foolish madman, a fanatic disciple of {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}}. Who will choose an irrational person?
::Maintain silence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Feign madness and ignorance.
::Like a foolish madman, a fanatic disciple of {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}}. Who will choose an irrational person?
::Maintain silence.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maintain silence.
:Just like Oronyx, reply these greedy priests with silence, like a bird with its throat slit.
:You've successfully escaped the cage of being a Holy Maiden. What do you intend to do next?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go be a craftsman.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go be a scholar.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go be a warrior.
:You try to imagine such an unrealistic future. But in reality, you all will soon die from hunger.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} We can go into the fields and farm.
::Your weakened bodies can no longer withstand such labor. As the black tide slowly swallows the land, there will be no place for you to farm.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} We can go and work for money.
::Weaving? Or carving? But where will the tools and materials come from? Reality is not a bedtime story read by your mother.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to become the Holy Maiden.
::This is your only destiny.
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You all can escape to Okhema.
:::You all can barely stand on your two feet. How will you reach the holy city that's high above?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I still can make a choice...
:::A pointless defiance. Do you have the bravery to choose death? Even if this is an act of cowardice? Even if your mother will lose hope for life because of this?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will become the Holy Maiden.
:::This destiny cannot be altered.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to lose my freedom!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to become a liar!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will be the Holy Maiden.
:::Your mother will not blame you. To ensure your survival, she will likely take on dangerous jobs, doing work deep in the black tide.
:::Someday in the future, there will be strangers knocking on your door, bringing you to attend her funeral.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I fear for my destined future.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will be the Holy Maiden.
:::Your mother, the only one who still loves you in this world, and the only one you still love... She has given you everything she has. Now, she even has to give up her life for you.
:::You have to become the Holy Maiden, or else she'll die in the black tide.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will be the Holy Maiden.
:::{{Size|28|Praise destiny, you still became the Holy Maiden.}}
:::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to Pasithea's side{{subst:void|<!--204030133-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|You have found all of the celestial echoes, but the Titankin was nowhere to be seen in them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Pasithea)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 204030134-->)
:----
::'''Pasithea:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer), are you ready to go?
;(Otherwise)
::{{tx}}
::'''Pasithea:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer), is that you? I heard your footsteps and the Titan's sounds.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have brought back the echoes from beyond the sky.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It has been a long way.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I felt as if I had glimpsed many confidential details.
::'''Pasithea:''' To think these memories are still held in Janusopolis &mdash; never did I imagine I would "recollect" my past in such a way.
::{{tx}}
:----
:----
:;([[#Gallery|Cutscene]] plays)
:::The sound of collapse and cries... They are sounds I'll never forget &mdash; the haunting echoes of the black tide.
:::At that time, I cowered in the temple, waiting for {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death}} to lead me from my bitterness to their river.
:::But... what arrived was a group of fugitives, guided by Oronyx, seeking an oracle from the Holy Maiden.
:::O destiny, I scream at thee &mdash; To hell with the Holy Maiden! I am nothing but a blind woman now!
:::Yet...
:::Like the priests, I forged an oracle. In the darkness, I clung to my childhood memories, barely piecing together the path that would lead to Okhema.
:::Then, I pointed to the sky and said to them &mdash;
:::Move ahead! The Time Titan has delivered a prophecy. We shall overcome the barriers of death and reach the holy city of Kephale!
:;(Cutscene ends)
:----
:----
::'''Pasithea:''' On the very night we marched into Okhema, I, who had lost my sight, heard an echo from beyond the heavens in my dreams.
::'''Pasithea:''' Just like a prayer whispered in the temple, I understood the meaning of the echo the moment I heard it. This identity I had fought so hard to escape from... had finally...
::At some point, Pasithea found herself surrounded by citizens seeking an oracle. It felt as if you were no longer in Okhema, but transported to the Temple of the Three Fates in the past.
::'''Enthusiastic Citizen:''' Lady Pasithea, please look at me! Did you see my destiny from the Titans' revelation?
::'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' High Priest, please tell us. What order did the Holy Maiden receive? As for Janusopolis... no, the destiny of Amphoreus... how would it be?
::'''Dignified Citizen:''' O Great Oracle Dreammother, I come not with a wish, but simply to offer our heartfelt gratitude and deepest respect.
::'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' Fate! Glorious fate will protect us! We will eventually triumph over death and strife. May the gods' gazes shine radiant over our glorious advance!
::'''Silent Citizen:''' Reveal to us the oracle, and we shall dedicate ourselves fully to the prophecies of the Titans.
::'''Citizens Outside the Temple:''' Praise Oronyx! Praise Oronyx!
::It seems like nothing has changed.
::'''Pasithea:''' Everyone, today is my day of rest. Let's reconvene another time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that how it was resolved?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She can slack off like this?
::At Pasithea's proclamation, the noise in your ears suddenly quieted. The crowd dispersed noisily, yet without much complaint.
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchCharacterAnchorV2",
	"SwitchCharacterAnchorConfig": {
		"IsLocalPlayer": true,
		"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer",
		"AreaName": {
			"Value": "LevelArea_P10401_F10401001_G475"
		},
		"AnchorName": {
			"Value": "Anchor1"
		}
	}
}</pre>
:----
::'''Pasithea:''' Fate... As one blessed by Oronyx, what do you think fate looks like?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} An irresistible command from heaven.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} An excuse for self-degradation.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A prison that constrains all things.
::'''Pasithea:''' I used to think I was free from destiny and I walked toward death based on my choices.
::'''Pasithea:''' But Oronyx's kin led them again to the temple, where they found the Holy Maiden who betrayed the Titans.
::'''Pasithea:''' Come to think of it, Pasithea and the "liar" may not have been the targets of that kin's accusations, but rather a dismissive sneer at my futile defiance.
::'''Pasithea:''' But no matter what, I am determined to find that kin and seek the answer &mdash; Am I truly free from my destiny, or is my struggle for freedom itself a part of my destiny?
::'''Pasithea:''' Echoes from beyond the sky &mdash; though these sleeptalk seemed unrelated, I discovered a shadow of the Titan within them. Have they been waiting for my return...?
::'''Pasithea:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer), please bring me back.
::'''Pasithea:''' I understand this is a selfish request &mdash; to carry a burden like me through such perilous ground. But... I must witness it myself.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Hang on a sec.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OverrideEndTransferType",
	"BlackType": "None"
}</pre>
::'''Pasithea:''' No problem. I will wait here for you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take Pasithea back home{{subst:void|<!--204030135-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Abyss of Fate" Janusopolis|update|Until the day our dreams fall quiet once more, until we meet again in the land of our dreams.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Pasithea:''' A familiar touch. When was the last time I stood here? I can't even remember.
:'''Pasithea:''' I've stayed here for many years, but most of the time was spent in the depths of the temple. The time truly spent walking this land has been rare.
:'''Pasithea:''' The truth is right before our eyes. I can already hear their voice, but...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you nervous?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you need a break?
:'''Pasithea:''' I'm fearful. If I really never once escaped destiny, if {{Rubi|Oronyx|Time Titan}} watched at my betrayal of them, then watched me receiving their salvation... I don't know how to face it all.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We have to move forward.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destiny has already changed.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll be with you till the end.
:'''Pasithea:''' Yes, everyone at Okhema is still waiting for my return.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Touch the final memory{{subst:void|<!--204030136-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Nameless Woman:''' Friends, you all escaped here from other cities, right? The black tide can no longer be contained, and the torrent of {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}} will swallow the earth whole.
:'''Nameless Woman:''' Why am I not afraid? For I do not fear death, as I am {{Rubi|Oronyx's|Time Titan}} kin and belong solely to their starry night.
:'''Nameless Woman:''' Please do not panic. Oronyx sent me here to offer you all salvation.
:'''Nameless Woman:''' Hear me! Before you stands the temple of the Fate Titans. Walk forth, deep into the ruins, and you shall find a prophet.
:'''Nameless Woman:''' Her name is {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Pasithea}}. Bring her out, and she shall bestow you the prophecy of the Fate Titans, ensuring your survival to Okhema.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's exactly what the city guard said...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who exactly is she...
:In the world beyond memories, Pasithea is listening to the sounds here. You can hear her breaths become increasingly frantic.
:{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionOpen)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateEntityAsync",
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		}
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetGraphDynamicFloat",
	"Name": "Loc_EntityAsync",
	"TargetIDs": [],
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	}
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Puzzle2LG_OnMemoryVisionClose)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyEntityAsync",
	"NeedDisappear": true,
	"InstanceIDList": [],
	"AdvancedSpawnList": [
		{
			"InstanceID": 300002,
			"SpawnEntityType": "Prop"
		},
		{
			"InstanceID": 400001
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Talk to Pasithea)
:'''Pasithea:''' Unravel the final memory. Let us witness the true face of Oronyx's kin.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Disquieting Dream
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =    
|es   = Los sueos no son silenciosos
|fr   = Agitations d'un rve profond
|ru   =  
|th   = 
|vi   = Gic Mng Bt An
|de   = Unruhe in einem tiefen Traum
|id   = Mimpi yang Meresahkan
|pt   = Sonho Inquietante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
