<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Divergent Universe: Hymn of Virtue#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8031301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Divergent Universe Hymn of Virtue.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8023701--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Calidorthos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Divergent Universe: Hymn of Virtue''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Listen to the conversation between geniuses
# Follow the scholar's guidance and connect to the Grove's network
# Talk to Calidorthos
# Enter Divergent Universe (Counterfeit Version)

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Listen to the conversation between geniuses{{subst:void|<!--803130101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|While you and Dan Heng were trapped in Amphoreus, two geniuses were discussing about something.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|undefined}} Listen
;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8023801--> has not been completed)
::{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTrackingMission",
	"MainMissionID": 8031301
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 40416
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow the scholar's guidance and connect to the Grove's network{{subst:void|<!--803130103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Using the Titan Miracle from the Grove and remnant memories pertaining to the test, you successfully emulated a counterfeit Divergent Universe in the Sacred Tree's root system. According to Calidorthos, this is a most appropriate place for you to gain knowledge by using Path Equations to understand Amphoreus' myths and history. Come to think of it, isn't this a simulated version of the Simulated Universe?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|CanOpenEntrance}} is undefined 1)
;(If {{F|Rogue3.1Entrance}} is undefined 1)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Calidorthos{{subst:void|<!--803130106-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:{{tx}}
::'''Calidorthos:''' It is much more rapid than I anticipated... but Paths, Blessings, Equations &mdash; how you interpret the Titans are indeed unconventional.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Feels like you're trying to force a formula onto something that doesn't actually fit...
::As long as the program works, it doesn't matter whether these three old variables can be formulaically used to unlock the Titans' secrets. We shouldn't get caught up in the details.
::{{tx}}
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} At the end of the day, we're still doing tests at this very place.
:::Maybe like how a protagonist must have a baseball bat, the Divergent Universe is much more compatible with (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand) even if it's a simulation.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can Titan Miracles explain everything?
:::It's Cerces's wisdom, my dear friend.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry Screwllum, I'm playing a pirated version here.
:::It's fine. He'll be overjoyed when you bring the memories you made here to him.
:::{{tx}}
:::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RogueTournEntranceShowUI"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
----
::{{tx}}
::You open your eyes, barely able to believe the sight before you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't this (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wanted to test the Divergent Universe so much that I've started to hallucinate?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm back?
::'''Calidorthos:''' Indeed, I was not mistaken in my judgment. It is but a mere shard drawn from memory's depths, yet it bears the majesty of an astral vessel, akin to the Usurper's fabled skyship.
::'''Calidorthos:''' As the saying goes, "virtue is knowledge" &mdash; virtue is wisdom's origin and finale.
::'''Calidorthos:''' Gathered here are Amphoreus' collective myths and histories throughout its entire existence. We learn what virtue is from gods to heroes.
::'''Calidorthos:''' At the same time, it draws from the past of scholars, allowing people to understand themselves, forging trials and tribulations unique only to them.
::'''Calidorthos:''' Your heart has chosen the skyship, shaping this very scene as the gate to embark on a voyage of discovery.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is all too real.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Titan Miracle? Titan technology!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So this is the Grove Art Online.
::You even find yourself doubting whether a simulated Screwllum or Herta might appear in the next moment.
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RogueTournEntranceShowUI"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Enter Divergent Universe (Counterfeit Version){{subst:void|<!--803130105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Divergent Universe: Hymn of Virtue
|zhs  = 差分宇宙：德性的赞歌
|zht  = 差分宇宙：德性的讚歌
|ja   = 階差宇宙：美徳の賛歌
|ko   = 차분화 우주: 덕성의 찬가
|es   = Universo Diferenciado: Himno de la virtud
|fr   = Univers parallèle&nbsp;: Hymne de la vertu
|ru   = Расходящаяся вселенная: Ода добродетели
|th   = จักรวาลต่างมิติ: เพลงเชิดชูคุณธรรม
|vi   = Vũ Trụ Sai Phân: Ca Ngợi Đức Hạnh
|de   = Divergentes Universum: Hymne der Tugend
|id   = Divergent Universe: Himne Kebajikan
|pt   = Universo Divergente: Hino da Virtude
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
