<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Divergent Universe: Loading Equation#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8023401
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Divergent Universe Loading Equation.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Good Stuff]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Stranger in a Strange Land]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Screwllum; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = Good Stuff
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Divergent Universe: Loading Equation''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Head to Herta's office
# Talk with Screwllum
# Complete "Divergent Universe: Test Execution"
# Complete "Divergent Universe: Ordinary Extrapolation"
# Learn more from Screwllum
# Complete Divergent Universe in any mode 1 time
# Learn about what Screwllum thinks
# Continue challenging the Divergent Universe and provide more variables

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Head to Herta's office{{subst:void|<!--802340101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|Great inventions often arise from a stroke of inspiration by geniuses and the thousand waves of the era.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Screwllum:''' Glad to meet you, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer). Your presence brings a warmth akin to the spring sun, melting away the snow of falsehoods.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What brings you here, Screwllum?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And... you are?
::'''Screwllum:''' I'm Screwllum, Member #76 of the Genius Society and one of the developers of the Simulated Universe. Herta should have mentioned my name to you.
:'''Screwllum:''' Logic: I'd like to personally invite you to a thought experiment.
:'''Screwllum:''' Utilizing the Simulated Universe's underlying logic and the Planet Screwllum technology, I have created the Divergent Universe as a branch project for independent research regarding the Simulated Universe.
:'''Screwllum:''' Currently, the Divergent Universe is exploring a topic proposed by a certain scholar from the Intelligentsia Guild. Conclusion: It is always a delight to see a clash of thoughts, and I am pleased to have more research partners.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I know this scholar?
::'''Screwllum:''' Please allow me to keep the answer hidden from you, as a touch of mystery adds charm to the tale.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there such a talented scholar in the Guild?
::'''Screwllum:''' Wisdom's realm extends beyond the towering individual trees known geniuses. Each unassuming flower bud is essential.
:'''Screwllum:''' Now, please come with me. Since the space station is Herta's personal asset, I have arranged the test site for the Divergent Universe elsewhere, utilizing some of my "Cosmic VIP" privileges.
:'''Screwllum:''' Welcome to Penacony, the Planet of Festivities. I hope you find it enjoyable.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802340102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Plant a flower among the collision of ideas and wait for it to sprout in the future.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' Here we are. The scenery in the Land of the Dreams is always captivating, although that gentleman from the Intelligentsia Guild did not find it to suit his tastes.
::'''Screwllum:''' I once invited him to bring fresh perspectives to the research conducted by the geniuses as a representative of the Intelligentsia Guild. Conclusion: He declined.
::'''Screwllum:''' During our discussion, that gentleman offered a beautiful analogy: Aeons and mortals are like the two ends of a functional equation. By solving the unknowns at one end, we can discover the answer at the other.
::'''Screwllum:''' The records of the Aeons are scarce, while the stories of mortals are abundant. He believes that rather than seeking the Aeons, following the traces left by ordinary people on the Paths is a better way to seek the truth.
::'''Screwllum:''' "Over countless Amber Eras, the Candelagraphos has amassed a wealth of historical material, openly accessible. However, the geniuses busy gazing at the stars might not spare any time to delve into these remnants of history rotting in the gutters of time."
::'''Screwllum:''' While that gentleman's suggestion may sound harsh, it is not without merit.
::'''Screwllum:''' Naturally, Herta expressed an opposing view. However, that potential equation of gods and mortals, as if imbued with life, expanded infinitely like petals within my circuits of inspiration.
::'''Screwllum:''' By incorporating the archives from the Candelagraphos into the sandbox for the Divergent Universe and by using "mortals" as the focus of the extrapolation, I have constructed models for Paths and named this research project "The Human Comedy."
::'''Screwllum:''' I eagerly await what new insights you will bring to this thought experiment. Please follow me, my friend.
:'''Screwllum:''' I eagerly await what new insights you will bring to this thought experiment. Please follow me, my friend.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete "Divergent Universe: Test Execution"{{subst:void|<!--802340103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Nameless falls from the dream into the mortal realm, while the mortal realm catches Nameless in dreams.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|CanOpenEntrance}} is equal to 1)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityServerEvent"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete "Divergent Universe: Ordinary Extrapolation"{{subst:void|<!--802340110-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Learn more from Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802340104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|In the equation between the Aeons and mortals, where will Truth make its choice?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' If possible, I hope you will introduce more variables to the Divergent Universe, as a request from your friend.
;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G250)
::'''Screwllum:''' How did it feel, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Felt like I became someone else...
:::'''Screwllum:''' The Aeons bestow their blessings upon the world, while mortals ascend various Paths. Through the extrapolation of equations, these web-like trajectories will converge at specific points to generate a singular result &mdash; a materialized Pathstrider.
:::'''Screwllum:''' I have divided your consciousness into two parts: One as the Ego, traversing the Path and progressing towards distinct nodes in the algorithm. The second as the Other, becoming an observer that floats on a higher level.
:::'''Screwllum:''' This approach ensures that your consciousness remains undisturbed by my "equations" while maximizing your objectivity for complete extrapolations.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} About your new project...
:::'''Screwllum:''' Aeons and mortals... Paths constrain these two ends of the equal sign and shackle them both without bias. Logic: When analyzed from this perspective, they indeed both hold equal value. However, if asked which one holds the key to solving the puzzle...
:::'''Screwllum:''' Answer: I don't know, and I don't need to provide a conclusion.
:::'''Screwllum:''' I don't dare to hope of finding the answer within the Divergent Universe. After all, truth has always been reticent.
:::'''Screwllum:''' Nonetheless, I still possess an attitude similar to the organic beings' concept of "hope" for its future, as I have sensed remarkable entities within it.
:::'''Screwllum:''' If possible, I hope you will introduce more variables to the Divergent Universe, as a request from your friend.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete Divergent Universe in any mode 1 time{{subst:void|<!--802340107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Step into their story, witness their lives, and remember their existence.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Learn about what Screwllum thinks{{subst:void|<!--802340106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Please, close your eyes and listen to the melody behind those names.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' This experiment will last for a considerable duration, and I apologize for not being able to remain by your side. However, please be assured that I will be monitoring your progress constantly.
;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G251)
:'''Screwllum:''' Your identity has been registered in the system. Please feel free to log into the Divergent Universe at any future time for testing purposes.
::'''Screwllum:''' This experiment will last for a considerable duration, and I apologize for not being able to remain by your side. However, please be assured that I will be monitoring your progress constantly.
::'''Screwllum:''' Compensation for your participation in the research will be provided regularly, equivalent to the rate of a class-A research assistant. Of course, it pales in comparison to the immense assistance you provide.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you for your generosity, boss!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready for more tests!
::'''Screwllum:''' As a gesture of goodwill, I should prepare something for my "partner" in return.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Gift him a cuckoo clock.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Gift him a birthday lotus flower.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Gift him a Casket of Inaccuracy.
::'''Screwllum:''' Thank you for your suggestion. I will take it into account.
::'''Screwllum:''' However, regarding the public database of the Candelagraphos, that gentleman was mistaken about one thing: I had come into those documents much earlier than he presumed.
::'''Screwllum:''' At that time, the aftermath of the Second Emperor's War had not yet settled, and the universe seethed with hatred against inorganic beings.
::'''Screwllum:''' Thus, I discovered those records and used them as samples for my quantitative analyses. By extrapolating human behavior, I managed to persuade both factions to lay down their weapons.
::'''Screwllum:''' I must admit that, at the time, those countless stories to me were mere numbers constituting "organic beings," similar to the 0s and 1s in our programs.
::'''Screwllum:''' However, the true weight and significance behind those names can only be comprehended when experienced firsthand.
::'''Screwllum:''' Within the symphony of the Aeons, numerous notes still play uninterrupted, hymns exclusively for mortals.
::'''Screwllum:''' The realization that we, who are churning along in our lives, are also integral parts of this extensive hymn, makes even my "heart" pound with unstoppable impulses.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue challenging the Divergent Universe and provide more variables{{subst:void|<!--802340105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Step into their story, witness their lives, and remember their existence.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Divergent Universe: Loading Equation
|zhs  = 差分宇宙：方程载入
|zht  = 差分宇宙：方程式載入
|ja   = 階差宇宙：方程式の読み込み
|ko   = 차분화 우주: 방정식 로딩
|es   = Universo Diferenciado: Cargando ecuación
|fr   = Univers parallèle : Chargement d'équation
|ru   = Расходящаяся вселенная: Загрузка уравнения
|th   = จักรวาลต่างมิติ: โหลดสมการ
|vi   = Vũ Trụ Sai Phân: Tải Phương Trình
|de   = Divergentes Universum: Gleichungsladung
|id   = Divergent Universe: Pemuatan Persamaan
|pt   = Universo Divergente: Carregando Equação
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
