<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Divergent Universe: Hymn of Virtue#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8031302
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Divergent Universe Hymn of Virtue.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Calidorthos; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Divergent Universe: Hymn of Virtue''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Follow the scholar's guidance and connect to the Grove's network

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Follow the scholar's guidance and connect to the Grove's network{{subst:void|<!--803130201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany|Using the Titan Miracle from the Grove and remnant memories pertaining to the test, you successfully emulated a counterfeit Divergent Universe in the Sacred Tree's root system. According to Calidorthos, this is a most appropriate place for you to gain knowledge by using Path Equations to understand Amphoreus' myths and history. Come to think of it, isn't this a simulated version of the Simulated Universe?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G14)
----
::You snap back to reality &mdash; this is the Grove of Epiphany. Even though it's not your first time here, the scenery before you still manages to leave you speechless in awe.
::You still remember that you came here to pursue that distant voice.
::"{{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, do you desire wisdom?"
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's it! This voice!
:::'''Calidorthos:''' Come. I shall bestow upon you the greatest treasure of the Grove.
:::A ghost!
:::'''Calidorthos:''' Hey! Watch your tongue, young one.
:::I desire Stellar Jades.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A ghost!
:::'''Calidorthos:''' Hey! Watch your tongue, young one.
:::I desire Stellar Jades.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I desire Stellar Jades.
::'''Calidorthos:''' Alas, there's no wealth to be here, though there is something much more precious &mdash; knowledge.
::'''Calidorthos:''' I am a strand of consciousness left behind by the Great Sage Calidorthos to manage this grand library, known as the Index.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't that just a ghost?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got. A digital lifeform then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got anything in here that's adult-only?
::'''Calidorthos:''' Y&mdash;You! Hiss... I shall graciously overlook your foolishness, considering there is yet room for your education.
::'''Calidorthos:''' It is well known that the Library of Philia holds a vast collection of scrolls, and the research of scholars across generations is as numerous as Aquila's eyelashes &mdash; a massive mess of disordered, disorganized papers.
::'''Calidorthos:''' My colleagues and I poured our lives into weaving all that research into the Sacred Tree's memories.
::'''Calidorthos:''' Through {{Rubi|Cerces'|Reason Titan}} roots and {{Rubi|Mnestia's|Romance Titan}} golden threads, this wisdom has been able to extend outward, enveloping every corner of the Grove, interwoven into a network that bears knowledge.
::'''Calidorthos:''' So long as one holds reverence for the Titans, any may touch it, peruse its scrolls, engage in discourse, and resonate with the knowledge left behind by sages of old or even those left by Cerces.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You folks surf the net too?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Woah! The interweb!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Big data is truly everywhere.
::'''Calidorthos:''' Corrupted by the black tide, the underground network is slowly decaying. What remains is nothing more than scattered remnants of certain scrolls.
::'''Calidorthos:''' But perseverance rewards the steadfast. In the end, I have found a successor to whom I can entrust this place.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've got a keen eye.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who're you talking about?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not it. Stop spouting nonsense.
::Before you can refuse, a blinding radiance soaks into your thoughts, encompassing your soul essence into the labyrinthine root system.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Divergent Universe: Hymn of Virtue
|zhs  = 差分宇宙：德性的赞歌
|zht  = 差分宇宙：德性的讚歌
|ja   = 階差宇宙：美徳の賛歌
|ko   = 차분화 우주: 덕성의 찬가
|es   = Universo Diferenciado: Himno de la virtud
|fr   = Univers parallèle&nbsp;: Hymne de la vertu
|ru   = Расходящаяся вселенная: Ода добродетели
|th   = จักรวาลต่างมิติ: เพลงเชิดชูคุณธรรม
|vi   = Vũ Trụ Sai Phân: Ca Ngợi Đức Hạnh
|de   = Divergentes Universum: Hymne der Tugend
|id   = Divergent Universe: Himne Kebajikan
|pt   = Universo Divergente: Hino da Virtude
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
