<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8020236
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (I).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Whodunit]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dream Ticker Supervisor; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (I)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Talk to the Ticker Supervisor

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the Ticker Supervisor{{subst:void|<!--802023603-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|update|After repairing the peculiar clock, you receive several strange spam messages that mention a "pool room" at The Reverie. Find and investigate the place that matches the description.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Dream Ticker Supervisor)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 802023602-->)
::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock... What do I do, tick-tock...
::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock! Guest! Hello! I am Clockie! Welcome to Dreamville!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's wrong?
::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick tock! Welcome to Dreamville!
::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock! I am Clockie! Welcome to Dreamville...
::The strange clock repeats the same dialogue over and over, apparently not interested in speaking with you...
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 802023602-->)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 802023102-->)
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock... What do I do, tick-tock...
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock! Guest! Hello! I am Clockie! Welcome to Dreamville!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got a message from you...
::::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock? So you are the one helping out. I am ashamed...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You the one sending me these spam messages?
::::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock? It's not spam, just that my mechanical hands aren't great for using phones...
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, my dear guest, I'm sorry that you had to witness this uncouth sight of us Dream Tickers.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What exactly are you?
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, we're the Sweet Dreams Troupe of the Iris Family, outfitted as attendants in the image of the cartoon star Clockie, and are used to bring joy to our guests via our adorable aesthetics!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not adorable at all...
::::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock... There are myriad aesthetic tastes across the cosmos. Many of our guests love us.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You look nothing like Clockie at all...
::::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock... I don't know what our creator was thinking either, but that was supposed to be the planned design!
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, our jobs are the most mundane among the Sweet Dreams Troupe &mdash; we have to repeat the same lines every day, and there are almost no chances of promotion or days off...
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Middle-management Dream Tickers like us fear that our subordinates will turn into the Dreamjolt Troupe, which is why we brought some building blocks to help them decompress.
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' But... But they all turned wonky after receiving the building blocks. Tick-tock, I've received too many guest complaints already!
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, if this keeps up, our entire department will be optimized... But a Dream Ticker told me that someone who could fix us showed up &mdash; and that's you, my dear guest!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you need any help?
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, yes! Since you can fix us, you must possess some extraordinary talent. Please help us!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me.
::::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, you're the kindest person ever! I'll have my subordinates prepare a token of appreciation for you!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Other people can't fix you?
::::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, our internal structures are very complicated. Your average Dreamweaver wouldn't even begin to know how to navigate them... They would only find an excuse to dispose of the faulty Dream Tickers to cover up their incompetence!
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Please look for the faulty Dream Tickers across the dreams. Tick-tock, and remember to bring those strange blocks back too!
:;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 802023102-->)
:::'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, kind guest, I thank you for your compassionate act on behalf of all Dream Tickers!
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEffect",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 420
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300002
				}
			}
		},
		"MultiPropID": [
			{
				"ID": {}
			}
		]
	},
	"IsAttachToTargetEntity": true,
	"Flags": [],
	"EffectPath": "Effects/Eff_Prefab/Eff_Monster/Eff_XP_Minion04_00/Eff_Monster_XP_Minion04_00_Common_Maze_SpecialAppear.prefab",
	"Scale": {
		"x": -1,
		"y": -1,
		"z": -1,
		"normalized": {
			"x": -0.577350259,
			"y": -0.577350259,
			"z": -0.577350259,
			"normalized": {
				"x": -0.5773503,
				"y": -0.5773503,
				"z": -0.5773503,
				"magnitude": 1.00000012,
				"sqrMagnitude": 1.00000024
			},
			"magnitude": 0.99999994,
			"sqrMagnitude": 0.99999994
		},
		"magnitude": 1.73205078,
		"sqrMagnitude": 3
	},
	"ParamEntityUsage": "LookAt",
	"TowardMaxPitchAngle": 90,
	"SubObjectModifyDataList": [],
	"MaxMutexCount": 1
}</pre>
:<!--2-second delay-->
:'''Dream Ticker Supervisor:''' Tick-tock, thank you for your assistance!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (I)
|zhs  = 梦与钟表维修艺术•一
|zht  = 夢與鐘錶維修藝術•一
|ja   = 夢と時計修理芸術・1
|ko   = 꿈, 그리고 시계 수리의 예술•1
|es   = Los sueños y el arte de reparar relojes&nbsp;I
|fr   = Les rêves et l'art de l'horlogerie (I)
|ru   = Грёзы и искусство починки часов I
|th   = ความฝันและศิลปะแห่งการซ่อมแซมนาฬิกา 1
|vi   = Giấc Mơ Và Nghệ Thuật Sửa Đồng Hồ 1
|de   = Träume und die Kunst der Uhrenwartung (I)
|id   = Seni Memperbaiki Mimpi dan Jam (I)
|pt   = Sonhos e a Arte da Manutenção de Relógios (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
