<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015503
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (II).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Unconquered]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Entertainment Department Ticker; Food & Beverage Department Ticker; Housekeeping Department Ticker; Medical Department Ticker; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (II)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Speak with the Boss Ticker

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the Boss Ticker{{subst:void|<!--401550306-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|You met several Tickers who self-proclaimed to be the Formidable Four. After fixing them, you receive a strange text message. Life isn't a late-night or even teen drama, so you're utterly baffled. However, why not check out the "secret room" with the "hidden gift"? Who knows, maybe you really are the main character?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|ClockToyNPCState}} is equal to 1)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 4,
			"GroupID": 242,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 401510221
		}
	],
	"IsLoop": true,
	"LoopInterval": 3
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Medical Department Ticker:''' Ah, it's you, our honored guest. You came at the right time. I've been speaking with my colleagues an&mdash;
:'''Entertainment Department Ticker:''' Colleagues? We're the Formidable Four of the airship! Titles are not to be changed lightly!
:'''Food & Beverage Department Ticker:''' Oh, hush now! Have you any inkling the gravity of our situation? With the Boss in their current state, now's no time to be fussing over titles!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Formidable Four?
::'''Entertainment Department Ticker:''' We four make half the contribution that keeps this airship running, got it? We work for the Boss, who not only oversees the whole airship but also finds time to tweak our calibration while they're at it.
::'''Medical Department Ticker:''' Uh-huh, once we're fully operational on our own, each of us will head a department and work together to keep the airship running smoothly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Enough chatter. Can we get to the point?
::'''Housekeeping Department Ticker:''' Exactly! Without the Boss, there is no Formidable Four! The Boss's safety has to be our top priority!
:'''Housekeeping Department Ticker:''' Long story short, for reasons unknown, our Boss became severely injured, and now they're down for the count. That's why we were so out of it earlier, as if we'd lost our hands.
:'''Medical Department Ticker:''' Now that you've fixed us four, do you think you could help our Boss as well? I can patch up scrapes and scratches, but I'm simply out of my depth with serious injuries like this.
:'''Food & Beverage Department Ticker:''' Yeah, we're not sure how exactly you pulled it off, but we really need your help!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. I'll give it a shot.
:'''Medical Department Ticker:''' Thank you so much!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dreams and the Art of Clock Maintenance (II)
|zhs  = 梦与钟表维修艺术•二
|zht  = 夢與鐘錶維修藝術•二
|ja   = 夢と時計修理芸術・2
|ko   = 꿈, 그리고 시계 수리의 예술•2
|es   = Los sueños y el arte de reparar relojes&nbsp;II
|fr   = Les rêves et l'art de l'horlogerie (II)
|ru   = Грёзы и искусство починки часов II
|th   = ความฝันและศิลปะแห่งการซ่อมแซมนาฬิกา 2
|vi   = Giấc Mơ Và Nghệ Thuật Sửa Đồng Hồ 2
|de   = Träume und die Kunst der Uhrenwartung (II)
|id   = Seni Memperbaiki Mimpi dan Jam (II)
|pt   = Sonhos e a Arte da Manutenção de Relógios (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
