<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Envision a Rose Forthcoming#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2030101
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Envision a Rose Forthcoming.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Whodunit]]'' completed
|summary       = Compared to Penacony's dreams, Cocona's dreams are as delicate as a drop in the vast ocean.<br />Nevertheless, you witnessed the rose that exists in the realm of imagination, blooming in Cocona's dreams. Though ephemeral and transient, it is vibrant and fragrant.
|characters    = Clockie; Cocona; Giovanna; Prezzo; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*350; Stellar Jade*50; Traveler's Guide*5; Refined Aether*5; Lost Crystal*5; Clock Credits*360; Credit*60,000
}}
'''''Envision a Rose Forthcoming''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Consult the shopkeeper Cocona
# Use the record to enter Cocona's inner world
# Listen to what Clockie has to share
# Complete Cocona's Emo Dial
# Seek assistance from Giovanna the dream nurse
# Return to Cocona
# Retrieve the record Cocona lost
# Return the record to Cocona
# Listen to what Clockie has to share
# Find Cocona
# Ask Giovanna about Cocona's situation
# Return to the store to search for Cocona

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Consult the shopkeeper Cocona{{subst:void|<!--203010101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|You have received a promotional message from a luxury store. Ask the shopkeeper Cocona to get more information on the deals.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; HeartDial_D_203010004)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the record to enter Cocona's inner world{{subst:void|<!--203010108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|This record seems to hold special significance for Cocona. Perhaps you can use it to enter her Synesthesia Dreamscape.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to what Clockie has to share{{subst:void|<!--203010122-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Clockie seems to have realized the abnormalities in Cocona &mdash; Talk to him, and see what he has observed.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Clockie)
:{{tx}}
:'''Clockie:''' Tick-tock! Something's not quite right about the person you just spoke to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I feel it too...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She looks really tired...
:'''Clockie:''' That lady with the nice voice... she's lacking something in her. You saw what she wrote too, right? She thinks there's a void in her heart, like she forgot something really important.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete Cocona's Emo Dial{{subst:void|<!--203010102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|The shopkeeper Cocona appears to be lacking a crucial mood. Try to restore it to its completion together with Clockie.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Seek assistance from Giovanna the dream nurse{{subst:void|<!--203010104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|Cocona seems to have fallen into an abnormal mental state after she regained the mood of sorrow. Giovanna, the dream nurse at the hotel in reality, should be able to provide aid.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Soulheal Special Mix|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Giovanna)
:'''Giovanna:''' If you've just woken up from a dream, remember &mdash; this is reality.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Miss Cocona's not feeling well.
:'''Giovanna:''' Cocona? Oh, that luxury goods shop owner... What's wrong with her?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She suddenly became very depressed.
::'''Giovanna:''' A common symptom. Looks like her old problem is acting up again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It feels like she's become somewhat dazed.
::'''Giovanna:''' Ah... probably side effects from the prior treatment.
:'''Giovanna:''' I recall that she received special treatment not too long ago... Did something happen again to upset her?
:'''Giovanna:''' She has a decent job and great income, but is always plagued by such problems &mdash; it really baffles me.
:Giovanna nonchalantly continues working on whatever she has on hand as if it isn't the first time she has encountered this problem.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is Miss Cocona ill?
::'''Giovanna:''' High-intensity work will severely burden one's mental well-being. Perhaps she's too stressed at work? Over time, that would eventually cause depression.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What sort of treatment did you give her?
:'''Giovanna:''' The relevant personnel have already "handled" her emotions accordingly. She should have already forgotten all the unhappy memories. Conversely, forgetfulness, sleepiness, and dulled reactions are unavoidable side effects.
:'''Giovanna:''' Please forgive me for not being able to reveal too many details regarding the "treatment." It's a rule set by The Family.
:'''Giovanna:''' Thank you for informing me of Miss Cocona's recent situation. I will dispatch people to deliver more of the "special drink" to her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Special drink?
:'''Giovanna:''' Ah, it's a very special recipe of SoulGlad, specially prepared for those like Cocona &mdash; a special drink unique in the Dreamscapes.
:'''Giovanna:''' Drink it within the Dreamscape and she will temporarily forget her troubles and suppress those negative emotions, allowing her to properly focus on her work and lead a normal life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me deliver it to her then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can deliver it quicker for you.
:'''Giovanna:''' You mean...
:'''Giovanna:''' I understand. I'll give the special drink to you then. Please deliver it to Miss Cocona.
:'''Giovanna:''' You're such a helpful Dreamchaser. I've met many guests from all walks of life &mdash; those with character comparable to yours are few and far between.
:'''Giovanna:''' I'll be troubling you with this matter then. Just as well, I have other guests to look after right now.
:Giovanna is visibly pleased that she can end this conversation quickly. She turns away and busies herself with her many tasks.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to Cocona{{subst:void|<!--203010105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Bring the special drink from Giovanna back to Cocona and try to get her to drink it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Retrieve the record Cocona lost{{subst:void|<!--203010106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Dreamscape)|update|Cocona left a record at the hotel in the Dreamscape, and you promised to retrieve it for her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}



;(Obtain {{Item|Envision a Rose Forthcoming|20|x=1|text=Envision a Rose Forthcoming}})
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return the record to Cocona{{subst:void|<!--203010112-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|You have retrieved a worn record. You can now take it back to Cocona.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to what Clockie has to share{{subst:void|<!--203010123-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Clockie is acting all anxious as if some drastic change has occurred in Cocona &mdash; Quickly, go talk to him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Clockie)
:{{tx}}
:'''Clockie:''' Tick-tock, (Trailblazer), I think something's very wrong!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Everything is too "normal."
::'''Clockie:''' This is the greatest anomaly!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cocona's change is too abrupt.
::'''Clockie:''' I'm really worried about what she's thinking.
:'''Clockie:''' We patched up Cocona's lost emotion and made her memories somewhat more lucid... But it just made her sadder! I've got a feeling she's being tortured by something horrific!
:'''Clockie:''' I've got a bad feeling that if we leave her alone here, something very bad will happen. We can't leave her alone!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, we can't leave Cocona alone.
:'''Clockie:''' It may be a bit intrusive, but the only thing we can do is to take a look inside her heart! We have to give her a hand if necessary!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Cocona{{subst:void|<!--203010109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|You have pulled Cocona back from the precipice of danger. Go check on her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Cocona)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Cocona... Where could she have gone?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I have to find her quickly... I hope everything's all right.)
:'''Cocona:''' Ah, it's you... I felt like I just had a long dream within a dream &mdash; and you were in it too.
:'''Cocona:''' The dream's details... I can't remember them clearly, but I can vaguely feel that...
:Cocona's gaze and yours meet, and her face suddenly flushes red.
:'''Cocona:''' ...I somewhat feel that the reason I'm standing here... is all thanks to you.
:'''Cocona:''' But I've always been in a dream. How could I have fallen asleep? It's all very confusing to me. Could it have been an illusion...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have to get everything clear...
::'''Cocona:''' That's true...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's good that you're all right.
::'''Cocona:''' Thank you... As for the rest of what happened, I think I'd better leave that be.
:'''Cocona:''' I've lived a long time in Penacony &mdash; I'm more than clear that some things are best left unasked.
:'''Cocona:''' I'm now... feeling very good. The last I felt so... refreshed... It felt like a lifetime ago.
:'''Cocona:''' It may be a little embarrassing to say, but I now really want to... sing. I don't know if you know how I feel right now...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is your dream, after all.
::'''Cocona:''' ...Huh? How did you know that? Have I ever mentioned it to you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go forth and let loose your voice then.
::'''Cocona:''' ...Huh? But I... I don't sing very well...
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Come on. Let everyone hear your singing voice!
:'''Cocona:''' ...Huh!? Please... Please hold on...
:'''Cocona:''' I... {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, I'm nervous, and I can feel my knees going weak...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be afraid. I'm your most avid fan.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Everyone will love your singing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will keep applauding you!
:'''Cocona:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Giovanna about Cocona's situation{{subst:void|<!--203010115-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Reverie (Reality)|update|You have returned from Cocona's inner world, only to find that she is nowhere to be found. Giovanna the dream nurse may know something.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Giovanna)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 503030441,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Cocona... Where could she have gone?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I have to find her quickly... I hope everything's all right.)
:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Cocona... disappeared?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I hope everything's all right... Why not return to reality and check in with Giovanna.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the store to search for Cocona{{subst:void|<!--203010118-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|Giovanna's ambiguous statement has left you perplexed. Return to the store and take another look.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Prezzo)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Hmm? It's someone different...)
:'''Prezzo:''' Hello, welcome. What do you need?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} May I ask... where Cocona is?
:'''Prezzo:''' Ah... You mean the previous shop owner? She resigned not long ago.
:'''Prezzo:''' Are you an old customer of Cocona's? I'm really sorry. It's because of... personal reasons... that Cocona has left this store.
:'''Prezzo:''' If you wish it, we can arrange for a new staff member to service you. And don't worry about the quality &mdash; each and every staff member is immaculately professional. I promise you'll be able to find what you want.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm an old friend of Cocona's.
::'''Prezzo:''' Ah... An old customer. I'm truly sorry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did she mention me?
::'''Prezzo:''' Ah... So you're an old customer of shop owner Cocona. I'm truly sorry.
:'''Prezzo:''' I may have some unfortunate news to tell you: Cocona is probably not returning to Penacony. This luxury goods store will have a new owner very soon...
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Cocona)
:'''Cocona:''' ''"Close your eyes and look ahead."''
:'''Cocona:''' ''"Those unfinished paintings and the songs that are still playing."''
:'''Cocona:''' ''"What would that vibrant world look like?"''
:With the crowd's encouragement, Cocona loses herself in her song. Her voice becomes more euphonious and confident...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Envision a Rose Forthcoming
|zhs  = 想象一朵未来的玫瑰
|zht  = 想像一朵未來的玫瑰
|ja   = 未来のバラを想像して
|ko   = 미래의 장미를 상상하며
|es   = Imagina una rosa floreciendo
|fr   = Vision d'une rose en éclosion
|ru   = Представьте грядущую розу
|th   = จินตนาการถึงกุหลาบแห่งอนาคต
|vi   = Tưởng Tượng Một Đóa Hồng Tương Lai
|de   = Fantasie einer Rose aus der Zukunft
|id   = Membayangkan Mawar Masa Depan
|pt   = Visão de uma Rosa Vindoura
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
