<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ever-Changing#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ever-Changing.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Ever-Changing]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Abraham; Trailblazer; Wen Mingde; Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip; Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Hertareum*50; Sparse Aether*8; Credit*10,000
}}
'''''Ever-Changing''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Ask about what Wen Mingde is troubling over
# Find and bring back the timid researcher Abraham
# Ask about how Abraham went missing
# Step forward and identify the real Wen Mingde
# Find out about countermeasures to deal with the Xenohydro's escape

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Ask about what Wen Mingde is troubling over{{subst:void|<!--200010201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|Wen Mingde, the leader of the Curio Collection Squad, is troubling over a runaway Curio &mdash; the Xenohydro. He has a mission that requires the help of a junior assistant like you. He needs you to bring back the missing researcher, Abraham.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Wen Mingde)
:'''Wen Mingde:''' ...Who? Who is interrupting me? If it is the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Xenohydro}}, then show yourself at once!
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Ahem, so it's you, (Trailblazer). You're also here to volunteer in the Curio Collection Squad... Wait, don't come over here!
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Just say one or two words.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
::'''Wen Mingde:''' I'm not kidding. You have to say one and two.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} One.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} One, two.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ahahaha.
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' You don't have to laugh like that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} One.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ahahaha.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' You don't have to laugh like that.
:'''Wen Mingde:''' ... No abnormal watery sound in your pronunciation. Pupillary reflex normal, perspiration reaction normal.
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Okay, now you can come over and let me touch your forehead&mdash;
:'''Wen Mingde:''' The {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Xenohydro}} can't achieve this level of likeness... Alas, the lead was once again inconclusive. Even if the recollection of Curios is the top priority in the Declaration of Revival, it is proving to be a difficult task in practice.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Xenohydro?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' As you know, since the establishment of the Herta Space Station, five departments have been established to focus on the collection and study of Curios, including {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Ecology, Geopolitics, Mysticism, Geography, and Implement Arts}}.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' This monster invasion caused the loss of roughly half of the hundreds of collections held by each department.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' They come in all kinds of sizes and shapes. Some are inactive and harmless, some emit poison for no reason, not to mention some biological types of Curios that can plan their own escape, which is a real headache.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' There is a Curio called the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Xenohydro}} that has the ability to replicate the appearance of other people at will. This allows it to wreak havoc and confusion wherever it goes, as it can easily assume various false identities.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Curio Collection?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' The Curio Collection Squad is an emergency team I put together. The team's mission is to support post-disaster reconstruction and ensure that all of its needs are met during this difficult time.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' As the name suggests, it is mainly responsible for collecting the Curios that have been displaced due to the recent monster invasion.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Declaration of Revival?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Surely, you must have heard of Mrs. Hinkel's famous Declaration of Revival, right?
::'''Wen Mingde:''' "Our fellow researchers were slaughtered by monsters. Their lifeless forms were cold and woeful..."
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Woeful...
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Alas, I can't recall the exact wording. After all, Mrs. Hinkel's style is unique and not easily imitable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, you truly are a man of dedication, Mr. Wen.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' *sigh* It's all because of that Xenohydro's trickery. This has been tormenting me to no end! That's why we had to have that conversation earlier.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' The squad has been searching for the Xenohydro for some time, but to no avail. A member of the squad named {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Abraham}} has even gone missing... It is true what they say &mdash; when it rains, it pours.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Missing? I can help with this.
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' That's great. I was just getting worried that I can't spare anyone to go find him.
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' Abraham is easy to identify. He is thin, wearing glasses, and always mumbling about "Life is but a path to death."
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' You don't even pay attention to how he looks. You can just take a moment to listen to the words being said. He somehow always manages to drop this line at least once every five sentences.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it the Abraham I know?
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' Oh, you know him? He was recently transferred to this squad from Mrs. Hinkel's, always mumbling about...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Life is but a path to death.
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' That's right! He says this at least once out of every five sentences.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' According to the squad members, Abraham was last seen in the storage zone.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' *sigh* Even though Abraham can be quite the downer, which has been a real torture for his colleagues...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Still we can't just leave him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't stand him either.
:::'''Wen Mingde:''' But we can't just leave him.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' Right now, all squad members are busy searching for missing Curios. And I'll also have to handle the whole {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Xenohydro}} situation. So it's all up to you to find {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Abraham}}.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' If you bring him back safely, the Department of Implement Arts will reward you quite handsomely.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find and bring back the timid researcher Abraham{{subst:void|<!--200010202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|The monsters are roaming in the cabin, and Abraham's life is at stake. His safety is the most urgent matter at the moment. Ask him about the details after the crisis has been averted.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Abraham:''' T&mdash;Today I'm going to get justice for Alfred!
:'''Abraham:''' Whoa, whoa &mdash; don't come near me, go away&mdash;
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Voidranger: Eliminator*2; Voidranger: Distorter*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask about how Abraham went missing{{subst:void|<!--200010203-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Abraham)
:'''Abraham:''' Hey, did you notice that one of the monsters you just defeated had a different body build? Even the joint on its left leg looked different from the others.
:'''Abraham:''' I'm pretty sure that's what... what killed Alfred!
:'''Abraham:''' I did it! I finally did it! I finally avenged Alfred!
:'''Abraham:''' I had to gather up so much courage to come do Mr. Wen's errands, and who knew it would turn out to be an avenging trip? Is this fate? *sniff*
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Running errands for Mr. Wen?
::'''Abraham:''' Yep, Mr. Wen asked me to go to the Curio Sorting Room in the Storage Zone to pick up an item for him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mr. Wen said you were missing.
::'''Abraham:''' Mr. Wen said I was missing? But he was the one who sent me here to fetch stuff for him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You almost died!
::'''Abraham:''' Life is but a path to death... Besides, I'm still pretty alive now.
::'''Abraham:''' The way you care so much about me reminds me of Alfred... Now, my wish is finally fulfilled.
::'''Abraham:''' But before I return, I still have to pick up a thing for Mr. Wen in the Curio Sorting Room.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He said you were missing.
::'''Abraham:''' Mr. Wen said I was missing? But he was the one who sent me here.
:'''Abraham:''' This makes no sense... Look, he also gave me this executive order.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190149
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:'''Abraham:''' See? This is the executive order that Mr. Wen personally gave me. It's a notice of an Ad Hoc Transfer. All written in black and white, clear as day.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So even boxers can be Curio?
::'''Abraham:''' Are they not!? If it's just an ordinary pair of boxers, why would Mr. Wen ask me to pick them up?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your name is Aburgerham?
::'''Abraham:''' Maybe Mr. Wen was so busy with his chores and stuff that he made an honest mistake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You actually believe that!?
:'''Abraham:''' The order was handed to me by Mr. Wen Mingde himself. It can't be a mistake.
:'''Abraham:''' I still remember that his pupils were dilated, head covered in sweat, hands cold, and even his throat made a faint gurgling sound.
:'''Abraham:''' He must've been really eager to get the Curio, so I have to get this done for him...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This smells fishy!
::'''Abraham:''' Why are you so weird about this? You aren't freaked out by the monsters like I was before, are you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go back and check this with Mr. Wen.
::'''Abraham:''' I don't think this is a good idea. Mr. Wen Mingde personally gave me the task, and I can't just go back without completing it first...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then go and fetch your thing.
::'''Abraham:''' Why the change? Weird... You aren't freaked out by the monsters like I was before?
:'''Abraham:''' Anyway, it's safe here. I'll go and get the Curio soon.
:'''Abraham:''' If you have any doubts, just take this transfer order. Go back and ask Mr. Wen Mingde about it...
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"GroupID": 18,
	"GroupNpcID": 400001
}</pre>
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Step forward and identify the real Wen Mingde{{subst:void|<!--200010210-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|This is a great play where identifying the real Wen Mingde is the main focal point. You were the one that has been cooperating with Wen Mingde and now you've become the key to solving this mystery.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Drop the act, already.
:'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' You drop the act.
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' I know it's you. You've been pretending to be me, deceiving everyone with your shenanigans. And now you have the audacity to stand here in front of me.
:'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Excuse me, but who are you calling a fake? I was standing right here the whole time. You're the one who just appeared out of nowhere. I have witnesses who can confirm that. So tell me, who do you think looks suspicious here? You or me?
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Now, everyone, the situation is clear as day. It's already well-known that {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Xenohydro}} has been on the loose for a long time. Xenohydro can change its form and mimic others' appearances so perfectly that it's virtually impossible to tell the difference...
:'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' But I never would have thought that this creature would be so bold, approaching us like this and trying to take my place.
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Don't try to steal my words. You accused me of being fake, but do you have any proof to back up your claim?
:'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' What about your claim? And where is the evidence to support it?
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' (Trailblazer), you arrive just in time. What do you think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ugh. I should probably leave.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Wait, don't just leave. You're now the only one who can prove that I am really me. I am the real Wen Mingde, who just spoke with you earlier. Remember?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I might have a way to solve this.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' What is it then? Spit it out. I don't want to waste any more time with that thing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You guys should fight it out.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Ugh, you really don't care, do you?
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' By the way, where's Abraham? Did you find him?
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' And what's this transfer order in your hands...
:'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Retrieve the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Boxer with Colored Tortoiseshell Pattern}}... You cheeky Xenohydro! How dare you use my identity to steal such a valuable Curio!
:'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Now that the evidence is all clear, it's time to end this. I suggest (Trailblazer) make the call.
:'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' I agree. (Trailblazer), what do you say?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} We should check the vital signs.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' We've done that already. The team here has checked our pupils, sweat glands, voice, and body temperature.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' But perhaps the tension was simply too high to act normally. Our pupils were both dilated, we were both sweating profusely, our voices were trembling, and our bodies were cold to the touch.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Ugh! Wish I wasn't so worked up, otherwise we would've been able to tell by now.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Check the signature.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Don't waste your time. The note signed "Wen Mingy" was obviously a blatant mockery of me by the Xenohydro.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' He can imitate my looks and personality really well, so I don't think that handwriting will be too difficult for him either.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' I noticed both of us are carrying the written orders for the team's daily attendance, which you can review at will.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} We should check the boxers!
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Those boxers are a Curio and are not to be worn! Not to mention that they are not my personal property. What's there to check!
::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' ...
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' These boxers are clearly planted by the Xenohydro! I, Wen Mingde, the dignified leader of the Department of Implement Arts and head of the Curio Collection Squad, will not allow the Xenohydro to mock me like this!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's it for now.
::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Wait and see)
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' *sigh* Can't believe I'm gonna say this, but the easiest way is to arrest both of us.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' What do you mean?
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' At this point, I must stop the Xenohydro from further harming the space station. To protect the whole team, I am willing to sacrifice my own freedom.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Don't act so holier-than-thou...
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' I also think that, if we're locked up long enough, the Xenohydro will get bored eventually and show its true colors.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' I see. So you are just trying to drag me into the same miserable situation as you.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Even if I get locked up in the containment chamber, I can still lead the Curio retrieval efforts.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Ugh. I don't wanna go back!
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' What did you just say?
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Go back"}}? Everybody heard him. He admitted it!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} All's fair in love and war.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Seriously!?
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' ...
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Hehe, hehehe, Mr. Wen Mingy, your willingness to "sacrifice" yourself like that is quite touching, isn't it?
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' I only wanted to tease you a bit. Never expected to catch so much attention.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Unfortunately for you, I won't give up that easily&mdash;
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Try to dupe him)
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' After so many questions, I think you would've made your choice, no?
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' I don't think {{MC|f=she|m=he}} has.
:::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Don't listen to him. It's up to (Trailblazer) to make the call. Who's real and who's fake?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The one on the left?
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Haha! I knew I was right about you. Good choice, good choice!
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Ugh, why should we trust your judgment? You are a stinky outsider who came out of nowhere...
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Don't be a sore loser.
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' Huh? His pupils are dilating abnormally. Sweat is quickly secreting all over his body, and his hair is wet...
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' He is the Xenohydro!
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ha! So it worked!
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Actually, that was a random pick.
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' *gurgle*... You spoiled my plan. This is not fun...
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' How dare you expose me? I'll make you pay...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The one on the right?
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Hee, hee hee, you made the right choice. Hurry up and lock up the fake on the opposite side, *gurgle*...
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' I'm not the Xenohydro! Wait a minute, did anyone hear him make that weird noise?
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Don't waste your time, *gurgle*. Even (Trailblazer) says you're a fake, *gurgle*...
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hand on Hip:''' That's the watery, guttural sound unique to the Xenohydro!
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' *gurgle*... I got carried away. Never could've thought I'd fail at the last minute...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, I guess I got it right after all.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ugh, at least keep the act till the end.
::::'''Wen Mingde With Hands Spread out:''' Well, I guess I'll have to sort you out.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find out about countermeasures to deal with the Xenohydro's escape{{subst:void|<!--200010212-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|The Xenohydro escapes once again after the entire ruckus.<br />Maybe you'll run into it again somewhere unexpectedly in the future...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:'''Wen Mingde:''' The Xenohydro's combat abilities have been neutralized.
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Everyone, fall in an olive-shaped formation! And use the central elevator as our starting point! Prepare for the collection process! Pay attention to anyone suspicious around you!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (There is a burst of chaotic activity and everything was a blur. Something seems to be moving fast!)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (... The chaos gradually subsides.)

;(Talk to Wen Mingde)
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Fall in and count!
:'''Wen Mingde:''' The numbers are right, not one more, not one less. Alas, the Xenohydro had escaped.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hurry up and chase it!
::'''Wen Mingde:''' There's no point. The Xenohydro must have disguised itself as a staff member already. Probably already out of the storage zone and on the way to other places.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're so close.
::'''Wen Mingde:''' It's all my fault. Now, how should I explain this to Lead Researcher Asta...
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Hey, we learn from our mistakes. It is imperative to set up a secret code within the squad to prevent the same farce from ever happening again.
:'''Wen Mingde:''' I will report this to Mrs. Hinkel and ask her to assign more staff to apprehend the Xenohydro as soon as possible.
:'''Wen Mingde:''' Sorry to get you involved in this fuss. Here's a little something for your trouble. It's not much, but please accept it.
:'''Wen Mingde:''' If you ever find the Xenohydro elsewhere, remember that the Curio Collection Squad is always here. Don't try to fight it alone. Everyone, fall in!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ever-Changing
|zhs  = 千面变相
|zht  = 千面變相
|ja   = 千面万相
|ko   = 천태만상
|es   = Cambio constante
|fr   = Changement éternel
|ru   = Постоянно меняющееся нечто
|th   = ปลอมตัวพันหน้า
|vi   = Trăm Ngàn Diện Mạo
|de   = Ständige Wechsel
|id   = Perubahan Seribu Wajah
|pt   = Em Constante Mudança
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
