<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Experimental Report 3#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8000172
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Experimental Report 3.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[The Past Will Return as an Avalanche]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Experimental Report 2]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Wen Shiling
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = Experimental Report 2
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Experimental Report 3''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Wen Shiling
# Hand over the materials to Wen Shiling

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Wen Shiling{{subst:void|<!--800017201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|The work of a lab assistant has officially begun! Go ask Wen Shiling what materials are still missing in this experiment.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Wen Shiling)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of Curio does Master Capote usually prefer?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' You're asking the right person. I've gotta be the only person in the space station who can answer this question!
::'''Wen Shiling:''' I know Master Capote's hobbies like the back of my hand. I even remember he adds three and a half cubes of sugar to his coffee.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' As for the Curios... Ehem, you think you can fool me into answering this? As I said, the Curios are distributed according to regulations, instead of the researcher's preferences!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is the Department of Implement Arts' regulations in terms of distributing Curios?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' It's... it's none of your business! The space station has its own rules and regulations, so does our department.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' The Curios I distribute to Master Capote are through the normal procedure. Don't think too much about it.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Anyway, the Department of Implement Arts is very busy. Don't ask around even if you don't believe me. Save us some troubles.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Jeez, I hate newbies like you who always try to get to the bottom of everything!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Give me a Curio, too.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Huh!? Do you even know what you're talking about? I can't just give a Curio to a random person!
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Except for Master Capote, no one gets Curios without going through the normal process. No one gets to choose Curios. You think a newbie like you can match Master Capote's knowledge and standard?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' ...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Ehem, I mean, your researcher level is too low. You can't apply for a Curio for your research at the moment. Anything else is none of your business!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I have to ask.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Phew, finally. I spent so much effort introducing the basics of the space station to you, but you're interested in things you shouldn't know!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hand over the materials to Wen Shiling{{subst:void|<!--800017202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Wen Shiling compiled a list of required materials for her current experiment. Collect them and hand them over to her!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Experimental Report 3
|zhs  = 实验报告•其三
|zht  = 實驗報告•其三
|ja   = 実験報告書・3
|ko   = 실험 보고서•3
|es   = Informe de experimento III
|fr   = Rapport d'expérience 3
|ru   = Отчёт III
|th   = รายงานการทดลอง 3
|vi   = Báo Cáo Thí Nghiệm 3
|de   = Experimentbericht 3
|id   = Laporan Eksperimen 3
|pt   = Relatório Experimental 3
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
