<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Experimental Report 7#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8000177
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Experimental Report 7.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[The Past Will Return as an Avalanche]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Experimental Report 6]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Wen Shiling
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = Experimental Report 6
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Experimental Report 7''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Wen Shiling
# Hand over the materials for this final experiment to Wen Shiling

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Wen Shiling{{subst:void|<!--800017701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|It's the final experiment, finally. Ask Wen Shiling what materials are still missing in this experiment.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Wen Shiling)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of Curio does Master Capote usually prefer?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' You're asking the right person. I've gotta be the only person in the space station who can answer this question!
::'''Wen Shiling:''' I know Master Capote's hobbies like the back of my hand. I even remember he adds three and a half cubes of sugar to his coffee.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' As for the Curios... Ehem, you think you can fool me into answering this? As I said, the Curios are distributed according to regulations, instead of the researcher's preferences!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is the Department of Implement Arts' regulations in terms of distributing Curios?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' It's... it's none of your business! The space station has its own rules and regulations, so does our department.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' The Curios I distribute to Master Capote are through the normal procedure. Don't think too much about it.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Anyway, the Department of Implement Arts is very busy. Don't ask around even if you don't believe me. Save us some troubles.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Jeez, I hate newbies like you who always try to get to the bottom of everything!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Give me a Curio, too.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Huh!? Do you even know what you're talking about? I can't just give a Curio to a random person!
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Except for Master Capote, no one gets Curios without going through the normal process. No one gets to choose Curios. You think a newbie like you can match Master Capote's knowledge and standard?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' ...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Ehem, I mean, your researcher level is too low. You can't apply for a Curio for your research at the moment. Anything else is none of your business!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I have to ask.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Phew, finally. I spent so much effort introducing the basics of the space station to you, but you're interested in things you shouldn't know!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hand over the materials for this final experiment to Wen Shiling{{subst:void|<!--800017702-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|After settling on the final round of topics, hand over the materials to Wen Shiling, and you're done.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:'''Wen Shiling:''' Report, submitted! Hehehe~ Now I'll just wait for the performance review result. Hmm, will I get a big promotion or an even bigger promotion? I'm so excited!
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Look, I've put together some copies of the research I've done recently. You can have these, but they're for research purposes only, not for commercial use.
:'''Wen Shiling:''' That's pretty sweet, right? If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have gone through the trouble of preparing such a big bonus for an assistant.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They can be used for other research?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Yes, of course. These reports are all very valuable. No other researcher is as talented as I am. Just take a look, and you will see.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you, but I'm good.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Come on, don't be shy. Just take these already. Read them through, and maybe you'll come up with some fresh ideas that you can pass on to me later.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityMonsterResearch.ActivityMonsterResearchEnterPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"OnUIExitImmediately": []
}</pre>
:'''Wen Shiling:''' By the way, you turned out to be a pretty reliable assistant. So, are you interested in working for me in the field of science? You seem pretty gifted at this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not as gifted as you are.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' No need to be modest. With my brilliant guidance, even someone as plain as you can have a bright future as a researcher.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Research is too hard for me.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' You sound like you understand the struggle. No such thing as easy in scientific research.
:'''Wen Shiling:''' But no need to make a decision right away. I can wait. For now, just take this. It's the recipe for the "All Good Potion," which I formulated myself.
:'''Wen Shiling:''' You know the saying, "Get in on an artist early before they blow up." My recipe is gonna be worth a lot when I become famous in the future.
:'''Wen Shiling:''' But this is not ready for commercial use. I haven't gotten around to applying for safety verification yet. I did a few experiments in private which produced consistent results. You should be fine using it on yourself.
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Hehehe, I wonder when the funding for my independent research is gonna come through.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1113500,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SaveMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1113500
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Experimental Report 7
|zhs  = 实验报告•其七
|zht  = 實驗報告•其七
|ja   = 実験報告書・7
|ko   = 실험 보고서•7
|es   = Informe de experimento VII
|fr   = Rapport d'expérience 7
|ru   = Отчёт VII
|th   = รายงานการทดลอง 7
|vi   = Báo Cáo Thí Nghiệm 7
|de   = Experimentbericht 7
|id   = Laporan Eksperimen 7
|pt   = Relatório Experimental 7
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
