<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Farewell, My Litter Pony#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024207
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Farewell, My Litter Pony.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Litter Pony; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Farewell, My Litter Pony''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==
# Return to Boulder Town and say goodbye to your "trashcan friend"

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 802420703,
	"MessageSectionID": 1117000,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to Boulder Town and say goodbye to your "trashcan friend"{{subst:void|<!--802420701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|The shadowy creature has retreated, and Litter Pony is about to return to his own world. Before that, he wants to have a word with you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G180)
:'''Litter Pony:''' Yo.
::'''Litter Pony:''' Thanks to your unbreakable friendship with the people of Belobog, these lots have been blinded by the Magic of Friendship! Now, they have retreated back into hiding in the "Betweenwhere," weeping as they reflect once more on how to behave properly.
::'''Litter Pony:''' I don't think they'll be back to bother you again in the future.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you plan to do from here?
::'''Litter Pony:''' Hehehe... Joyous times always pass so quickly... I think it's time for us to bid one another farewell.
::'''Litter Pony:''' In the real universe, I am no more than an ordinary trashcan. In order to maintain the form you see before you, I forcibly absorbed a large amount of power from the "Betweenwhere"... After this last battle, my energy is pretty much at its end.
::'''Litter Pony:''' But there is no need to be sad &mdash; I am so honored to have had the chance to meet you and everyone from Belobog, as well as fight by your side. I have no regrets!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I be able to see you again?
:::'''Litter Pony:''' If you meet me again, it means that something has gone terribly wrong in the "Betweenwhere" again... Looking at it this way: notot seeing each other again may be for the best!
:::'''Litter Pony:''' Although, being human gives you a great advantage in that you have the ability to "dream"... Perhaps we can meet again in your dreams!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} See you.
:::'''Litter Pony:''' Being human gives you a great advantage in that you have the ability to "dream"... Perhaps we can meet again in your dreams!
::'''Litter Pony:''' Saying that, I shall remain here a while longer until the disturbance in the "Betweenwhere" is completely calmed, just in case those guys decide to come back for a second round. If you are willing to help me wipe out their remaining forces, you can come and find me here.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Farewell, My Litter Pony
|zhs  = 再见，小桶宝力！
|zht  = 再見，小桶寶力！
|ja   = バイバイ、マイリトルゴミー！
|ko   = 굿바이, 리틀통 포니!
|es   = ¡Adiós, mi pequeño cubito poni!
|fr   = Adieu, Salestia
|ru   = Прощай, Сумеречная Мусорка!
|th   = ลาก่อนมายลิตเติ้ลถัง!
|vi   = Tạm Biệt, Thùng Nhỏ!
|de   = Auf Wiedersehen, Little Tonni!
|id   = Selamat Tinggal, Tong Pony!
|pt   = Adeus, Meu Lixo Pônei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
