<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Festive Revelry (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025201
|title         = Festive Revelry
|image         = <!--Mission Festive Revelry (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Festive Revelry
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[A Fugue From Beyond]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Zhaoxia
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Skysplitter]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Skysplitter
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Festive Revelry''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Festive Revelry]] event.

==Steps==
# Go check out the temple fair
# Let Zhaoxia connect you to the experience device

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Go check out the temple fair{{subst:void|<!--802520101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|The Luofu temple fair is being held on the Skysplitter. It sounds pretty fun. Go take a look.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G146)
:'''???:''' Holy moly! Isn't this the world-famous (Trailblazer)? What a coincidence! I can't believe I'm meeting you here!
::'''???:''' Allow me to introduce myself, I'm Zhaoxia, an orderly at the Realm-Keeping Commission. I can't believe a small fry like me would have the honor of meeting you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You want an autograph?
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' By the Arbiter! The legendary (Trailblazer) is willing to give me an autograph?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't simp over me. I'm just a legend.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' I'm begging you, please don't use that new-generation lingo with me ok? Okay.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you so hyped?
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' It's because I'm meeting my idol! Of course I'm hyped!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I must have entered the wrong room.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Don't go! I'm begging you!
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Are you tired? Do you need a chair to sit on? You thirsty? I have red tea, green tea, and floral tea!
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Are you hungry? Ah! Wait here! I'll make you a bowl of beef noodles!
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't eat beef.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't trouble yourself, I'm not hungry.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you all right up there?
::'''Zhaoxia:''' Ah... Sorry, did I scare you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kinda.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's nothing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} My fans are always this fanatical anyways.
::'''Zhaoxia:''' Sorry, I can't exactly say I'm your fan... What I'm saying is I really admire you! But not to the point where I'm a fan...
::'''Zhaoxia:''' But you're the second guest at this temple fair... And you could very well be the last one. I'm actually afraid you might run away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Second one? Who's the first?
::'''Zhaoxia:''' The first one was a young lady. Who knew that there are still youngsters interested in our temple fair in this era! She looked like she had fun, I was very touched!
::'''Zhaoxia:''' The budget allocated for temple fairs by the Realm-Keeping Commission is dwindling, making it less appealing to youngsters year after year...
::'''Zhaoxia:''' The temple fair even coincides with the Wardance this year, so even fewer people attended. Honestly, having two guests already exceeds my expectations!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Temple fair? Where's the temple?
::'''Zhaoxia:''' The temple fair is actually a tradition from the Primeval Imperium Era. During festivals, everyone will gather near temples to perform rituals for the gods. Later, it evolved into a market where people would gather to play games together.
::'''Zhaoxia:''' Back then, temples were a huge part of people's lives, and that's why there were temple fairs.
::'''Zhaoxia:''' But now the Reignbow Arbiter no longer requires us mortals to build temples and offer sacrifices, and the need for temples naturally went away.
::'''Zhaoxia:''' But don't you worry! As long as you join our temple fair games, your heart will surely be shouting: Fair-bulous!
::'''Zhaoxia:''' "How was the Luofu Temple Fair? It was fair-bulous!"
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain Silent)
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Fine, the other guest also didn't say anything when I said that. The silence from both of you is quite hurtful...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow. That was really cringe.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Hmph... The other guest also didn't say anything when I said that... Is this tagline so terrible? I thought about it for a week!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This tagline's not bad.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Really? As long as you like it! The other guest didn't say anything. I almost lost all confidence!
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I don't know what the temple fair is about.
::'''Zhaoxia:''' It's actually an improved Empathic Immersia of those traditional temple fair games you used to know! The traditional Xianzhou games you had to be there personally to experience are now all available at this temple fair! Isn't it amazing?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I never enjoyed those before.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Don't say that! The past is the past. You're living in the now!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds decent. Let me try.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Awesome! I knew you would be interested!
::'''Zhaoxia:''' If you're planning to attend the temple fair, just let me know. I'll help you link up the experience device.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm gonna take a tour of the temple fair.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Nah, I've got better stuff to do.
:::'''Zhaoxia:''' Right you are! Feel free to come to me once you're done! It's not like I have any other guests anyway...
:::{{tx}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Let Zhaoxia connect you to the experience device{{subst:void|<!--802520102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Find Zhaoxia of the Realm-Keeping Commission to connect you to the experience device and have a one-stop experience to classic Xianzhou immersia.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Zhaoxia)
:'''Zhaoxia:''' (Trailblazer), do you want to take a tour of the temple fair?
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} I'm gonna take a tour of the temple fair.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.RaidCollection.SecondWorld.SecondWorldRaidCollectionMainPage"
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Nah, I've got better stuff to do.
::'''Zhaoxia:''' Right you are! Feel free to come to me once you're done! It's not like I have any other guests anyway...

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Festive Revelry
|zhs  = 庙趣满堂
|zht  = 廟趣滿堂
|ja   = 華やぐ縁日
|ko   = 즐거움 가득한 묘회
|es   = Diversión festiva
|fr   = Réjouissances et autres joyeusetés
|ru   = Аншлаг
|th   = เทศกาลงานวัดหรรษา
|vi   = Hội Đền Vui Vẻ
|de   = Volle Hütte
|id   = Kemeriahan Kuil
|pt   = Folia Festiva
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
