<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#From Xianzhou With Love#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2020303
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission From Xianzhou With Love.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Humming Antlers, Entwined Horns]]'' completed
|summary       = This concluded the truth behind the "Foxian Beauty Online Chat."<br />Regardless of whether Wen Furui knows the truth or not, he is determined to head to the Xianzhou Luofu.
|characters    = Assenting Player; Asta; Cycrane; Foxian Beauty Daiqing; Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier; Mysterious Manager; Qingque; Shifty Man; Tired Player; Trailblazer; Wen Furui
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Traveler's Guide*2; Strale*25; Credit*15,000
}}
'''''From Xianzhou With Love''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Go to the space station's master control zone and talk with Asta
# Talk to Wen Furui
# Bring Wen Furui's gift to Starskiff Haven
# Go to the space station's master control zone and talk with Wen Furui
# Decide what to do with Ms. Daiqing
# Go to the space station's master control zone and talk with Asta
# Report the information you gathered to Asta
# Talk to Asta again
# Get answers from Ms. Daiqing's manager
# Go to the location agreed upon with Ms. Daiqing
# Investigate the strange container
# Listen to what Qingque's game mates have to say
# Discuss with Qingque what to do next
# Ask the people around about the Foxian Beauty Chat
# Go to the indicated location and ask about the Foxian Beauty Chat again
# Talk to Qingque
# Find the courier cycrane and send the gift
# Start up and follow the cycrane
# Go to Cloudford and catch up with Qingque
# Start up and follow the courier cycrane
# Chat with the recipient

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the space station's master control zone and talk with Asta{{subst:void|<!--202030302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You received a message from Asta, and she seems interested in the Foxian Beauty Chat in Xianzhou.<br />Asta wants to meet in the master control zone to talk face-to-face. What could it be that can't be said over a message?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' Let me finish before you say anything, otherwise you might misunderstand...
:'''Asta:''' A while ago, romantic poems gained popularity in the space station. Many staff members were affected by the romantic mood, and so many of them have started using the opportunity to get to know their other half.
:'''Asta:''' I'm not an old-fashioned, stubborn person. Our staff members work here, live here, so of course I would support their romantic pursuits and lifestyle.
:'''Asta:''' There's a researcher here named {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Wen Furui}}. Everyone thought he only has academic research on his mind and does not care about relationships...
:'''Asta:''' Recently, however, he suddenly requested to be dispatched to conduct research off-station, specifically to investigate the cultural phenomenon in Xianzhou.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the problem with that?
:'''Asta:''' He's a physics researcher, what is he trying to do with a cultural study? This is too big a jump!
:'''Asta:''' His uncharacteristic behavior worries me... so I probed into it a little. Recently, he has been obsessed with the Foxian Beauty Chat, a private romance counseling service on the Xianzhou Luofu.
:'''Asta:''' That's right. His real reason to request for a transfer is not because of an academic shift, but a desire to meet with the Xianzhou foxian beauty he was in contact with.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you supportive of your staff members' romantic pursuits?
::'''Asta:''' I treat all my staff members equally. If Wen Furui wants to pursue his romantic yearnings, I will not stop him. But this Foxian Beauty Chat thing is very suspicious.
::'''Asta:''' Those who have some common sense would be considerably suspicious, but Researcher Wen is... not one of them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does Herta Space Station have any off-station researchers?
::'''Asta:''' Almost never. Xianzhou's route is not fixed, so travel and communication would not be the easiest to manage.
::'''Asta:''' We would want nothing more than a researcher who proactively requests for off-station research.
::'''Asta:''' However, this Foxian Beauty Chat thing is really suspicious. I'm a little worried that he went there just like that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This Foxian Beauty Chat is definitely questionable at best!
::'''Asta:''' Isn't it!? Most people with common sense would immediately see how shady it is just from its name. But Researcher Wen is... not one of them.
:'''Asta:''' I've had a few conversations with him. Every time I mentioned the foxian beauty, his grin grows uncontrollably. But when I try to inquire further, he always dodged the questions and evaded the topic.
:'''Asta:''' I think it must be because of my position as the acting lead researcher that he felt reticent to talk about his love life. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|I heard that these chat services operate on an invite-only membership basis. Maybe you can have a chat with him, and even better if you could get an invite.}}
:'''Asta:''' I want to ask you to investigate this Foxian Beauty Chat. Find out what is behind this service.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if they're legitimate?
::'''Asta:''' ...Impossible! Well, I guess it isn't entirely impossible...
::'''Asta:''' If they're legit, I will consider talking to them about a collaboration. If they could handle someone like Wen Furui, our staff members' mental health could then be easily ensured.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will investigate.
::'''Asta:''' I'll leave it all to you then. I feel more at ease knowing it's you handling it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're asking me to actively be the target of a scam.
::'''Asta:''' Scammers just want money at the end of the day, don't they? My allowance should be able to cover for both you and Wen Furui. I will reimburse all your losses!
::'''Asta:''' For me, the most important thing is to protect the staff members' work and lives. This is something money can't buy.
:'''Asta:''' So I shall await your good news.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Wen Furui{{subst:void|<!--202030303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Researcher Wen Furui is so addicted to the Foxian Beauty Chat that he wants to be posted to Xianzhou. You accept Asta's request to investigate this fishy situation. Best to have a chat with Researcher Wen Furui first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Wen Furui's Gift|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Wen Furui)
:'''Wen Furui:''' Ms. Daiqing, heheh, my Ms. Daiqing~
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hehe, foxian beauty~
::'''Wen Furui:''' Isn't it, isn't it&mdash; Wait, how do you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Keep it down, this is a public space.
::'''Wen Furui:''' I have nothing to feel guilty about, so why should I?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you share your story with a fellow {{MC|f=sister|m=brother}}?
::'''Wen Furui:''' Hey! Of course, of course~
:'''Wen Furui:''' Who are you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's me! Did you forget about me already?
::'''Wen Furui:''' We haven't met...
::'''Wen Furui:''' Wait, you're one of the Astral Express people.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm (Trailblazer).
::'''Wen Furui:''' (Trailblazer)? I remember now, you're one of the Astral Express people.
:'''Wen Furui:''' Oh right, I hear that the Express went to the Xianzhou Luofu. What a coincidence... Heh heh, speaking of Xianzhou, I fell in love with a pretty foxian beauty in Xianzhou!
:'''Wen Furui:''' In the past, I buried myself in research and never once had I thought about love... But now, after I started socializing on the Foxian Beauty Chat service, I've changed! No, reborn!
:'''Wen Furui:''' I didn't think there would be such a fantastic person in the universe. I almost regret not meeting her earlier in life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know how you feel.
::'''Wen Furui:''' That's great! The moment I saw you, I knew you'd be someone who understands me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're weird.
::'''Wen Furui:''' Huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I can understand.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But this doesn't concern the others!
::'''Wen Furui:''' Thank you, you're the only one who understands me.
:'''Wen Furui:''' ...I know what you're trying to achieve. The others thought I was being duped, you must feel the same. "The internet is not real, it's not something you can handle," yada yada.
:'''Wen Furui:''' But in reality, I have already commissioned the IPC to deliver gifts to her a few times. They kept returning my gifts on the grounds of an "unclear delivery address." I haven't been to Xianzhou, so I don't know where I got it wrong.
:'''Wen Furui:''' *sigh* I know, Ms. Daiqing's life beyond the secular universe must not be disturbed. But a hardcore fan like myself would love to have a chance to express my feelings to her.
:'''Wen Furui:''' Darn it, if only my off-station research transfer application had been approved, I would be able to deliver the gift on my own. I envy you... You just had to hop aboard the Express, and you can go anywhere you want.
:'''Wen Furui:''' Wait, isn't the Express stationed at the Luofu right now? Can I trouble you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No.
::'''Wen Furui:''' Are you flat-out rejecting me? I won't make you do things for free! I&mdash;I'll pay you!
::'''Wen Furui:''' I'll pay you double&mdash; no, triple the amount the delivery service company charges! I'll also share with you the lady's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}, you won't refuse this, will you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not a delivery person!
::'''Wen Furui:''' I know, I know! The Path of Trailblaze is a sacred and solemn mission.
::'''Wen Furui:''' But if you help me with this gift, you will be crossing the universe, joining two hearts, two worlds lightyears apart together. That would be so... reverent.
::'''Wen Furui:''' I'll pay you double&mdash; no, triple the amount the delivery service company charges! As a bonus, I'll throw in the beauty's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}! You want to behold the foxian beauty's charm for yourself, don't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure.
::The corner of Wen Furui's lips curls upward. It's a genuine smile that one would only show to a compatriot.
::'''Wen Furui:''' I knew it! Heh, no one would refuse an opportunity like this.
::'''Wen Furui:''' Don't worry, I'll pay you double&mdash; no, triple the amount the delivery service company charges! Also, I'll throw in the beauty's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}! You want to behold the beauty's charm for yourself!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal.
::'''Wen Furui:''' Deal.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who cares about that ridiculous link!?
::'''Wen Furui:''' You're getting shy, I'll take it as you've accepted it!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Bring Wen Furui's gift to Starskiff Haven{{subst:void|<!--202030306-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|To get the private invitation link to the Foxian Beauty Chat, you promised Wen Furui to send his gift to Xianzhou, but the Foxian Beauty Chat never disclosed the recipient's address. Instead, you have to find the in-person operative. And so the plot thickens...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the space station's master control zone and talk with Wen Furui{{subst:void|<!--202030321-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|After going through a lot of twists and turns, you finally sent Wen Furui's gift to Ms. Daiqing. Go chat with Wen Furui at the space station and tell him about it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Wen Furui)
:'''Wen Furui:''' Ms. Daiqing, heheh, my Ms. Daiqing~
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've sent out the gift.
:'''Wen Furui:''' Oh! I've received the foxian beauty's reply. She said the disposable utensil set from Herta Space Station is very useful!
:'''Wen Furui:''' And then we talked more about so many joy-inducing topics. Thanks to you! You're my good buddy, how will I ever thank you?
:'''Wen Furui:''' Oh yeah, I said I would give you a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}, I'll apply for you right now.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not interested in the Foxian Beauty Chat.
::'''Wen Furui:''' What's wrong? You weren't like this before.
::'''Wen Furui:''' I thought we {{MC|f=were both on the same team|m=both have the same interest}}, but you said you weren't interested.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I'm already an advanced member.
::'''Wen Furui:''' ...
::'''Wen Furui:''' Didn't I tell you? No one would be able to say no to a foxian beauty's charm. Did you become an advanced member by delivering my gifts for me? You're so quick!
:'''Wen Furui:''' Thanks for your hard work, (Trailblazer). Here's a very small token of my thanks!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Decide what to do with Ms. Daiqing{{subst:void|<!--202030331-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|The game mates hope you don't bring "Ms. Daiqing" to justice. After all, you're just an occasional passer-by who exposed a carefully hidden truth. Whether the truth should be revealed is up to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Foxian Beauty Daiqing)
----
:'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' I'm here. Can I inquire as to what you talked about?
:'''Qingque:''' My game mates are begging {{MC|f=her|m=him}} on your behalf. They don't want you to be taken into custody by the Realm-Keeping Commission.
:'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' ...What will you do?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will escort you to the Realm-Keeping Commission to surrender yourself.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right, a crime is a crime, whether you return the money or not. Cheating someone out of their money is already crossing the line.
::'''Qingque:''' We are not the law of the Xianzhou, so let's leave the judgment to the Realm-Keeping Commission.
::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' I understand, I'll do whatever you think is correct.
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't reveal your true identity.
::'''Qingque:''' Can you really do that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Provided that all the money is returned.
::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' No problem, don't worry, I will return everything, including your massive sum.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you have to stop this role-playing act.
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' You want me to tell them that the Foxian Beauty Daiqing is fake, and that I'm actually just a dude who hides in a container?
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' I can't do it. I'd rather you arrest me and not reveal the "boring truth."
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do they really only like this facade that you put up?
::::'''Qingque:''' That's right, you have already spilled your soul to each other, this has nothing to do with your physical appearance or gender identity.
::::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' I highly doubt this decision, but since you insisted it, I'll try.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Time has changed, even a dude like you can be popular.
::::'''Qingque:''' That's right, there are so many middle-aged men pretending to be young and pretty girls online. This is so common that people don't think much of it anymore.
::::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' Is that so...? Since you insisted, I'll give it a try.
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' ...Oh right, don't forget the money you paid to buy the tea leaves. The tea you paid for is too much, there's no way I can provide that much to you, so please accept my refund.
:::----
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Daiqing has helped a lot of people, there's no harm in letting him continue.
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' Really?
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' Thank you. I also want to continue as the Foxian Beauty Daiqing, but I will not ask people for money anymore, I guarantee you that.
:::'''Qingque:''' Guarantees mean nothing, we will keep our eyes on you... Wait, this sounds like a huge workload, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} will keep watch on you.
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' No problem.
:::'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' ...Oh right, don't forget the money you paid to buy the tea leaves. The tea you paid for is too much, there's no way I can provide that much to you, so please accept my refund.
:::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the space station's master control zone and talk with Asta{{subst:void|<!--202030332-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You decide to bring "Ms. Daiqing" to the Realm-Keeping Commission to turn him in. At this point, the truth about the Foxian Beauty Chat has come to the surface, and it will be reported to Asta. Hopefully, this information will be of consideration for Wen Furui's transfer request.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You decide to let "Ms. Daiqing" expose his own facade online. At this point, the truth about the Foxian Beauty Chat has come to the surface, and it will be reported to Asta. Hopefully, this information will be of consideration for Wen Furui's transfer request.}}

{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You decide to let "Ms. Daiqing" keep her secret. At this point, the truth about the Foxian Beauty Chat has come to the surface, and it will be reported to Asta. Hopefully, this information will be of consideration for Wen Furui's transfer request.}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' So it turns out the Foxian Beauty is neither foxian nor a beauty... I'm going to have to think of a way to break this news to Wen Furui.
:'''Asta:''' Can you ask that "Foxian Beauty" to record a video for Wen Furui, where she says "I don't think the two of us make a good pair, please forget me forever," or something to that effect?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's very thoughtful of you.
::'''Asta:''' I'm afraid that if he finds out the truth, he'll be devastated beyond recovery.
::'''Asta:''' That researcher is a little soft on the inside. And we didn't do all of this investigating just so we could mock him for it, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's pretty brutal of you.
::'''Asta:''' I think a message from the Foxian Beauty will do much more good than our talking and explaining.
::'''Asta:''' If you think it's brutal, maybe you can ask the Foxian Beauty to convey her sentiments more gently?
:'''Asta:''' Actually, there's no reason to trouble you with such a trivial errand. I'll handle this one myself.
:'''Asta:''' You know, maybe there is a foxian lady out there who would be a good match for him. Perhaps I should seriously consider transferring him to a post at Xianzhou.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is ill-fated for a long-life species to be bonded with a short-life species.
::'''Asta:''' I have heard as much. But I think that's just an excuse people tell themselves.
::'''Asta:''' The way I see it, the love between two people isn't less valuable because life is short. After all, everything is short-lived compared to the universe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are indeed a thoughtful Lead Researcher.
::'''Asta:''' Well, what else can I do? Watching out for my fellow researchers is part of the job.
::'''Asta:''' Anyway, I'm not the one who deserves the credit here.
:'''Asta:''' Thanks to you, we can consider this little saga over. Take this, it's what I promised you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the information you gathered to Asta{{subst:void|<!--202030323-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You got the premium membership from the manager, which may be a breakthrough to help Asta figure out the Foxian Beauty Chat. Report the information you gathered on this trip to the Luofu to her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' Premium... membership? You're full of surprises, (Trailblazer). Picking you for the job was the right decision.
:'''Asta:''' What's the result of the investigation? Is this Foxian Beauty Chat really a secret online counseling chatroom, or is it a plain and simple interplanetary scam?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't get to talk deeply with the foxian beauty...
::'''Asta:''' I didn't say you should be involved that way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's pure scam...
::'''Asta:''' ...Untrackable address... shady male? Uh huh, sorry you had to make the trip.
::'''Asta:''' How should I say it... My initial guess was proven right. But it would be very discouraging to Researcher Wen.
:'''Asta:''' Looks like we have to talk to this "foxian beauty."
:'''Asta:''' Bring out your phone, let's see what trick "she" is playing.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Asta again{{subst:void|<!--202030350-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|The manipulation of the Foxian Beauty Chat doesn't seem too great, but you can guess from her slightly vague words that if things carry on like this, some fraud is bound to happen. It might be best to discuss this with Asta again.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' Now that I think about it, this "Daiqing" scammer had horrendous conversational skills. How did Wen Furui fall head over heels for someone of such low caliber?
:'''Asta:''' In the midst of the boundless cosmos, we meet and get to know so many people... *sigh*
:'''Asta:''' Ah! Her messages are so cringy! Can't believe that you managed to endure them to the end.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} After all I've been through, am I eligible for worker comp?
::'''Asta:''' I'll send in a worker compensation claim for you at the station for psychological trauma.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not such a great conversationalist myself...
::'''Asta:''' Oh come on! You play the "naive {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}}" part like a natural!
::'''Asta:''' Uh, you weren't pretending?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That would be nice.
::'''Asta:''' ...
::'''Asta:''' I see. I'll take it as a testament to the diversity of humankind.
:'''Asta:''' If you get cyber fraud messages, they'll use every trick in the book to get you to spend money as quickly as possible.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm afraid I might easily fall for such tricks.
::'''Asta:''' ...Wouldn't that be the perfect strategy though?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have always been vigilant about guarding myself against scammers.
::'''Asta:''' You'll need to turn off your anti-scam vigilance.
:'''Asta:''' I'm not a member of Xianzhou's Realm-Keeping Commission, so I'm not going to "prevent you from getting scammed." My goal is to uncover the true nature of the Foxian Beauty Chat and ensure that my fellow researchers have a healthy and safe working environment in Xianzhou.
:'''Asta:''' Not only do you have to get scammed, you have to get scammed badly enough for us to get closer to the truth. All the scammers want is money. My pocket change should be enough to reimburse you for your losses... more than enough, in fact.
:'''Asta:''' If the Foxian Beauty is just scamming people for money, then we should help Wen Furui let go of his delusions for good. You would agree, no?
:'''Asta:''' Oh, so she's contacting you.
:'''Asta:''' Remember, it's on my dime, so don't be coy about it.
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|At Asta's request, you spent a ridiculous amount of money and let the other side delete the contact information. You don't quite understand this way of spending pocket money, but Asta seems to have a plan. It's Asta's money anyway, so it's best to ask her what she thinks.}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' I&mdash;I'm blocked?
:'''Asta:''' How much did I transfer... Is that a lot for a scammer?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not a lot.
::'''Asta:''' I thought so.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She might be suspecting I'm the scammer.
::'''Asta:''' Good point. It might be difficult for regular people to believe a sum of money that large.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You scared her.
::'''Asta:''' She's scared with only this much? What a doormat.
:'''Asta:''' Don't worry, with this amount of money, it will usually go through the IPC's currency safety account for safekeeping for a time before it's officially transferred.
:'''Asta:''' So now, the easy part. (Trailblazer), can you contact the Realm-Keeping Commission to file a report, launch an investigation, and retrieve the money?
:'''Asta:''' I will go chat with Wen Furui and talk some sense into him. I'll teach him about the rudimentary scamming technique that the Foxian Beauty Chat employs.
:'''Asta:''' Oh, look, someone else is contacting you.
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Ms. Daiqing suddenly regretted it and contacted you through another one of her accounts, hoping to return the money to you. It looks like she wants to settle things privately before things get out of hand, which is exactly what you want. Ask Asta what to do next since it's her money after all.}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' Ah, the plot thickens.
:'''Asta:''' But, if she does have a manager, why would she use her own alias to contact you?
:'''Asta:''' Normally, when things like this happened, her manager would be on the ball to deal with hiccups like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she didn't tell her manager.
::'''Asta:''' Not telling her manager isn't completely unbelievable, but why?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Her conscience, maybe?
::'''Asta:''' Her conscience... telling her not to cheat you out of your money and trying to return your money to you without the higher-up knowing.
::'''Asta:''' What kindness.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she's the manager herself.
::'''Asta:''' Uh... didn't you say the manager was male?
::'''Asta:''' ...Wouldn't this be a little too cruel to Researcher Wen?
:'''Asta:''' Here's an idea. What if you go and meet up with the manager before meeting her? I think that might be safer. If you can find him, ask about her, and if you can't, just forget about it. It's not that big of a deal.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Get answers from Ms. Daiqing's manager{{subst:void|<!--202030343-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|Asta is suspicious of Ms. Daiqing's attempt to circumvent her manager and communicate with you directly. Just in case, find Daiqing's manager to see if there is any news before meeting Daiqing at Cloudford.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingque)
----
:'''Tired Player:''' I thought it was someone else, but it turned out to be a spy from the Realm-Keeping Commission.
:'''Qingque:''' Ah, you're here too. Are you here to ask for an explanation from the manager too?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What explanation?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
:'''Qingque:''' That "Foxian Beauty Daiqing" account has not replied to any messages for several days. My game mates think some trouble must have befallen her, like being arrested by involving herself in a cyber fraud or something...
:'''Qingque:''' My game mates are so anxious and fired up that they sent me to come and get an explanation.
:'''Tired Player:''' There's definitely something fishy going on. We've never heard of any manager for Ms. Daiqing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You told them the location of the manager?
::'''Qingque:''' Yup! Otherwise, they would have never stopped asking for it. But you're late, and obviously the manager isn't around here anymore.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Actually, I have a way to find Daiqing.
::'''Qingque:''' Really, that foxian girl is also at Cloudford? Why would she go all the way out to the port? What is this, some kind of mafia movie?
:'''Qingque:''' I'll go with you. You seem reliable, so things should go pretty smoothly.
:'''Tired Player:''' Qingque, I don't believe anything this fella says... But if you do find Ms. Daiqing, please let me know.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the location agreed upon with Ms. Daiqing{{subst:void|<!--202030327-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|Ms. Daiqing stopped broadcasting, her manager ran away, and her fans were at a loss for the sudden change. Since you can't find the manager, go to the agreed-upon place with Qingque and meet Ms. Daiqing face to face.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' Halt, what are you doing here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're here to meet someone.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right, we're here to meet an online friend. We agreed to meet up here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We didn't do anything wrong.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right, we're just meeting someone we know online here. It's not something to feel guilty about, haha haha...
:'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' I'll ask you another question, which one of you is (Trailblazer)?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm (Trailblazer).
::'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' So, you're the one.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She's (Trailblazer).
::'''Qingque:''' Wait, wha&mdash; Mr. Cloud Knight, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} is.
::'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' So, you're the one.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you know this name?
::'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' Hm, your response suggests that one of you is the one I'm looking for, right?
:'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' (Trailblazer) is suspected of illegal and fraudulent activities. We will carry out the arrest immediately. All persons involved in the case are advised not to resist arrest, and those who disobey will be arrested with violence if required.
:'''Qingque:''' What, fraud, arrest, what is this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have the wrong people.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right! How would we be defrauding people? If anyone, it has to be the foxian who's out there scamming people.
::'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' So, you're not denying a fraud has happened.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This Cloud Knight is suspicious.
::'''Qingque:''' The Cloud Knights, suspicious? It can't be.
::'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' ...And now you're defaming a public official.
:'''Imposing Cloud Knight Soldier:''' Arrest 'em all.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Based on what Asta said, I should start by searching around the spot where we first encountered the manager.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Is there any point in doing that though?
----
:'''Qingque:''' Agh, they ran away... Are they really Cloud Knights?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Obviously not.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is a calculated trap.
:'''Qingque:''' Only she would know of this address, so she must have arranged for people to ambush you as Cloud Knights.
:'''Qingque:''' We're here at the location, but she didn't appear. I think she might be feeling guilty. Send her a message and say, "Qingster, you're not at Cloudford at all, where are you?"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Message sent)
:'''Qingque:''' Wait, I think I heard a jade abacus notification coming from the container in front.
:'''Qingque:''' Let's go check it out.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the strange container{{subst:void|<!--202030329-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|After encountering a group of fake Cloud Knights, you try to contact Ms. Daiqing to sort things out. At this moment, you hear the sound of a message being received coming from the container. Maybe the mysterious Ms. Daiqing is hiding... in the container?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to what Qingque's game mates have to say{{subst:void|<!--202030330-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|Just when you are deciding what to do with Ms. Daiqing, Qingque's game mate, who is a genuine fan of Ms. Daiqing, wants to have a conversation with you right away. You don't know why he hides around the corner instead of joining the conversation. Go talk to the game mate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Foxian Beauty Daiqing)
:'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' I've nowhere to run, so I'll just stay put.
:'''Foxian Beauty Daiqing:''' Please, don't tell them that I am the Foxian Beauty Daiqing.

;(Talk to Tired Player)
----
:'''Qingque:''' Why do you have your backs turned against us? Daiqing is over...
:'''Tired Player:''' Ms. Daiqing is over around that corner, isn't she? I shouldn't look over there. I shouldn't see her true self.
:'''Tired Player:''' She's someone who "stays alone at a far-off location." Meeting her like this doesn't seem appropriate...
:'''Qingque:''' So, if you're not here to see the foxian beauty. What are you doing here?
:'''Tired Player:''' ...Realm-Keeping Commission's spy, are you going to arrest Ms. Daiqing under the pretext of "cyber fraud"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, the money involved has exceeded one hundred million credits.
::'''Tired Player:''' How could this be... Is it true? I can't believe it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not a spy from the Realm-Keeping Commission.
::'''Tired Player:''' So you must be going to the Realm-Keeping Commission to report her!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have no such plans.
::'''Tired Player:''' You're just saying what I want to hear, I know.
:'''Tired Player:''' Look, to us, Foxian Beauty Daiqing is not just an account on a chatroom. It is a fantasy that we created with the person around that corner.
:'''Tired Player:''' You underestimated the help she has given me!
:'''Tired Player:''' I have had thoughts of ending it all. It was Daiqing who kept my spirits strong and contacted my friends to help me. It was her who make me feel like I can continue living.
:'''Qingque:''' But this...
:'''Tired Player:''' "The Foxian Beauty Chat sweet-talks people into spending their money..." I know that. She wants money, and I want her soothing words. She wanted to return the money to me every time, but I felt like that was a remuneration she deserves.
:'''Tired Player:''' She has the power to ease people's hearts, so she should be able to earn that money with the work that she does. If she is going to be judged because of that, I'd feel guilty.
:'''Qingque:''' ...It doesn't concern me much, but this {{MC|f=lady|m=man}} has been scammed out of a huge amount of money.
:'''Tired Player:''' We won't be meeting her, so we're going home.
:'''Tired Player:''' I'm begging you, please don't let her be taken away by the Realm-Keeping Commission.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She won't be arrested.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is not something I can decide.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She must be apprehended.
:'''Tired Player:''' ...
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Discuss with Qingque what to do next{{subst:void|<!--202030341-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|Shortly after receiving your premium membership, you receive your first Foxian Beauty Chat service. Discuss with Qingque what to do next.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingque)
:'''Qingque:''' Actually, I was just trying to help my friend get a membership. Never thought we'd be so lucky to get a premium membership.
:'''Qingque:''' Good work, (Trailblazer). As expected of someone who gets special recognition even from the Divination Commission, your battle-hardened aura couldn't be more fitting for this charade.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Battle-hardened" might be a bit of an exaggeration...
::'''Qingque:''' Without you by my side, I don't think I could've intimidated him into playing along with us.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Calling it a "charade" doesn't sound like a good thing...
::'''Qingque:''' Hehe, you know what I mean.
:'''Qingque:''' Judging by the expression on your face, I'd reckon you weren't planning on letting him go so soon?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought maybe we could extract more information from him...
::'''Qingque:''' Oh? You suspect that there is something more to this "Foxian Beauty Chat," don't you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As soon as we mentioned the Realm-Keeping Commission, that guy's face changed completely...
::'''Qingque:''' Yes, there's something fishy about this so-called chat business.
::'''Qingque:''' I'm not interested in this sort of thing anyway. We've only lost round one, being forced to yell pass phrases by these fellas.
:'''Qingque:''' In any case, there is no need to be hasty. Catching him now would only get him charged with the petty crime of thievery. As the saying goes, "If you want to catch a big fish, cast a long line."
:'''Qingque:''' Hey, running around everywhere takes a lot of energy, so that's enough exercise for today. (Trailblazer), I'll see you later.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask the people around about the Foxian Beauty Chat{{subst:void|<!--202030308-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Wen Furui sent an address where the in-person operative can be found. You are open and forthright, but now you have to meet with people like a spy. The passphrase is "Acquaintance from the mortal coil, luxurious gifts from beyond." Gather your courage and ask the people around you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I'm already at the Starskiff Haven, I should be able to receive Wen Furui's message soon.)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1200700
}</pre>
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Wen Furui sent an address where the in-person operative can be found. You are open and forthright by nature, but now you have to think like a spy. The passphrase is "Acquaintance from the mortal coil, luxurious gifts from beyond." Gather your courage and ask the people around you.}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (If I continue to probe, my reputation at Xianzhou would swan-dive beyond saving...)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1200400
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' The in-person operation for the "Foxian Beauty Chat Service" is located in Starskiff Haven, and the pass phrase is {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Acquaintance from the mortal coil, luxurious gifts from beyond."}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' So the question is, who exactly is this in-person operative? What a hot mess.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the indicated location and ask about the Foxian Beauty Chat again{{subst:void|<!--202030333-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|You receive a message from Wen Furui. He found the exact location of the in-person operative and hopes you will quickly verify your identity and get the logistics identifier code. Like something out of a spy movie, it'll be gone if you're too late. Despite your suspicions, you decide to pick up the pace.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That's... Qingque from the Divination Commission. Could she also be interested in the Foxian Beauty Chat...)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That's... Qingque from the Divination Commission. Could she also be interested in the Foxian Beauty Chat...)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That's... Qingque from the Divination Commission. Could she also be interested in the Foxian Beauty Chat...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Qingque{{subst:void|<!--202030313-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Although you haven't found the in-person operative yet, intuition tells you that Qingque's appearance here is not a coincidence. She must know about the Foxian Beauty Chat. It's best to just ask her directly.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingque)
----
:'''Qingque:''' I didn't think I would be able to meet you here. Wait, are you here to ask about that?
:'''Qingque:''' Please say the pass phrase.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Acquaintance from the mortal coil, luxurious gifts from beyond.
::'''Qingque:''' Wow.
::'''Qingque:''' Say it again.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must find it amusing.
:::'''Qingque:''' Truly so. They really have complete control of the level of embarrassment of the sentence.
:::'''Qingque:''' You're too late. All the operatives have already gone home. My acquaintances here are also here for the Beauty Chat. You just can tell, they are hardcore fans of the Foxian Beauty.
:::'''Tired Player:''' Qingque, you're painting me like an addict. Ms. Daiqing is a good girl who liberated my soul. This is like a charity for her.
:::'''Assenting Player:''' Who's your friend? Not a Realm-Keeping Commission spy, is {{MC|f=she|m=he}}?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hi, I'm from the Xianzhou's Anti-Fraud Commission.
::::'''Tired Player:''' Well, I'm a general from the Seat of Divine Foresight. You can't deceive me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm also a fan of Ms. Daiqing.
::::'''Tired Player:''' I don't believe you. I'm so familiar with everyone in Ms. Daiqing's chat channel, you can't deceive me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just a logistics specialist who is passing by.
::::'''Tired Player:''' Can you not pretend to be a Xianzhou person as an Outworlder? The Luofu has already transitioned to cycranes from Heron Express for all our logistics needs, you look nothing like a bird.
:::'''Tired Player:''' I don't know what you're trying to achieve by coming here, but let me tell you something. Ms. Daiqing has never scammed us, we are the ones sending her money willingly.
:::'''Assenting Player:''' Don't use your profane worldview to judge our acts of love!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you worry about me, I won't ruin anything for you.
::::'''Tired Player:''' You better not.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm being completely villainized.
::::'''Tired Player:''' ...Only you would know if you're a good person or a villain, it's not for me to comment.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The law would inform what needs to be done.
::::'''Tired Player:''' The law has no hold on this! No one has ever been able to find Ms. Daiqing.
:::'''Qingque:''' ...You can go back to the game, I have something to discuss with my "Realm-Keeping Commission spy" friend.
:::----
:::'''Qingque:''' My game mates are naturally suspicious of strangers. Don't take it to heart. Are you here because of your altruistic nature, and have nothing better to do than to investigate the Foxian Beauty Chat?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you doing the same?
::::'''Qingque:''' You already knew the answer, although I was forced to do this.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I look like someone who's got nothing better to do?
::::'''Qingque:''' Your good-citizen act stands out too much... No, you're a shining, glaring beacon of lawful light.
::::'''Qingque:''' If I were as free as you are, I'd rather go have another round of games or two.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm really just here to deliver the gift.
::::'''Qingque:''' I don't care if it's true or not, you don't need to offer any explanation either.
:::'''Qingque:''' I will be frank. Due to some feats on the gaming table, I was forced to investigate the Foxian Beauty Chat service... But I really can't find the motivation to start the investigation. If I could've refused it, I would've.
:::'''Qingque:''' Luckily, you appeared. You want to investigate the Foxian Beauty Chat, and you don't have any clues.
:::'''Qingque:''' I have the clues, you have the heart, so I'll give you the clues, and you'll give me the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}. Do we have a deal?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal.
::::'''Qingque:''' Smart move.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I refuse.
::::'''Qingque:''' Give it another thought.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal.
:::::'''Qingque:''' Smart move.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have to show your sincerity.
:::::'''Qingque:''' You're far too cautious.
:::'''Qingque:''' I will give you the identifier code, then we will go ahead and follow the cycrane. We find the consignee, I supplicate myself to the lady a little bit, and I should be able to get the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A sweet fantasy.
::::'''Qingque:''' If a problem can be solved easily, I will not complicate it no matter what.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you chase after a cycrane?
::::'''Qingque:''' I can't. However, I have ways to make it fly slower.
:::'''Qingque:''' Since we share an aim, let's go look for a cycrane.
:::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You first.
::'''Qingque:''' Tsk, you're no fun.
::'''Qingque:''' You're too late. All the operatives have already gone home. My acquaintances here are also here for the Beauty Chat. You just can tell, they are hardcore fans of the Foxian Beauty.
::'''Tired Player:''' Qingque, you're painting me like an addict. Ms. Daiqing is a good girl who liberated my soul. This is like a charity for her.
::'''Assenting Player:''' Who's your friend? Not a Realm-Keeping Commission spy, is {{MC|f=she|m=he}}?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hi, I'm from the Xianzhou's Anti-Fraud Commission.
:::'''Tired Player:''' Well, I'm a general from the Seat of Divine Foresight. You can't deceive me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm also a fan of Ms. Daiqing.
:::'''Tired Player:''' I don't believe you. I'm so familiar with everyone in Ms. Daiqing's chat channel, you can't deceive me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just a logistics specialist who is passing by.
:::'''Tired Player:''' Can you not pretend to be a Xianzhou person as an Outworlder? The Luofu has already transitioned to cycranes from Heron Express for all our logistics needs, you look nothing like a bird.
::'''Tired Player:''' I don't know what you're trying to achieve by coming here, but let me tell you something. Ms. Daiqing has never scammed us, we are the ones sending her money willingly.
::'''Assenting Player:''' Don't use your profane worldview to judge our acts of love!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you worry about me, I won't ruin anything for you.
:::'''Tired Player:''' You better not.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm being completely villainized.
:::'''Tired Player:''' ...Only you would know if you're a good person or a villain, it's not for me to comment.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The law would inform what needs to be done.
:::'''Tired Player:''' The law has no hold on this! No one has ever been able to find Ms. Daiqing.
::'''Qingque:''' ...You can go back to the game, I have something to discuss with my "Realm-Keeping Commission spy" friend.
::----
::'''Qingque:''' My game mates are naturally suspicious of strangers. Don't take it to heart. Are you here because of your altruistic nature, and have nothing better to do than to investigate the Foxian Beauty Chat?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you doing the same?
:::'''Qingque:''' You already knew the answer, although I was forced to do this.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I look like someone who's got nothing better to do?
:::'''Qingque:''' Your good-citizen act stands out too much... No, you're a shining, glaring beacon of lawful light.
:::'''Qingque:''' If I were as free as you are, I'd rather go have another round of games or two.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm really just here to deliver the gift.
:::'''Qingque:''' I don't care if it's true or not, you don't need to offer any explanation either.
::'''Qingque:''' I will be frank. Due to some feats on the gaming table, I was forced to investigate the Foxian Beauty Chat service... But I really can't find the motivation to start the investigation. If I could've refused it, I would've.
::'''Qingque:''' Luckily, you appeared. You want to investigate the Foxian Beauty Chat, and you don't have any clues.
::'''Qingque:''' I have the clues, you have the heart, so I'll give you the clues, and you'll give me the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}. Do we have a deal?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal.
:::'''Qingque:''' Smart move.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I refuse.
:::'''Qingque:''' Give it another thought.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal.
::::'''Qingque:''' Smart move.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have to show your sincerity.
::::'''Qingque:''' You're far too cautious.
::'''Qingque:''' I will give you the identifier code, then we will go ahead and follow the cycrane. We find the consignee, I supplicate myself to the lady a little bit, and I should be able to get the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A sweet fantasy.
:::'''Qingque:''' If a problem can be solved easily, I will not complicate it no matter what.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you chase after a cycrane?
:::'''Qingque:''' I can't. However, I have ways to make it fly slower.
::'''Qingque:''' Since we share an aim, let's go look for a cycrane.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the courier cycrane and send the gift{{subst:void|<!--202030315-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|You have a gift for Ms. Daiqing, and Qingque has a secret logistics identifier code. At least Wen Furui's precious gift can finally be sent. Go find the nearest place where you can access Heron Express' express service.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; Mission_202030315_SubmitSuccess)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItem",
	"SubMissionID": 202030315,
	"IsAutoConsume": true,
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Talk_202030315)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItem",
	"SubMissionID": 202030315,
	"IsAutoConsume": true,
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Start up and follow the cycrane{{subst:void|<!--202030335-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|According to Qingque's observation, Wen Furui's gift has not been delivered to the recipient. Go check out the courier cycrane and see where it ended up.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Qingque:''' The cycrane is entering the lane as we speak. The only way to keep up with it is with a starskiff.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The chase is on, then.
::'''Qingque:''' "As an official of the Realm-Keeping Commission, I order you to follow that cycrane up ahead at all costs."
::'''Qingque:''' ...If only I had the chance to issue an order like that!
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have other matters to attend to.
::'''Qingque:''' What? But the... ah&mdash;
::'''Qingque:''' I'll go after it first, you can catch up in a bit!
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Cloudford and catch up with Qingque{{subst:void|<!--202030336-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|In order not to lose the courier cycrane, Qingque has already rushed to Cloudford. Hurry up and catch up with Qingque, don't make her wait too long.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingque)
:'''Qingque:''' Looks like the cycrane has made its way to the Inspection Warehouse with your gift in tow. Its destination appears to be Cloudford.
:'''Qingque:''' Let's get moving and keep up with it.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Start up and follow the courier cycrane{{subst:void|<!--202030365-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|You start up the courier cycrane and plan to follow this bird to track down Ms. Daiqing under the suggestion of Qingque. Follow the cycrane and see where it heads to.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Qingque:''' Hang on &mdash; why is a man signing for this?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with the recipient{{subst:void|<!--202030337-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Cloudford|update|You see a man signing for the package sent to Daiqing. Maybe this person knows something about Ms. Daiqing. Go and find out who he is.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Shifty Man)
----
:'''Qingque:''' Hey you, halt right there. Who might you be?
:'''Shifty Man:''' Wh&mdash;Who do you guys think you are, ordering me around like this?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're delivery workers from Heron Express.
::'''Qingque:''' Indeed, we suspect you of fraudulently claiming someone else's delivery.
::'''Shifty Man:''' Hey now, this is just a misunderstanding, you see? And since when does Heron Express have delivery people?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am a robber with a fearsome temperament to match.
::'''Shifty Man:''' R&mdash;Robbers!? Strolling around in broad daylight, in a civilized age such as this...
::'''Qingque:''' Ahem, let's start with what you do for a living. This {{MC|f=fearsome lady|m=fearsome man}} beside me is very flexible in their career choice, so if you answer honestly, {{MC|f=she|m=he}} might not be a robber.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm (Trailblazer).
::'''Shifty Man:''' Are we acquainted? If not, I suggest we bid each other farewell.
:'''Qingque:''' The gift we sent is for Ms. Daiqing, "who lives alone, away from the world." How exactly did it fall into your hands?
:'''Shifty Man:''' Because... because I am her manager. And you might be interested to know that Daiqing has repeatedly expressed her wish that fans not engage in extreme behaviors such as, for example, stalking. Are you guys even listening? I'm going to cancel your memberships!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't even have a membership.
::'''Qingque:''' I don't have a membership either. We both got here by following someone else's delivery.
::'''Qingque:''' Now you give me an honest answer: You're not going to steal Ms. Daiqing's gift for yourself, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Answer the question!
::'''Qingque:''' That's right, that's right, the gift isn't for you at all. Are you sneaking around like this because you're trying to take it for yourself?
:'''Mysterious Manager:''' Rest assured the gift will be delivered to Ms. Daiqing. As for how it gets to her, you needn't worry about that.
:'''Qingque:''' We won't believe that you're actually Ms. Daiqing's manager, unless...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You take us to her.
::'''Qingque:''' That's right!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Grant me membership.
::'''Qingque:''' Ugh, get with the program! What we really want is for you to take us to visit Ms. Daiqing.
:'''Mysterious Manager:''' Are you guys out of your minds? How could I allow anyone to disturb Ms. Daiqing?
:'''Qingque:''' Is that so? How about I take you to the Realm-Keeping Commission and let them decide whether you're really Ms. Daiqing's manager?
:'''Mysterious Manager:''' No, no, no, that won't be necessary. How about this: I give you some even better than normal membership &mdash; premium membership &mdash; which will allow you to contact Ms. Daiqing privately. How's that sound?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But what I really want is to see her in person.
::'''Mysterious Manager:''' Learn to recognize a blessing when you see it! Those with just normal membership could never dream of such a privilege.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Very well then. It's a deal.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe the Realm-Keeping Commission could help us sort things out.
::'''Qingque:''' Let's cut the guy some slack and just leave it at this. No need to keep intimidating people.
:'''Mysterious Manager:''' What a rotten day this has been. Here, this will also prove that I'm really her manager.
:'''Mysterious Manager:''' Let's keep this between us, alright? If any word of this gets out, I'll have to cancel your membership privileges.
:'''Qingque:''' We'll leave you be, then!
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1200500
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = From Xianzhou With Love
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =   
|es   = Desde Xianzhou con amor
|fr   = Bons baisers de Xianzhou
|ru   =    
|th   =  Xianzhou
|vi   = Cu Chuyn Tnh Yu T Xianzhou
|de   = Verlockung der Liebe in Xianzhou
|id   = Mengejar Cinta di Xianzhou
|pt   = Do Xianzhou Com Amor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
