<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8016102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Gold and Gears Experimental Teaching.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Gold and Gears: The Beginning]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Little Robot; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = Gold and Gears: The Beginning
|next          = Gold and Gears: IPC Secrets (I)
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Enter the Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears.
# Complete Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching
# Complete Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching (II).
# Talk to Herta

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Enter the Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears.{{subst:void|<!--801610201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|Herta and others have added a new Calculation branch named "Gold and Gears" to the Expansion Module. This time, Stephen Lloyd has created a "custom dice" for you, promising it to be even more interesting than any previous Audience Dice.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching{{subst:void|<!--801610202-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching (II).{{subst:void|<!--801610203-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Herta{{subst:void|<!--801610204-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Herta:''' You're back. What do you think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's fun.
::'''Herta:''' As expected.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't see much difference.
::'''Herta:''' Well, you can give Stephen your feedback.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's this beside you...
:'''Herta:''' This is our guest from the Strategic Investment Department of IPC.
:'''Little Robot:''' Hi, (Trailblazer). I was appointed by Miss Pearl, P-45 to discuss our cooperation with Madam Herta on behalf of the Strategic Investment Department.
:'''Little Robot:''' We heard that the Simulated Universe would do research on The First Emperor's War next. Miss Pearl is quite interested, as the Emperor's War happened in the same era when the Borderstar Trade War took place.
:'''Little Robot:''' The Strategic Investment Department is relatively new compared to other departments in IPC, so we have no first-hand experience of that history. Now, the best and brightest of our department are traveling around the galaxy to settle bad debts stemming from the Cancer of All Worlds. We need more historical data for that.
:'''Little Robot:''' We'd like to support the Simulated Universe project and purchase the derivation data related to the IPC.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is Pearl?
::'''Herta:''' No idea. Screwllum seems to have mentioned it before, so it's likely to be an Intellitron.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Simulated Universe is that famous?
::'''Herta:''' Of course.
:'''Herta:''' Frankly, the Emperor's War was so long ago that I don't think it'll be any help to modern investment &mdash; Unless they've run out of things to gossip about in the office and just want to read about the IPC back when it was first established.
:'''Herta:''' Or... Forget it. I'm not interested in corporate conflicts.
:'''Herta:''' Since they're willing to pay for it, I see no reason to stop. This is an interesting proposal, so I'll say yes. Do your best and keep collecting IPC secrets.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching
|zhs  = 黄金与机械：实验教学
|zht  = 黃金與機械：實驗教學
|ja   = 黄金と機械：チュートリアル
|ko   = 황금과 기계: 실험 튜토리얼
|es   = Oro y maquinaria: enseñanza experimental
|fr   = Or et machines&nbsp;: Enseignement expérimental
|ru   = Золото и шестерёнки: Экспериментальное обучение
|th   = ทองคำและจักรกล: เรียนรู้ทดลอง
|vi   = Vàng Và Máy Móc: Giáo Trình Thí Nghiệm
|de   = Gold und Getriebe: Experimentelles Lehren
|id   = Emas dan Mesin: Pembelajaran Eksperimen
|pt   = Ouro e Engrenagens: Ensino Experimental
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
