<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Gold Specimen Goat#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015902
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Gold Specimen Goat.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Golden Scapegoat]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Witch's Mirrored Reversal]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Avilius; Diogena; Lygus; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|prev          = Golden Scapegoat
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Gold Specimen Goat''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Head to Dawncloud to meet with the Golden Scapegoat researchers
# Head to the Grove of Epiphany to complete Lygus's request
# Head back to Dawncloud to update Lygus

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Dawncloud to meet with the Golden Scapegoat researchers{{subst:void|<!--401590202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Demigod Council" Dawncloud|update|The Golden Scapegoat contains information that is both enigmatic and revealing. And it seems someone in the Council of Elders has taken an interest in it as well...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Diogena)
:'''Avilius:''' Ah, isn't this (Trailblazer)! What a coincidence! Perfect timing &mdash; let me introduce you to my teacher and my teacher's teacher!
:'''Avilius:''' This is my teacher's teacher, the Antikytheran scholar, Mr. Lygus. He's the only one in all of Okhema who can fluently recite ancient Titan texts.
:'''Lygus:''' Avilius, you flatter me. Antikytherans are naturally good at remembering bits and pieces of knowledge, so I simply assist Okhema in ways I can.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a pleasure to meet you, Lygus...
::'''Lygus:''' Pleased to meet you too, (Trailblazer). I'm sure we'll cross paths more often in the future.
::I know Lygus, but...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know Lygus, but...
:'''Lygus:''' Indeed, (Trailblazer) and I have met before. Don't be surprised. I'm just an enthusiast of ancient Titan language, nothing more.
:'''Diogena:''' By the way, I'm the teacher mentioned on the teleslate, the one who helped you decipher the information about the "Golden Scapegoat."
:'''Avilius:''' Oh right, let me formally introduce this young lady &mdash; Miss Diogena, the "Light-Hunter" mentioned on the teleslate. She's a brilliant scholar who translated 20 passages in ''Golden Scapegoat's Mutterings''!
:'''Diogena:''' ...What you're saying is getting more and more exaggerated. Come to think of it, I believe this is the first time we've officially met, (Trailblazer).
:'''Lygus:''' It seems everyone is enjoying the conversation. Good, good. Let's cut the small talk and get to the point.
:'''Lygus:''' &mdash; Excuse me, may I borrow a "head"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will a pinhead do the work?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not really. My head is just not in the game.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...It got dark all of a sudden.
:'''Lygus:''' Ah, it's nothing like that. I meant Aegikranion &mdash; the ram's head you recovered from the "Golden Scapegoat."
:'''Lygus:''' As you can see, the two trophy walls showcasing hunting achievements are looking a bit sparse. During last year's routine repainting, Lady Caenis ordered to have them removed.
:'''Lygus:''' But I'm quite sentimental and dislike leaving the walls empty... So, when Diogena mentioned your investigation of the "Golden Scapegoat" &mdash;
:'''Lygus:''' I thought your trophies might be perfect for display here. Don't worry, in return, I'll assist you in decoding the mysterious information that seems to come from a distant era.
:'''Avilius:''' Really? That would be a huge help! (Trailblazer), what do you think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't see any problem with that.
::'''Lygus:''' That's fantastic! How about lending me 14 trophies? We can swap out two each day &mdash; it'll keep the exhibits fresh while ensuring I have enough for research.
::'''Lygus:''' Here's the payment I'm making on behalf of Council of Elders for borrowing the exhibits. Please accept it.
::No way, I'm not taking a loss here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No way, I'm not taking a loss here.
:'''Lygus:''' Haha, since it's the Council of Elders, I'll pay the full fee for borrowing the exhibits.
:'''Lygus:''' In that case, how about lending me 14 trophies? We can swap out two each day &mdash; it'll keep the exhibits fresh while ensuring I have enough for research.
:'''Lygus:''' Alright, that works well. I'll get started on analyzing these trophies right away.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Grove of Epiphany to complete Lygus's request{{subst:void|<!--401590203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany|update|The information within the Golden Scapegoat is both enigmatic and revealing. Lygus, intrigued by it, suggests using the Grove's devices for deeper analysis.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|undefined}} Memory Bubble: Lord Ravager
:After inserting the device into the "Heart of Cerces," a small LED-like green light flickers on. According to Lygus, all that's left to do now is to "wait a little while..."
;(Screen fades to black)
:...A few minutes later.
:The green light indeed turned red. Other than that, you couldn't sense any changes. It seems only Lygus can interpret the results...
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' That big crystal up ahead... That's the "Heart of Cerces."
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head back to Dawncloud to update Lygus{{subst:void|<!--401590205-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Demigod Council" Dawncloud|update|Lygus has completed analyzing the Golden Scapegoat data with the Grove's devices. Let's hear what he has discovered.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lygus)
:{{tx}}
:'''Lygus:''' Oh? It seems the "Heart of Cerces" has completed the calculations for us?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} At least the green light turned red.
:'''Lygus:''' Thank you so much. Please wait a moment. I'll plug it into my system to read the results.
:'''Lygus:''' ...
:'''Lygus:''' ?
:'''Lygus:''' Apologies... it seems something has gone wrong.
:'''Diogena:''' What happened?
:'''Lygus:''' Unbelievable... Someone has tampered with the "Heart of Cerces." Let me put it this way &mdash; what it calculated for us was... nothing.
:'''Lygus:''' ...At this rate, whether we can uncover any new information from {{Rubi|Aegikranion|ram-head treasure}} remains uncertain.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this also a result of the black tide?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who would do such a thing?
:'''Lygus:''' I'm not sure. But based on the limited information we have, the most likely culprit is the terrifying swordmaster who destroyed the Grove. Other than the mindless monsters of the black tide, no one else would deliberately damage the "Heart of Cerces."
:'''Diogena:''' Mindless monsters... capable of doing something like this?
:'''Lygus:''' Hard to say. Maybe it's just another mechanism of the black tide. For instance, the swordmaster or the monsters might have only brushed against the "Heart of Cerces," yet caused this level of damage.
:'''Lygus:''' I'm sorry. Instead of helping, I seem to have made things worse.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't blame you.
::'''Lygus:''' Thank you for your understanding. Regardless, I will still cover the borrowing costs for the remaining specimens as compensation.
::You've had me running errands for nothing!
::'''Lygus:''' Your criticism is valid. I had truly messed this up. Even so, I'll ensure the borrowing fees for the remaining specimens are covered as a small gesture of apology.
::This doesn't feel that simple...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've had me running errands for nothing!
::'''Lygus:''' Your criticism is valid. I had truly messed this up. Even so, I'll ensure the borrowing fees for the remaining specimens are covered as a small gesture of apology.
::This doesn't feel that simple...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This doesn't feel that simple...
:'''Lygus:''' Just like Diogena's doubts, I also don't think that terrifying swordmaster is capable of such calculated actions. But still...
:'''Lygus:''' In a way, the black tide and that swordmaster are just threats on the surface. They might be symptoms of a greater danger looming over the world.
:'''Lygus:''' Until we discover new methods, it seems our journey of decryption has reached its end. I regret not being able to help you uncover the secrets behind the "Golden Scapegoat."
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Gold Specimen Goat
|zhs  = 黄金标本羊
|zht  = 黃金標本羊
|ja   = 黄金のサンプルゴート
|ko   = 황금 표본 양
|es   = Trofeos del chivo dorado
|fr   = Chèvre dorée
|ru   = Золотой образец отпущения
|th   = ตัวอย่างแพะทองคำ
|vi   = Dê Tiêu Bản Vàng
|de   = Goldene Musterziege
|id   = Kambing Spesimen Emas
|pt   = Espécime de Cabra Dourada
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
