<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Golden Scapegoat (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015901
|title         = Golden Scapegoat
|image         = <!--Mission Golden Scapegoat (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Distant Travelers, Listen to this World's Prayer]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Avilius; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Golden Scapegoat''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"
# Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"
# Find Avilius in Kephale Plaza and speak with them
# Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"
# Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"
# Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"
# Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"
# Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"
# Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"
# Find Avilius in Kephale Plaza and speak with them

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|The world of Amphoreus left behind a number of relics that seem to defy common sense &mdash; "The Golden Scapegoat" being one of them. Curious, you attempted to unravel its secret, but it seems this has quickly become a whole separate issue...}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"{{subst:void|<!--401590117-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"{{subst:void|<!--401590104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Avilius in Kephale Plaza and speak with them{{subst:void|<!--401590105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Avilius)
----
:{{A|VO vo ambient w4 v300 greeting enver 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w4 v300 greeting enver 102.ogg}} '''Avilius:''' They say history tends to reflect the collective views of the past... and that's what worries me about the future. Regardless of the era, humans just can't seem to break free from the same mistakes.
:'''Avilius:''' But hey, don't stress too much. As long as there are Chrysos Heirs aiming to overthrow and become Titans, and there are still ordinary people like me pretending to be devout, Okhema's vibe won't be too suffocating... especially if they claim to worship {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} About the Golden Scapegoat...
:'''Avilius:''' ...Shh!
:'''Avilius:''' This is different from our usual banter. Let's go somewhere quieter to talk about this.
:'''Avilius:''' But... I guess you're the partner I've been waiting for. This is great news! Excellent news!
----
:'''Avilius:''' We can talk here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Um, is this necessary?
::'''Avilius:''' Not really, but it's important enough to warrant a sense of seriousness!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I feel like I'm being robbed...
::'''Avilius:''' No way! You can take on ten of me easily!
:'''Avilius:''' Anyway, since you asked me about the Golden Scapegoat &mdash; a name that I came up with secretly &mdash; that means you've cleared the four basic stages as well, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As well?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, you mean...
:'''Avilius:''' Yes, I challenged them too, and was fortunate enough to pass the ones that weren't so dangerous. That's how I got this &mdash; the translations of the ancient Titan language that we can hear when the challenge starts or when the world is illuminated.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190758
		}
	}
}</pre>
:'''Avilius:''' Well? Feels like there's something... enigmatic behind it, right? For example... The dragonslayer inevitably becomes the evil dragon, and the torchbearer inevitably becomes ashes...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have no idea.
::'''Avilius:''' That's true. Even the scholar who translated this couldn't be sure about it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Really? She couldn't be sure about these misty poems?
::'''Avilius:''' Um...
::'''Avilius:''' Well, if it's the style that concerns you... just know that all of this is translated from the ancient Titan language, which I don't fully understand yet. Only the scholar knows if the original was also written in the same style.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a little... How should I put it?
::'''Avilius:''' Right. It gives off an energy that's a little gloomy and deep... but extremely poetic!
:'''Avilius:''' Anyway, they're all precious information extracted and translated from the treasures bestowed upon us by the Golden Scapegoat, and I firmly believe that they are of unusual significance.
:'''Avilius:''' Just look at the first stanza. "Fire and light are the incarnation of that sin." Is this referring to the great Chrysos Heirs?
:'''Avilius:''' Maybe their plan to save the world will somehow cause irreversible damage to the world, but we must bear it no matter what? Are they hurting because of it, but are unable to explain anything to us mortals?
:'''Avilius:''' Also, in the second stanza, "After all, I know nothing of the butchering blade." The source of the information seems to believe that an unseen power from a mysterious domain is threatening the world... But what could it be?
:'''Avilius:''' Oh, and the last line of the fourth stanza... "The god wishes to see the world, and so {{Rubi|darkness|light}} came into being." The scholar was unable to precisely interpret the meaning of the Titan word here, and it contains two opposing interpretations. What does that mean?
:'''Avilius:''' ...Could it be that, in the ancient Titan language, light and darkness &mdash; Oh, and also time &mdash; are represented by the same word?
:'''Avilius:''' The scholar and I couldn't come up with any explanations that withstood scrutiny. Maybe the only way for us to answer it is to record more such whispers from the different challenges... But that might also bring about more questions!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a conspiracy.
::'''Avilius:''' It is not a conspiracy! You're trying to conquer the Golden Scapegoat too, right? You can't possibly think that there are no surprising secrets within.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm busy. Please just get to the point.
::'''Avilius:''' Basically, I think there's an incredible secret hidden in the Golden Scapegoat, but no one knows what it is, including me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Slow down... I can't keep up.
::'''Avilius:''' Um, did I speak too much?
:'''Avilius:''' ...Well, why don't I add you to our secret discussion group on the teleslate? Once you overcome more of the Golden Scapegoats, the scholar will be able to send her newer translations to the group.
:'''Avilius:''' It's much safer compared to meeting up in person frequently.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ah, a secret investigation with a single point of contact!
::'''Avilius:''' Yes, you get it! It's more exciting if the research feels a little forbidden, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Why can't we be more open about it?
::'''Avilius:''' I would like to, but the scholar specifically warned me that the research might be linked to the underlying rules of the world, and that we shouldn't talk about it openly before we make concrete discoveries...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Whatever, I'm not interested.
::'''Avilius:''' Don't say that! You're here already, aren't you?
:'''Avilius:''' Anyway, people might start suspecting us if we stay here any longer. Let's talk on teleslate next time! Don't mention this conversation when I see you in Kephale Plaza!
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 401590106,
	"MessageSectionID": 1450201
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"{{subst:void|<!--401590118-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"{{subst:void|<!--401590108-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"{{subst:void|<!--401590119-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"{{subst:void|<!--401590110-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a way to collect more "Golden Bones"{{subst:void|<!--401590120-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Read messages regarding the "Disciples of Evoccultism"{{subst:void|<!--401590112-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Avilius in Kephale Plaza and speak with them{{subst:void|<!--401590113-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Avilius)
----
:{{A|VO vo ambient w4 v300 greeting enver 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w4 v300 greeting enver 102.ogg}} '''Avilius:''' They say history tends to reflect the collective views of the past... and that's what worries me about the future. Regardless of the era, humans just can't seem to break free from the same mistakes.
:'''Avilius:''' But hey, don't stress too much. As long as there are Chrysos Heirs aiming to overthrow and become Titans, and there are still ordinary people like me pretending to be devout, Okhema's vibe won't be too suffocating... especially if they claim to worship {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} About the Golden Scapegoat...
:'''Avilius:''' Ha, you're here because of the messages from the teleslate, right?
:'''Avilius:''' To be honest, I don't agree with the scholar on whether we can discover unknown secrets of the past from these challenges.
:'''Avilius:''' Well? What do you say? Should we go somewhere quiet like last time so I can tell you what I think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just give me the last stanza.
::'''Avilius:''' Um.
::'''Avilius:''' ...Alright, you can have it.
::'''Avilius:''' This is the last known stanza, I hope it quenches your curiosity.
::'''Avilius:''' Going forward... I'll find more concrete evidence to convince everyone.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 401590113,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			0,
			1,
			2
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OverrideEndTransferType"
}</pre>

----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AddFinishMissionData_PlayMessage",
	"SubmissionID": 401590114,
	"MessageSectionID": 1450601
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Golden Scapegoat
|zhs  = 黄金替罪羊
|zht  = 黃金替罪羔羊
|ja   = 黄金のスケープゴート
|ko   = 황금 희생양
|es   = Chivo expiatorio dorado
|fr   = Bouc émissaire doré
|ru   = Золотое руно отпущения
|th   = แพะรับบาปทองคำ
|vi   = Con Dê Gánh Tội Vàng
|de   = Goldener Sündenbock
|id   = Kambing Hitam Emas
|pt   = Bode Expiatório Dourado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
