<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Gold and Gears: The Beginning#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8016101
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Gold and Gears The Beginning.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Swarm Disaster: Experimental Teaching (II)]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Herta; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Herta's Office]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Herta's Office
|prev          = Swarm Disaster: Experimental Teaching (II)
|next          = Gold and Gears: Experimental Teaching
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Gold and Gears: The Beginning''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Herta

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Herta{{subst:void|<!--801610102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Herta's Office|Herta and others have added a new algorithmic branch to the Expansion Module. This time, they have simulated Nous and selected the time before the demise of #27 Emperor Rubert...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Herta)
:'''Herta:''' (Trailblazer), the Simulated Universe has been updated. We've added a new algorithm branch to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|expansion module}}.
:'''Herta:''' &mdash; Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Gold and Gears?
::'''Herta:''' For me, #27 Rubert is one of the most intriguing members in the Society. It proclaimed itself to be an emperor and started a crisis in the Machine Empire known throughout the universe &mdash; The First Emperor's War.
::'''Herta:''' Ruan Mei plans to cultivate Nous, and Screwllum has always been interested in the origins of inorganic lives. So, we quickly found ourselves on the same page and decided to focus on the time before the death of #27 Rubert.
::'''Herta:''' The first step is to extract concepts such as calculation and logic systematically. Then, we need to organize them and filter out content related to inorganic lives.
::'''Herta:''' Prepare yourself, for you're about to witness the history of the cosmic Droidhead.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's there to play?
::'''Herta:''' You'll know it when you go through it. There's no point in listening to my description without seeing the real thing, right?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} The IPC seems interested in the Simulated Universe project...
::'''Herta:''' Of course, they would be. Who wouldn't? I'm already discussing with them about the implementation of the project.
::'''Herta:''' Be a good tester and do your best.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Gold and Gears: The Beginning
|zhs  = 黄金与机械：开启
|zht  = 黃金與機械：開啟
|ja   = 黄金と機械：始まり
|ko   = 황금과 기계: 시작
|es   = Oro y maquinaria: inicio
|fr   = Or et machines&nbsp;: Commencement
|ru   = Золото и шестерёнки: Начало
|th   = ทองคำและจักรกล: การเริ่มต้น
|vi   = Vàng Và Máy Móc: Khởi Động
|de   = Gold und Getriebe: Der Anfang
|id   = Emas dan Mesin: Awal
|pt   = Ouro e Engrenagens: O Começo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
