<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Golden Scapegoat: Room I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8030103
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Golden Scapegoat Room I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Damionis; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [[Golden Scapegoat: Room I]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = Golden Scapegoat: Room I
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Golden Scapegoat: Room I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Reach the new room
# Open the seal and progress onward
# Continue delving deeper

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Reach the new room{{subst:void|<!--803010301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Scapegoat: Room I|A hero cannot take victory by defeating just a single monster. Why would there only be one gate in front of a vault?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Damionis:''' As I expected... Here's another door and, along with it, yet another seal.
:'''Damionis:''' But this looks like a creation of {{Rubi|Georios|Earth Titan}}... Why is it here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Regardless of the reason, we just need to solve it, right?
::'''Damionis:''' That should be the case, assuming this seal works the same as the others. However, when it comes to Titans, nothing is ever for certain...
::Is something wrong?
::'''Damionis:''' I can only recall that people pray to Georios when they're farming or riding dromas. I've never heard of Georios being able to seal off caves before... Yet, when something involves the whims of Titans, who can really tell?
::Do you need me to eat some soil?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is something wrong?
::'''Damionis:''' I can only recall that people pray to Georios when they're farming or riding dromas. I've never heard of Georios being able to seal off caves before... Yet, when something involves the whims of Titans, who can really tell?
::Do you need me to eat some soil?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you need me to eat some soil?
:'''Damionis:''' Uh... If you believe that doing so would help you to disguise yourself as a dromas, I don't think that such a drastic step is really necessary.
:'''Damionis:''' Anyway, you should first try and see if you can break the seal. We can still flee if anything goes awry.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Open the seal and progress onward{{subst:void|<!--803010302-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue delving deeper{{subst:void|<!--803010303-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Golden Scapegoat: Room I
|zhs  = 黄金替罪羊-房间Ⅰ
|zht  = 黃金替罪羔羊-房間Ⅰ
|ja   = 黄金のスケープゴート：部屋I
|ko   = 황금 희생양-방Ⅰ
|es   = Chivo expiatorio dorado: sala I
|fr   = Salle I du Bouc émissaire doré
|ru   = Золотое руно отпущения I
|th   = แพะรับบาปทองคำ: ห้อง I
|vi   = Con Dê Gánh Tội Vàng: Phòng I
|de   = Goldener Sündenbock: Raum I
|id   = Kambing Hitam Emas: Ruangan I
|pt   = Bode Expiatório Dourado: Sala I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
