<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Guards, Guards!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2011102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Guards, Guards!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dunn; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Guards, Guards!''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Find Silvermane Captain Dunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Find Silvermane Captain Dunn{{subst:void|<!--201110201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|Word has it that a certain Captain of the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone is looking up and down for a group of outsiders, who are said to be well-dressed with a lordly bearing. They knocked out half of the soldiers in the Restricted Zone... including the Captain himself.<br />Does he want payback? Or is he so impressed by how good of a fighter you are and decided to become a student of yours? The latter, however unlikely it seems, may as well be plausible.<br />In any event, perhaps you should pay a visit to this Captain. Just try not to beat the snot out of everyone this time around.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120101-->
:{{DIcon}} undefined
:{{DIcon}} undefined
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120103-->
:{{DIcon}} undefined
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120107-->

;(Talk to Dunn)
:'''Dunn:''' Alright, what would you like to chat about?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you also do a bit of rock and roll?
::'''Dunn:''' Haha, it all happened when I was still in cadet school... Although we were reserve officers, we were still students at the end of the day. So we needed some after-school hobbies to spend our excess energy.
::'''Dunn:''' I formed a rock band with a few like-minded friends, which was quite famous in the cadet school back then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who was in your band?
::'''Dunn:''' Serval, she's our guitarist and lead singer. She was absolutely charming and talented. She totally deserved her position.
::'''Dunn:''' I was her keyboardist... and the two of us always worked quite well together. I always felt like we were... Ahem, nothing.
::'''Dunn:''' The next one is the drummer &mdash; this one will shock you! Do you want to guess who it is? Here's a hint &mdash; they're also a member of the Silvermane Guards.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be Gepard?
:::'''Dunn:''' Uh... he's a high-ranking officer in the Guards for sure, but he doesn't get along with his sister.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be Pela?
:::'''Dunn:''' What a guess! She didn't tell you beforehand, did she?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be Cocolia?
:::'''Dunn:''' ...Be careful with your words, outsider!
::'''Dunn:''' The correct answer is Pela. Hard to believe, right? The petite, meticulous intelligence officer is actually a drummer in a rock band... I guess there's too much pressure on the job?
::'''Dunn:''' I heard that Pela and Serval still do band practice and live performances together regularly, just like old times...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There were only three of you in the band?
::'''Dunn:''' No, I remember there was another person... Who was it again? I can't believe it, I actually can't remember who it was...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't a rock band need a bass player?
:::'''Dunn:''' Ah&mdash;yes, yes, the bass player! I just remembered it after hearing it from you. Haha...but what was his name again? Wait, was the bass player a guy or a girl...
:::'''Dunn:''' ...Eh, never mind. I just can't remember. Don't worry about that person, it's not important.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know much about rock bands, sorry.
:::'''Dunn:''' ...Eh, never mind. I just can't remember. Don't worry about that person, it's not important.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You and Serval...
::'''Dunn:''' ...
::'''Dunn:''' It's history already. Sometimes letting go is the best choice...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of job did you do in the military?
::'''Dunn:''' I am responsible for the general management of the support lines in the restricted zone. Munitions, logistics, energy... all of these are under my control.
::'''Dunn:''' I am also responsible for direct communication with the front line. If the front line was breached... my boys and I would have to form the last line of defense to prevent the enemy from infiltrating the city.
::{{DIcon|Return}} That sounds dangerous.
:::'''Dunn:''' Fortunately, we have Captain Gepard... So things like that have never happened.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} That doesn't sound very dangerous.
:::'''Dunn:''' It's all thanks to Captain Gepard... At least so far, there has never been a record of a Fragmentum monster getting out of the restricted zone.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.
::'''Dunn:''' Later!
;(Unused &mdash; M301_ChallengePoint01_BattleLV1_Succ)
;(Enter battle)
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*2; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Gunner*2}}
:::Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Lieutenant*1; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120126-->
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120127-->
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120128-->
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120129-->
<!--Unknown TalkSentence: 401120130-->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Guards, Guards!
|zhs  = 卫兵！卫兵！
|zht  = 衛兵！衛兵！
|ja   = 衛兵！衛兵！
|ko   = 병사! 병사!
|es   = ¡Guardias! ¡Guardias!
|fr   = Gardes, gardes&nbsp;!
|ru   = Стража, стража!
|th   = ทหาร! ทหาร!
|vi   = Vệ Binh! Vệ Binh!
|de   = Wachen, Wachen!
|id   = Guard! Guard!
|pt   = Guardas, Guardas!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
