<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hand of Zagreus: Room I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8030132
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hand of Zagreus Room I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Damionis; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [[Hand of Zagreus: Room I]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = Hand of Zagreus: Room I
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hand of Zagreus: Room I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Reach the new room
# Collect the Coins of Whimsy and clear the trial
# Trial completed. Proceed
# Shatter the obstacle using "Punch"

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Reach the new room{{subst:void|<!--803013203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hand of Zagreus: Room I|As you enter deeper and deeper, you find yourself in an open and spacious room.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Damionis:''' Oh. It's really quite spacious here. In fact, it's comparable to the size of the holy city as it is nowadays.
:'''Damionis:''' I can't believe such a place could be located within a tiny ancillary town... The architectural craftsmanship of those days was truly advanced.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okhema's ancestors must have been quite wealthy?
::'''Damionis:''' Of course! Even as far back as the Chrysos War period, Okhema has always been the undisputed "Eternal City."
::'''Damionis:''' Let's set this discussion aside for now... Do you see these complicated paths? It seems that progressing onward won't be as easy a task as before.
::Let's continue this conversation later, then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's continue this conversation later, then.
:'''Damionis:''' Alright... In any case, do you see these complicated paths? It seems that progressing onward won't be as easy a task as before.
:'''Damionis:''' The door here is sealed, just like all the other rooms... And yet, there's still a silver lining. Look over there. It's the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Hand of Zagreus}}.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Collect the Coins of Whimsy and clear the trial{{subst:void|<!--803013201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hand of Zagreus: Room I|update|As you enter deeper and deeper, you find yourself in an open and spacious room...<br />Disciples of Zagreus regard theft as a holy sacrament. If you wish to undo the seal here, you will have to complete the trial of "pickpocketing."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|undefined}} is undefined 1)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEventV2",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerLock"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; SwitchHand_Group_ResetTransform)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebugLog",
	"Message": "###机械手Prop位置重置###"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchHandResetTransform",
	"ID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 18
		}
	},
	"AnchorID": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "PullBackAnchor"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--0.2-second delay-->

;(Unused &mdash; SwitchHand_ResetPlayerPosition)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebugLog",
	"Message": "###机械手Player位置重置###"
}</pre>
::<!--0.2-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAllMissionWaypointsVisiable"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Trial completed. Proceed{{subst:void|<!--803013204-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareFloorCustomFloatV2","Name":{"Value":"FCV_isHand"},"CompareValue":{"FixedValue":{"Value":0}}}-->}})
----
:With the seal dispelled, the path to the deeper part of the hypogeum is open once more.
:'''Damionis:''' Although this is not the first time I've seen this item, I'm still curious about one thing... Can such an enormous hand really be used for theft?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Any infiltration can be considered flawless if there's no one around to witness it.
::'''Damionis:''' Indeed. If so, I guess breaking open the entrance to a bank by force could also be viewed as a form of theft... Zagreus is a terrifying Titan indeed.
::Shouldn't breaking open the main entrance of a bank be considered a form of robbery?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shouldn't breaking open the main entrance of a bank be considered a form of robbery?
:'''Damionis:''' If that's the case, then assassins can be considered to have accomplished their infiltration by eliminating all witnesses... Zagreus is a terrifying Titan indeed.
:'''Damionis:''' Well, it looks like the atmosphere has livened up quite a bit. Let's press on, then.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Shatter the obstacle using "Punch"{{subst:void|<!--803013202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hand of Zagreus: Room I|update|Every room in the hypogea is protected by a seal, and this one is controlled by the "Hand of Zagreus." You will need to complete its trial before you can continue any further.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hand of Zagreus: Room I
|zhs  = 扎格列斯之手-房间Ⅰ
|zht  = 扎格列斯之手-房間Ⅰ
|ja   = ザグレウスの手：部屋I
|ko   = 자그레우스의 손-방Ⅰ
|es   = Mano de Zagreus: sala I
|fr   = Salle I de la Main de Zagreus
|ru   = Рука Загрея I
|th   = หัตถ์ Zagreus: ห้อง I
|vi   = Tay Của Zagreus: Phòng I
|de   = Hand des Zagreus: Raum I
|id   = Tangan Zagreus: Ruangan I
|pt   = A Mão de Zagreus: Sala I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
