<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hand of Zagreus: Room II#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8030104
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hand of Zagreus Room II.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Damionis; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [[Hand of Zagreus: Room II]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = Hand of Zagreus: Room II
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hand of Zagreus: Room II''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Collect the Coins of Whimsy
# End control and continue forward
# Reach the new room

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Collect the Coins of Whimsy{{subst:void|<!--803010402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hand of Zagreus: Room II|Every room in the hypogea is protected by a seal, and this one is controlled by the "Hand of Zagreus." You will need to complete its trial before you can continue any further.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|undefined}} is undefined 1)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEventV2",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerLock"
	},
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300001
		]
	}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; SwitchHand_Group_ResetTransform)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebugLog",
	"Message": "###机械手Prop位置重置###"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SwitchHandResetTransform",
	"ID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 16
		}
	},
	"AnchorID": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "PullBackAnchor"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--0.2-second delay-->

;(Unused &mdash; SwitchHand_ResetPlayerPosition)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DebugLog",
	"Message": "###机械手Player位置重置###"
}</pre>
::<!--0.2-second delay-->

{{Dialogue End}}

===End control and continue forward{{subst:void|<!--803010403-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Reach the new room{{subst:void|<!--803010401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Hand of Zagreus: Room II|update|As you enter deeper and deeper, you find yourself in an open and spacious room.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Damionis:''' Oh. It's really quite spacious here. In fact, it's comparable to the size of the holy city as it is nowadays.
:'''Damionis:''' I can't believe such a place could be located within a tiny ancillary town... The architectural craftsmanship of those days was truly advanced.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okhema's ancestors must have been quite wealthy?
::'''Damionis:''' Of course! Even as far back as the Chrysos War period, Okhema has always been the undisputed "Eternal City."
::'''Damionis:''' Let's set this discussion aside for now... Do you see these complicated paths? It seems that progressing onward won't be as easy a task as before.
::Let's continue this conversation later, then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's continue this conversation later, then.
:'''Damionis:''' Alright... In any case, do you see these complicated paths? It seems that progressing onward won't be as easy a task as before.
:'''Damionis:''' The door here is sealed, just like all the other rooms... And yet, there's still a silver lining. Look over there. It's the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Hand of Zagreus}}.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hand of Zagreus: Room II
|zhs  = 扎格列斯之手-房间Ⅱ
|zht  = 扎格列斯之手-房間Ⅱ
|ja   = ザグレウスの手：部屋II
|ko   = 자그레우스의 손-방Ⅱ
|es   = Mano de Zagreus: sala II
|fr   = Salle II de la Main de Zagreus
|ru   = Рука Загрея II
|th   = หัตถ์ Zagreus: ห้อง II
|vi   = Tay Của Zagreus: Phòng II
|de   = Hand des Zagreus: Raum II
|id   = Tangan Zagreus: Ruangan II
|pt   = A Mão de Zagreus: Sala II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
