<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hanu's Prison Break#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8020220
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hanu's Prison Break.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Hanu's Prison Break
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hanu's Prison Break]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dr. Edward; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Hanu's Dream Bubble*1
}}
'''''Hanu's Prison Break''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Hanu's Prison Break]] event.

==Steps==
# Give feedback to Dr. Edward

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Give feedback to Dr. Edward{{subst:void|<!--802022001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|After playing with the dream bubble, complicated emotions well up in your mind.<br />Dr. Edward definitely wants to know about your experience. Go talk to him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Dr. Edward:''' Congratulations on completing the full story in the dream bubble!
:'''Dr. Edward:''' What do you think of the story?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did any of these things happen in real life?
::<!--1-second delay-->
::'''Dr. Edward:''' Dr. Edward doesn't give guarantees on the veracity of the dream bubble content. A dream is a dream. Just enjoy it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's sloppy...
::<!--1-second delay-->
::'''Dr. Edward:''' The dream bubble is already quite a success, my dear! After all, this is Penacony, not a museum!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's quite interesting.
::<!--1-second delay-->
::'''Dr. Edward:''' That's the highest praise a dream bubble can get. Thanks!
:'''Dr. Edward:''' As the dream bubble is still undergoing the testing and development stage, the developers have enlisted my help to carry out a survey regarding its content. Now, I'll ask you a few questions.
:'''Dr. Edward:''' What do you think was the true reason behind the prisoners' riot?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The prisoners' desire for freedom.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Boss Stone's oppression.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The prisoners' craving for SoulGlad.
:'''Dr. Edward:''' Hmm... Noted. In your opinion, what was the key factor that led to the success of the rebellion?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hanu's leadership.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The prisoners' joint effort.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My plot armor.
:'''Dr. Edward:''' I see... Lastly, do you believe the prisoners' plan to transform Dreamville would be successful?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's hard to say. I'll wait for the upcoming DLC.
::'''Dr. Edward:''' Hahaha, that's funny. Don't worry. I'll pass on your feedback to the developers!
:'''Dr. Edward:''' I can tell you really immersed yourself in the dream bubble. However, true history may not be as interesting...
:'''Dr. Edward:''' Anyway, I hope you enjoy the experience! If you find the gameplay of this dream bubble fun, I'd suggest that you try the stage that follows: Deep Dreamscape.
:'''Dr. Edward:''' There will be fewer plot elements in this stage, but the developers have prepared various challenges that come with amazing rewards! Don't miss it!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hanu's Prison Break
|zhs  = 哈努兄弟越狱记
|zht  = 哈努兄弟越獄記
|ja   = ブラザーハヌ脱獄記
|ko   = 하누 형제 탈옥기
|es   = La fuga de Hanu
|fr   = Évasion de Hanu
|ru   = Побег братца Хану
|th   = บันทึกหนีแดนขังของลูกพี่ Hanu
|vi   = Nhật Ký Vượt Ngục Của Người Anh Em Hanu
|de   = Hanus Gefängnisausbruch
|id   = Catatan Pelarian Penjara Hanu
|pt   = Fuga da Prisão de Hanu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
