<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hexanexus: Remake Easy Mode I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025216
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hexanexus Remake Easy Mode I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Virtual Seymour
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[The Shackling Prison]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = The Shackling Prison
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hexanexus: Remake Easy Mode I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Complete Hexanexus: Remake Easy Mode I

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete Hexanexus: Remake Easy Mode I{{subst:void|<!--802521602-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=The Shackling Prison|Complete Hexanexus: Remake Easy Mode I}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' Hi, player (Trailblazer). Did you miss me? Come play the thrilling Hexanexus: Remake if you did!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you eating prison goop?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Prisoners can also grant their image rights?
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' Heh, I developed this entire Empathic Immersia system. It'd be absurd if they didn't even allow me to show my face, would it?
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' This virtual NPC system was made possible with Arma Correctional Group's writing and my development. You stand before the great creator of this Empathic Immersia!
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' What do you think? Any thoughts?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You got something I haven't played before?
::'''Virtual Seymour:''' When we've got more manpower! I'll definitely create something fun, interesting, and innovative for you!
::Why hasn't Arma shown himself then?
::'''Virtual Seymour:''' That fellow looks a little... imposingly dignified. We fear he might scare off temple fair guests, so he's really not suitable to be a guide.
::Can I skip the gameplay? I just want the reward.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why hasn't Arma shown himself then?
::'''Virtual Seymour:''' That fellow looks a little... imposingly dignified. We fear he might scare off temple fair guests, so he's really not suitable to be a guide.
::Can I skip the gameplay? I just want the reward.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I skip the gameplay? I just want the reward.
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' C'mon, please. You can at least fiddle with the game for a while and help me boost my interaction rates. That will at least reduce my sentence a little.
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' You're also a Hexanexus veteran. There's nothing much that I can guide as a... guide.
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' I'm off, have fun. Hope you liked the design of this puzzle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You'd probably better tell me about the rules again.
::'''Virtual Seymour:''' Nope, we're almost at the 800-word limit. Goodbye!
::I noticed you've cut down on your blather.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I noticed you've cut down on your blather.
:'''Virtual Seymour:''' Because I've finally realized &mdash; the fewer words spoken, the higher my positive reviews.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' This fella's pretty funny. I should go visit him the next time I'm going to the prison.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hexanexus: Remake Easy Mode I
|zhs  = 「枘凿六合•Remake」简单模式I
|zht  = 「枘鑿六合•Remake」簡單模式I
|ja   = 「枘構立方・リメイク」難易度・簡単I
|ko   = 「모순된 결합체•Remake」 쉬움 모드 I
|es   = Hexanexus: Reedición: modo fácil&nbsp;I
|fr   = Mode facile I de l'Hexanexus V2
|ru   = Гексанексус: Remake - Простой режим I
|th   = Hexanexus: Remake โหมดง่าย I
|vi   = "Khối Lục Giác - Remake" Chế Độ Dễ I
|de   = Hexanexus: Remake – Leichter Modus I
|id   = "Hexanexus: Remake" Mode Gampang I
|pt   = Hexanexus: Remake - Modo Fácil I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
