<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hexanexus Easy Mode I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025210
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hexanexus Easy Mode I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dahao?; Phantom A; Phantom B; Trailblazer; Virtual Dahao
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Artisanship Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Artisanship Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hexanexus Easy Mode I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Complete Hexanexus Easy Mode I

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete Hexanexus Easy Mode I{{subst:void|<!--802521002-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|Complete Hexanexus Easy Mode I}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Phantom A:''' Wow! This magic cube is really fun!
:'''Phantom B:''' You're right! Hexanexus truly is the most enjoyable game in the world!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Zhaoxia, your temple fair is haunted!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this some horror game?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ghost-hunting squad! Assemble!
:'''Dahao?:''' Simmer down, player (Trailblazer). These are just AI NPCs to make up the numbers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dahao? What're you doing here?
::'''Dahao?:''' I've transferred my image rights to the Luofu Temple Fair Preparatory Group, so they can use my virtual emulation as a temple fair guide.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dahao? How'd you die?
::'''Dahao?:''' Don't worry. I'm not dead. I've just transferred my image rights to the Luofu Temple Fair Preparatory Group so they can use my virtual emulation as a temple fair guide.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't sound like the real Dahao at all.
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' The budget was severely slashed, and we couldn't hire a professional writer. We called in a lot of favors to hire a borisin called Arma from the Shackling Prison to write the dialogue script for the virtual NPCs.
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' "The Arma Correctional Group is sincerely at your service! Snacks and drinks, daily necessities, service with a smile, medicine for our guests! We aim for your every need at Arma Correctional Group!"
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' Sorry, saying keywords triggers my tagline.
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' Anyway, don't mind the details. We're just here to hype people up.
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' Look, it's not just me. Many colleagues in the Six Commissions have also transferred their image rights to the temple fair &mdash; the entire place will brim with vigor!
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' I mean, otherwise it'll just be the player on their own in the arena, all sad and lonely &mdash; so scary!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's obviously made everything more creepy.
::'''Virtual Dahao:''' That's all we could muster with our budget. Just make do.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The time spent on this rubbish could've been better used to raise more funds.
::'''Virtual Dahao:''' Raise more funds? Haha, you sure are funny.
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' All right, enough chatter, come play the Hexanexus. I trust I don't have to describe this game to you?
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' This game was once the bane of the Realm-Keeping Commission, and now it's featured on the Empathic Immersia platform at the Realm-Keeping Commission's temple fair! What a dream collab!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you end up partnering with the Hex Club?
::'''Virtual Dahao:''' Easy, we made 'em an official offer they couldn't refuse!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm really tired of this dang cube...
::'''Virtual Dahao:''' Change a gameplay environment, and you might just discover a new experience.
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' Ah, this conversation has almost reached 800 words. The virtual NPC is going to start charging additional server operational fees if you exceed 1,000 words.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Eh? You're sentient?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What exactly is the principle behind the virtual NPCs?
:'''Virtual Dahao:''' I'm out of words to elaborate. Have fun by yourself, goodbye.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hexanexus Easy Mode I
|zhs  = 「枘凿六合」简单模式I
|zht  = 「枘鑿六合」簡單模式I
|ja   = 「枘構立方」難易度・簡単I
|ko   = 「모순된 결합체」 쉬움 모드 I
|es   = Hexanexus: modo fácil&nbsp;I
|fr   = Mode facile I de l'Hexanexus
|ru   = Гексанексус - Простой режим I
|th   = Hexanexus โหมดง่าย I
|vi   = "Khối Lục Giác" Chế Độ Dễ I
|de   = Hexanexus – Leichter Modus I
|id   = "Hexanexus" Mode Gampang I
|pt   = Hexanexus - Modo Fácil I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
