<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyperlink Match, Topaz!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014138
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hyperlink Match, Topaz!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aetherium Wars
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Qingque!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Peppy!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Sampo!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Bronya!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Final Showdown! Intergalactic Celebration!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Topaz; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Old Weapon Testing Ground]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Old Weapon Testing Ground
|prev          = Final Showdown! Intergalactic Celebration!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hyperlink Match, Topaz!''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aetherium Wars]] event.

==Steps==
# Have a Hyperlink Match with Topaz!

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Have a Hyperlink Match with Topaz!{{subst:void|<!--801413801-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Old Weapon Testing Ground|The core gameplay loop behind Aetherium Wars is "dueling." Challenge different players and show your true strength!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Topaz)
:'''Topaz:''' Hey, Festival Champion! What do you think, do you like our corporation's game?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu",
	"DisplaySingleMenuItem": true
}</pre>
:'''Topaz:''' I see you've really put blood, sweat, and tears into this game. I hope you'll continue to support the IPC in future~
:'''Topaz:''' By the way, if you can take the Championship again, maybe the developers will release a Season Champion Skin based on you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another time.
:'''Topaz:''' No worries, I'll be ready any time.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherDivideEntryPage",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "2"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyperlink Match, Topaz!
|zhs  = 超链接对决！托帕
|zht  = 超連結對決！托帕
|ja   = ハイパーリンクバトル！トパーズ
|ko   = 하이퍼링크 대결! 토파즈
|es   = Enfrentamiento de hipervínculos: Topaz
|fr   = Combat hyperlink&nbsp;: Topaz&nbsp;!
|ru   = Матч! Топаз!
|th   = ประลองไฮเปอร์ลิงก์กับ Topaz!
|vi   = Quyết Đấu Siêu Liên Kết! Topaz
|de   = Hyperlinkmatch, Topaz!
|id   = Duel Hyperlink, Topaz!
|pt   = Batalha de Hyperlink, Topaz!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
