<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyperlink Match, March 7th!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014140
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hyperlink Match, March 7th!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aetherium Wars
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Qingque!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Peppy!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Sampo!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Bronya!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Final Showdown! Intergalactic Celebration!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = March 7th; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Old Weapon Testing Ground]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Old Weapon Testing Ground
|prev          = Final Showdown! Intergalactic Celebration!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hyperlink Match, March 7th!''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aetherium Wars]] event.

==Steps==
# Have a Hyperlink Match with March 7th

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Have a Hyperlink Match with March 7th{{subst:void|<!--801414001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Old Weapon Testing Ground|The core gameplay loop behind Aetherium Wars is "dueling." Challenge different players and show your true strength!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to March 7th)
:'''March 7th:''' Hehe, you finally came, (Trailblazer)!
:'''March 7th:''' We've raised Aether Spirits together all this time. We cleared the trials of the Victory Zone and finally, we became the Festival Champions...
:'''March 7th:''' But don't think that was the end of it! How can there be two Champions? Your fellow Champion wants to battle and find the true victor!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu",
	"DisplaySingleMenuItem": true
}</pre>
:'''March 7th:''' You're so ruthless, you didn't even give me a chance...
:'''March 7th:''' Hmph, forget it, you can be the final Champion~ But remember, without my help, you would never have gotten the title of Champion!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another time.
:'''March 7th:''' Hey, hey! You're not scared, are you? When you're ready, you have to battle me. You have to!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherDivideEntryPage",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "2"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyperlink Match, March 7th!
|zhs  = 超链接对决！三月七
|zht  = 超連結對決！三月七
|ja   = ハイパーリンクバトル！三月なのか
|ko   = 하이퍼링크 대결! Mar. 7th
|es   = Enfrentamiento de hipervínculos: Siete de Marzo
|fr   = Combat hyperlink&nbsp;: March&nbsp;7th&nbsp;!
|ru   = Матч! Март 7!
|th   = ประลองไฮเปอร์ลิงก์กับ March 7th!
|vi   = Quyết Đấu Siêu Liên Kết! March 7th
|de   = Hyperlinkmatch, 7. März!
|id   = Duel Hyperlink, March 7th!
|pt   = Batalha de Hyperlink, 7 de Março!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
