<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyperlink Match, Oleg!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014124
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hyperlink Match, Oleg!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aetherium Wars
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Embark! Corridor of Fading Echoes!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Oleg; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = Embark! Corridor of Fading Echoes!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hyperlink Match, Oleg!''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aetherium Wars]] event.

==Steps==
# Have a Hyperlink Match with Oleg

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Have a Hyperlink Match with Oleg{{subst:void|<!--801412401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|The core gameplay loop behind Aetherium Wars is "dueling." Challenge different players and show your true strength!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Oleg)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501030501-->)
::'''Oleg:''' Yo, we meet again, (Trailblazer)! I thought you all left to save the world or something already.
::'''Oleg:''' Good timing, I still owe you a thank you: Thanks for getting this city back on the right track, outsider.
::'''Oleg:''' Before this place is completely handed over to the Silvermane Guards, Wildfire still has to oversee the Underworld's daily affairs. Feel free to speak up if you need anything.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501030501-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501030527
}</pre>
::'''Oleg:''' As long as you're in the Underworld, Wildfire will always treat you with utmost hospitality. Never hesitate to speak your needs.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Oleg:''' ...You young people really have spirit. Looks like I can rest assured leaving Belobog in your hands...
:'''Oleg:''' Hah, as if I'd say something like that! I'm not past it yet! When I figure this game out, I'll come back and avenge myself.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherDivideEntryPage",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "2"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyperlink Match, Oleg!
|zhs  = 超链接对决！奥列格
|zht  = 超連結對決！奧列格
|ja   = ハイパーリンクバトル！オレグ
|ko   = 하이퍼링크 대결! 올레그
|es   = Enfrentamiento de hipervínculos: Oleg
|fr   = Combat hyperlink&nbsp;: Oleg&nbsp;!
|ru   = Матч! Олег!
|th   = ประลองไฮเปอร์ลิงก์กับ Oleg!
|vi   = Quyết Đấu Siêu Liên Kết! Oleg
|de   = Hyperlinkmatch, Oleg!
|id   = Duel Hyperlink, Oleg!
|pt   = Batalha de Hyperlink, Oleg!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
