<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyperlink Match, Julian!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014122
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hyperlink Match, Julian!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aetherium Wars
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Embark! Corridor of Fading Echoes!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Julian; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = Embark! Corridor of Fading Echoes!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hyperlink Match, Julian!''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aetherium Wars]] event.

==Steps==
# Have a Hyperlink Match with Julian

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Have a Hyperlink Match with Julian{{subst:void|<!--801412201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|The core gameplay loop behind Aetherium Wars is "dueling." Challenge different players and show your true strength!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing here?
::'''Julian:''' Hmmm... you seriously do not understand.
::'''Julian:''' I, Julian of a Thousand Faces, am honing my own disguise skills!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you're very skilled already, aren't you?
:::'''Julian:''' Well... um... your praise doesn't excite me...
:::'''Julian:''' ...Anyway, the next time we play hide-and-seek, you won't be able to find me! I am 100% sure of that!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you practicing magic?
:::'''Julian:''' Magic? No. Magic doesn't exist. My disguise is based on pure craftsmanship and skill!
:::'''Julian:''' ...Anyway, the next time we play hide-and-seek, you won't be able to find me! I am 100% sure of that!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How exactly do you disguise yourself?
::'''Julian:''' Hmm... It's a secret. I'm not going to tell you...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't you tell me? Please?
:::'''Julian:''' No! That's one of The Moles' most important secrets!
:::'''Julian:''' As the right-hand man to Boss Hook, I would never reveal such important information! You might as well give up!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Actually, Hook sent me...
:::'''Julian:''' Hook? I mean... Pitch-Dark Hook the Great! How dare you address her by just that name!
:::'''Julian:''' Hmph, I won't be fooled by that excuse! If Boss Hook wanted to know anything from me, she would ask me herself!
:::'''Julian:''' Haha, your pathetic face tells me that... I saw through your trick.
:::'''Julian:''' Good. It's better for you to not know everything.
:::'''Julian:''' If you can bring me a thousand packets of snow-white popping candy... I'll consider teaching you my disguise technique!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:;(All choices lead to the following options)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm... You win.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} All right, I give up.
::'''Julian:''' Good. It's better for you to not know everything.
::'''Julian:''' If you can bring me a thousand packets of snow-white popping candy... I'll consider teaching you my disguise technique!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm okay.
:'''Julian:''' Well, as an honorary member won, that counts as a Moles victory too... right?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherDivideEntryPage",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "2"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyperlink Match, Julian!
|zhs  = 超链接对决！尤利安
|zht  = 超連結對決！尤利安
|ja   = ハイパーリンクバトル！ジュリアン
|ko   = 하이퍼링크 대결! 줄리안
|es   = Enfrentamiento de hipervínculos: Julian
|fr   = Combat hyperlink&nbsp;: Julian&nbsp;!
|ru   = Матч! Джулиан!
|th   = ประลองไฮเปอร์ลิงก์กับ Julian!
|vi   = Quyết Đấu Siêu Liên Kết! Julian
|de   = Hyperlinkmatch, Julian!
|id   = Duel Hyperlink, Julian!
|pt   = Partida de Hyperlink, Julian!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
