<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyperlink Match, Gepard!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014127
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hyperlink Match, Gepard!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aetherium Wars
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Wen Shiling!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Julian!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Dunn!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Oleg!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gepard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = Hyperlink Match, Oleg!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hyperlink Match, Gepard!''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aetherium Wars]] event.

==Steps==
# Have a Hyperlink Match with Gepard

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Have a Hyperlink Match with Gepard{{subst:void|<!--801412701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|The core gameplay loop behind Aetherium Wars is "dueling." Challenge different players and show your true strength!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gepard)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501030001-->)
::'''Gepard:''' Welcome to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone, (Trailblazer).
::'''Gepard:''' I've instructed the soldiers to treat you hospitably, but I do have to remind you to be considerate of your actions.
::'''Gepard:''' Rules are rules &mdash; once any such acts are discovered, even I, the Captain, can't guarantee your safety.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Duly noted.
:::'''Gepard:''' I would be deeply grateful. I hope you will enjoy this trip to Belobog...
:::'''Gepard:''' Or, as you all call this world &mdash; I hope you will enjoy this trip to Jarilo-VI.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Captain's so uptight.
:::'''Gepard:''' The Supreme Guardian and her laws are akin to an iron wall around Belobog. Nothing in this place is above them.
:::'''Gepard:''' As a comrade who once fought by your side, I do not wish to see harm befall you. Which is why I hope you will reconsider my suggestion.
::'''Gepard:''' But enough of this stuffy topic. I'm about to go on a break. Do you have something else you wish to talk about?
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501030001-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501030034
}</pre>
:'''Gepard:''' A wonderful battle. I see contests in gaming also require skills and training... I admit complete defeat.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherDivideEntryPage",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "2"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyperlink Match, Gepard!
|zhs  = 超链接对决！杰帕德
|zht  = 超連結對決！傑帕德
|ja   = ハイパーリンクバトル！ジェパード
|ko   = 하이퍼링크 대결! 게파드
|es   = Enfrentamiento de hipervínculos: Gepard
|fr   = Combat hyperlink&nbsp;: Gepard&nbsp;!
|ru   = Матч! Гепард!
|th   = ประลองไฮเปอร์ลิงก์กับ Gepard!
|vi   = Quyết Đấu Siêu Liên Kết! Gepard
|de   = Hyperlinkmatch, Gepard!
|id   = Duel Hyperlink, Gepard!
|pt   = Batalha de Hyperlink, Gepard!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
