<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyperlink Match, Qingque!#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8014133
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Hyperlink Match, Qingque!.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Aetherium Wars
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Arlan!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Asta!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Diting!]]'' completed
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Hyperlink Match, Yanqing!]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Qingque; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Exalting Sanctum]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Exalting Sanctum
|prev          = Hyperlink Match, Yanqing!
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Hyperlink Match, Qingque!''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Aetherium Wars]] event.

==Steps==
# Have a Hyperlink Match with Qingque

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Have a Hyperlink Match with Qingque{{subst:void|<!--801413301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|The core gameplay loop behind Aetherium Wars is "dueling." Challenge different players and show your true strength!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingque)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502088101-->)
::'''Qingque:''' Hey, (Trailblazer), what a coincidence to run into you here!
::'''Qingque:''' ...Please, hear me out. Although I'm at a games parlor, I'm just observing the games without playing.
::'''Qingque:''' After all, I've got to go at the drop of the hat as soon as the master diviner sends me a message... I can't take the risk to actually play.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like your job has become more demanding, Qingque.
:::'''Qingque:''' The Divination Commission has become severely shorthanded since the Ambrosial Arbor started growing. Even an idle position like mine is swamped with work...This is so annoying. I have honestly no idea why I'm even so busy.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just a round of Celestial Jade. Go for it.
:::'''Qingque:''' Oh, stop that. If I sit down at the table but can only stay for one or two rounds, I'll be even more miserable than having not playing at all.
:::'''Qingque:''' I'll be staying away from the game table until the peace has been fully restored on the Luofu. If things refuse to settle down, I might consider getting an easier job that I can slack off in. However, my family might not be pleased with that... what a bother.
::{{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingque 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingque 102.ogg}} '''Qingque:''' Since I'm not playing, shall we have a chat? Not about work, of course.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502088101-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502088110
}</pre>
:'''Qingque:''' Tsk, I still think Celestial Jade is way more fun. Hey, do you think Celestial Jade would be more popular if two people could play it?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherDivideEntryPage",
	"Param": {
		"Value": "2"
	},
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyperlink Match, Qingque!
|zhs  = 超链接对决！青雀
|zht  = 超連結對決！青雀
|ja   = ハイパーリンクバトル！青雀
|ko   = 하이퍼링크 대결! 청작
|es   = Enfrentamiento de hipervínculos: Qingque
|fr   = Combat hyperlink&nbsp;: Qingque&nbsp;!
|ru   = Матч! Цинцюэ!
|th   = ประลองไฮเปอร์ลิงก์กับ Qingque!
|vi   = Quyết Đấu Siêu Liên Kết! Qingque
|de   = Hyperlinkmatch, Qingque!
|id   = Duel Hyperlink, Qingque!
|pt   = Batalha de Hyperlink, Qingque!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
