<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#I Once Was In Arcadia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2040202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission I Once Was In Arcadia.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Hero, Bear Thy Coreflame]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Furiae Archer; Mem; Oddfly; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''I Once Was In Arcadia''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Kremnos' Furiae Archer)
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 204020103-->)
----
:'''Furiae Archer:''' Ar... Arcadia... Paris...
:The Titankin can only muster fractions of words, carried on the little life force she has left.
:'''Mem:''' Friend! We have to be quick!

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Kremnos' Furiae Archer
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 204020108--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 204020118-->)
:----
::'''Furiae Archer:''' Ar... ca... Paris...
::The Titankin's words have already grown too faint to discern. Looks like you really need to get moving.
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 204020118-->)
:----
::...
::She's dead... No, perhaps death doesn't even exist for her. She has merely returned to an eternal slumber, a place untouched by romance or conflict.

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Oddfly
:'''Oddfly:''' Buzz... Buzz...
:A nymph is an unfamiliar sight to the streets of Castrum Kremnos. As you know, ruins stained with the stench of blood are not a place that the Titankin of Romance would happily visit.
:'''Oddfly:''' Buzz... I am an envoy of Romance. I respond to those that long for Romance as its disciple.
:'''Oddfly:''' Stranger, do you know who it was that summoned Mnestia to this place?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are already...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're too late...
:'''Oddfly:''' Buzz... I understand... What a terrible shame. I hope that Thanatos will allow her to join our cocoon soon.
:'''Oddfly:''' Thank you, stranger. I shall return to the cocoon!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't go...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I ask a question...?
:'''Oddfly:''' Buzz? What's wrong?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where is Arcadia?
:'''Oddfly:''' Arcadia...
:'''Oddfly:''' What's that?
:...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = I Once Was In Arcadia
|zhs  = 我曾在阿卡迪亚
|zht  = 我曾在阿卡迪亞
|ja   = かつて、アーカディアの地に
|ko   = 아르카디아에 나는 있었다
|es   = Una vez, en Arcadia...
|fr   = Un jour, en Arcadie...
|ru   = Однажды в Аркадии
|th   = ฉันเคยอยู่ที่ Arcadia
|vi   = Tôi Từng Ở Arcadia
|de   = Ich war einmal in Arcadia
|id   = Aku Pernah Berada di Arcadia
|pt   = Eu Já Estive em Arcadia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
