<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#I Once Was In Arcadia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2040201
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission I Once Was In Arcadia.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Hero, Bear Thy Coreflame]]'' completed
|summary       = The creation of fury with her arrows ensnared by golden threads. Only Thanatos knows whether she ultimately broke free from those bindings. She was deceived by a romantic lie, and the one who deceived her was also the deceived.
|characters    = Aglaea; Ctesiphona; Demetria; Distant Calling; Dromas "Herakles"; Furiae Archer; Furiae Guard; Furiae Philosopher on Watch; Furiae Warrior on Watch; Guard Camilla; Iason; Mem; Paris; Silver-tongued Man; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*450; Stellar Jade*50; Traveler's Guide*6; Refined Aether*6; Lost Crystal*6; Celestial Ambrosia*200; Credit*90,000
}}
'''''I Once Was In Arcadia''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Check what happened at the Okhema city gate
# Ask Iason what is going on
# Find the Furiae Archer
# Go to Marmoreal Market and ask about "Paris" and "Arcadia"
# Ask Demetria at the fruit shop
# Ask Ctesiphona at the bookstore
# Ask Aphrea and Aglaea at the tailor's shop
# Speak with the Furiae Archer
# Investigate Castrum Kremnos' extent of preparations
# Investigate the "Divinity" mechanism
# Activate the first Divinity device statue
# Activate the second Divinity device statue
# Activate the third Divinity device statue
# Activate the fourth Divinity device statue
# Enter the prison cell
# Go after Paris and Furiae Archer that escaped
# Return to Okhema with Paris
# Speak with the Furiae Archer
# Take the golden thread back to Okhema
# Give the golden thread to Iason and Aglaea
# Investigate Castrum Kremnos' extent of preparations

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Check what happened at the Okhema city gate{{subst:void|<!--204020101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|Though the Strife Titan has fallen, the repercussions of war have yet to fully disappear &mdash; the commotion outside the city gates makes this perfectly clear. As a hero from beyond the sky, perhaps you may wish to continue your battle to eradicate all strife...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Iason)
:'''Furiae Archer:''' Pa... Paris...
:'''Iason:''' I&mdash;I don't know any Paris! Don't hurt me or Herakles!
:'''Dromas "Herakles":''' Roar! Roaaaar!
:'''Guard Camilla:''' Stay back! Foul remnant of {{Rubi|the Mad King|Nikador}}. You are not permitted any further!
:'''Furiae Archer:''' Kill...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You will kill nobody!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The baseballer is here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Out of the way!
:'''Guard Camilla:''' Who are you? This place is dangerous. Get out of here at once!
:'''Iason:''' Wait, I think {{MC|f=she|m=he}} was the hero that hunted down the Mad King with the Chrysos Heirs!
:'''Guard Camilla:''' What? Perfect! Please, come and help us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can count on me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there a reward?
::'''Guard Camilla:''' Uh... Are you sure {{MC|f=she|m=he}}'s a hero?
::'''Iason:''' Jeez, you will be rewarded! I am the leader of a merchant caravan, and I have all the rewards you could need!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like I have no choice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Beg me.
::'''Guard Camilla:''' Huh? What are you saying?
::'''Iason:''' I'm begging you. Please do something!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like I have no choice.

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{376})

{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Iason what is going on{{subst:void|<!--204020102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Though the Strife Titan has fallen, the repercussions of war have yet to fully disappear &mdash; the commotion outside the city gates makes this perfectly clear. As a hero from beyond the sky, perhaps you may wish to continue your battle to eradicate all strife...<br />All strife will be brought to justice under the swift hand of the Galactic Baseballer! Though you have driven away the troublesome Strife Titan, something must have happened here... Go and ask the poor people you rescued for more information.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Iason)
:'''Iason:''' These Titankin are gathered in {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Castrum Kremnos}}. Only a hero such as yourself knows where they are.
:'''Guard Camilla:''' Hero, please be careful.

;(Talk to Camilla)
:'''Iason:''' These Titankin are gathered in {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Castrum Kremnos}}. Only a hero such as yourself knows where they are.
:'''Guard Camilla:''' Hero, please be careful.
----
:{{tx}}
:'''Furiae Archer:''' {{Rubi|''Hinas''|Titan curses}}...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't beat me, so you resort to foul language?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have some class and be a civilized Titankin.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} *Nameless curses*!
:Faced with an unstoppable power, the injured Titankin turns and flees, slipping into the Evernight Veil outside the city.
:Its staggering and broken form is so pathetic that you lose all urge to chase it down for a victorious counterattack. So, you simply watch as her shadow disappears into the border where the light vanishes altogether.
:'''Guard Camilla:''' The fact that the Lance of Fury underlings would be so cowardly as to flee in defeat. Pathetic... Thank you for saving us, hero. We would not have made it out of here alive without you.
:'''Guard Camilla:''' Ever since the fall of the savage god, this Titankin has been roaming the surrounding area, attacking guards and passing trade caravans. This time, it was Iason, leader of the Argo Caravan, who fell victim.
:'''Iason:''' That's right. Fortunately, you and Captain Camilla took action in time! If I were sent to meet Thanatos, no one would be left to support the city's merchants or dromases!
:'''Dromas "Herakles":''' Groan...
:'''Iason:''' It's okay, Herakles... Ah, though I've been spared my life, she did get away with my little treasure...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's a treasure? Why didn't you say sooner!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't see any rare loot just now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I knew this mission wouldn't just end like that.
:'''Iason:''' This is no mere ordinary object. It's a divine object of {{Rubi|Mnestia|Romance Titan}}. It is the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Golden Thread of Rebirth}} that she weaved herself!
:'''Iason:''' You must have heard this story? During the Era Creatura, Mnestia wove together the love of the world and their own cocoon to create silk as a gift to {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}.
:'''Iason:''' Lady Aglaea sent me on an assignment to retrieve the miracles of the Titans. I worked myself to the bone to purchase this object from a group of nomadic thieves. Now, it's been snatched from my hands by the enemy right before I arrived back at the city... Such a shame...
:Iason drops his head with a sigh, his face painted with regret. It seems he is stuck between the sadness of having lost the precious item and the guilt of disappointing Aglaea... However, you sense his gaze darting between the ground's surface and your body.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand. I'll do it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You could just ask me for help.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a shame. Bye bye!
::'''Iason:''' W-Wait! Hero! This treasure is truly extremely precious, and you have to help me! Count it as a favor to Lady Aglaea!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just say that next time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll help if I get time.
:'''Iason:''' That's wonderful. Thank you, hero! Thank you, hero!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the Furiae Archer{{subst:void|<!--204020103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos|update|Survival, fortune, faith, honor, things they want to protect... Every warrior has a reason to fight to the death, and the Titankin that live for battle are no exception. Why would this enemy initiate a conflict against a city that they have no hope of defeating?<br />The Furiae Archer escaped with the caravan's goods. Go to Castrum Kremnos to find her, retrieve the stolen treasures, and maybe you will receive an answer to your questions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Kremnos' Furiae Archer)
:After their ferocious battle with you, the Titankin from before seem to have lost their previous murderous intent.
:It's at this moment that you realize just how ancient its stone-cast body is. It's just as old and derelict as the walls of Castrum Kremnos under the curtain of night.
:'''Furiae Archer:''' Pa... ris...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hand over the golden thread!
::'''Furiae Archer:''' The golden thread... Paris'... It was stolen...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is this "Paris"?
::'''Furiae Archer:''' The golden thread... Paris'... It was stolen...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. I'm Paris!
::'''Furiae Archer:''' ...No... You are not him...
::'''Furiae Archer:''' The golden thread... Paris'... It was stolen...
:'''Mem:''' Huh? Are you saying this belongs to you?
:'''Furiae Archer:''' It's... Paris...
:'''Mem:''' Looks like she won't hand over the treasure unless I find this "Paris" person... Where could he be?
:'''Furiae Archer:''' He went... To Arcadia...
:'''Mem:''' Alright! Off we go! To Arcadia to find... Wait &mdash; where is Arcadia?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not on the map.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We didn't unlock that teleport anchor.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Want to give me a mission guide?
:'''Furiae Archer:''' Pa... Paris...
:The Titankin's voice is growing ever weaker. It seems she no longer has the mental capacity to answer your questions, only to silently repeat that stranger's name to herself.
:'''Mem:''' Well now we're stuck! We don't know this person, or this place!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We'll go back to the past!
::'''Mem:''' Go back to her past to find clues? That's a great idea!
::Clockwork, activate...
::'''Mem:''' Clockwork... What is that? I can't do that!
::'''Mem:''' But, if we go back to her past... Maybe we can find some clues...
::Can't we just steal it from her now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Clockwork, activate...
::'''Mem:''' Clockwork... What is that? I can't do that!
::'''Mem:''' But, if we go back to her past... Maybe we can find some clues...
::Can't we just steal it from her now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't we just steal it from her now?
:'''Mem:''' Don't take advantage of those in need! Plus, I can sense that she isn't lying. Let's find out what's going on first and then go from there.
:'''Mem:''' But, if we go back to her past... Maybe we can find some clues...
:'''Mem:''' But, this statue lady's memory is too blurry. We need to find other fragments of it if we want to see into her past. Partner, let's go to Marmoreal Market and collect some memories related to "Paris" and "Arcadia"!
:{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})

{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Marmoreal Market and ask about "Paris" and "Arcadia"{{subst:void|<!--204020104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Survival, fortune, faith, honor, things they want to protect... Every warrior has a reason to fight to the death, and the Titankin that live for battle are no exception. Why would this enemy initiate a conflict against a city that they have no hope of defeating?<br />You hear two unfamiliar names from the mouth of this supposedly crazed warrior. Though finding the truth behind these names has nothing to do with your objective of finding the golden thread, it is also the duty of a Nameless to explore the unknown... At least it would be more interesting than finishing her off with a single blow. You didn't just take this job to get into fights after all, right?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})

{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Demetria at the fruit shop{{subst:void|<!--204020105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_240200411)
:'''Mem:''' Looks like she didn't have anything useful to offer. Let's go and ask another store owner...
::{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:{{tx}}
::'''Demetria:''' Hello, young friend! Are you here to buy fruits? These are all in fresh from the "garden," and they're fresh as can be!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask you some questions.
::'''Demetria:''' Questions? Haha, no one has come to me seeking enlightenment since I left the Garden of Wisdom. Please, ask away.
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know Paris?
:::'''Demetria:''' Paris? I have never heard that name before.
:::{{tx}}
:::<!--1-second delay-->
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you heard of Arcadia?
:::'''Demetria:''' Arcadia? Is that a fruit? Sorry, young one, I don't sell Arcadia here.
:::{{tx}}
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::<!--1-second delay-->
::;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Ctesiphona at the bookstore{{subst:void|<!--204020106-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_240200522)
:'''Mem:''' I didn't realize Arcadia was such an amazing place! Although, descriptions in stories probably still aren't enough, and we still know nothing about Paris... Let's go and find someone else to ask.
::{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:'''Ctesiphona:''' Praise Cerces! May you assist the people of this holy city in understanding the charm of my works...
::'''Ctesiphona:''' Ah, a customer! I was just praying to Cerces to gift intelligence to my fellow citizens. Is there a book you are after?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask you some questions.
::'''Ctesiphona:''' Of course! Imparting knowledge is the very mission entrusted to my family by Cerces! I will share any knowledge I have!
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know Paris?
:::'''Ctesiphona:''' Paris... Paris... I've never heard that name? Wait!
:::{{tx}}
:::<!--1-second delay-->
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you heard of Arcadia?
:::'''Ctesiphona:''' Arcadia? Dear customer, I see you must be a most experienced reader. Arcadia is a common setting people love to use in ancient adventure stories... It's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|the Golden Land under the protection of Mnestia}}!
:::'''Ctesiphona:''' It's a paradise for poets, artists, and those in search of romance. The main characters in these stories would meet their true love here and receive Mnestia's blessing... This is all recorded in the classic work ''Secret of the Golden Carpet.''
:::'''Ctesiphona:''' Speaking of the ''Secret of the Golden Carpet'', that story of a prince eloping with the princess of an enemy state is truly a masterpiece...
:::Ctesiphona begins to endlessly talk about the story to you. If you don't get back to the matter at hand, she may end up recounting the entire epic.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do we get to Arcadia?
::::'''Ctesiphona:''' As for its location, every story says something different. Some say that it is at the center of Amphoreus. Some say it is in the ocean depths of Phagousa... Some even say that it is on the back of a flock of butterflies, floating high in the skies.
::::{{tx}}
::::<!--1-second delay-->
::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Drop the GPS location!
::::'''Ctesiphona:''' GPS... Oh, you mean the "Stone Mirror of Revelation." I cannot help you there, I'm afraid.
::::Does Okhema have travel tours?
::::'''Ctesiphona:''' Travel... I have only encountered that word in historical texts. There is no travel in this era, with the black tide and Titankin running rampant. We have only adventurers and merchants who roam the land at the risk of their own lives.
::::'''Ctesiphona:''' As for its location, every story says something different. Some say that it is at the center of Amphoreus. Some say it is in the ocean depths of Phagousa... Some even say that it is on the back of a flock of butterflies, floating high in the skies.
::::{{tx}}
::::<!--1-second delay-->
::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does Okhema have travel tours?
::::'''Ctesiphona:''' Travel... I have only encountered that word in historical texts. There is no travel in this era, with the black tide and Titankin running rampant. We have only adventurers and merchants who roam the land at the risk of their own lives.
::::'''Ctesiphona:''' As for its location, every story says something different. Some say that it is at the center of Amphoreus. Some say it is in the ocean depths of Phagousa... Some even say that it is on the back of a flock of butterflies, floating high in the skies.
::::{{tx}}
::::<!--1-second delay-->
::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Aphrea and Aglaea at the tailor's shop{{subst:void|<!--204020107-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_240200621)
:'''Distant Calling:''' Lady Aglaea! Lady Aglaea!
::{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know Paris?
:::'''Aglaea:''' Paris? There is indeed no citizen of Okhema by this name. I imagine they are a member of the garrison.
:::{{tx}}
:::<!--1-second delay-->
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you heard of Arcadia?
:::'''Aglaea:''' Arcadia... Now that is a name that stirs memories.
:::{{tx}}
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::<!--1-second delay-->
::;(Return to previous option selection)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the Furiae Archer{{subst:void|<!--204020108-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Kremnos' Furiae Archer
:'''Furiae Archer:''' Ar... ca... dia...
:In the time that you were gone, it seems that the Titankin has become even more desperate than before. You can sense from her voice that her vitality is slowly fading...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She doesn't look too good...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can we save her?
::'''Mem:''' I don't know how to repair Titankin. She can't go anywhere else in this state, either...
::Can she take consumables?
::'''Mem:''' Uhh... I don't even know where her mouth would be.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can she take consumables?
::'''Mem:''' Uhh... I don't even know where her mouth would be.
:'''Mem:''' All we can do for now is try to understand what she wants and help her meet the person she longs for.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate Castrum Kremnos' extent of preparations{{subst:void|<!--204020110-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos|update|With Mem's help, you successfully enter the Titankin's memories. This is a past that belongs solely to her. It is also an unchangeable fate that you will only be able to witness.<br />In this past version of Castrum Kremnos, the master of this memory is nowhere to be seen... Looks like you have another explosive jailbreak battle ahead of you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_5)
:'''Furiae Warrior on Watch:''' Brother, do you know why we must imprison our own kind alongside enemy soldiers?
::'''Furiae Philosopher on Watch:''' I don't want to sit and answer your brainless questions. Obviously it's because she was defeated in battle. That is more shameful than an enemy soldier that battled victoriously.
::'''Furiae Warrior on Watch:''' Does that mean, brother... That if we are defeated in battle, we will suffer the spear of Castrum Kremnos, too?
::'''Furiae Philosopher on Watch:''' What are you so worried about? We're backline forces, and the frontline is always going to be the scapegoat... Wait, someone is listening.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to see someone.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I came to break someone out.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here for a fight.
::'''Furiae Warrior on Watch:''' Intruder! Brother, we have to stop them!
::'''Furiae Philosopher on Watch:''' Wait. There's something not quite right about them...
::Perhaps they carry the blood of Nikador? The Furiae Philosopher keenly senses the aura of strength emanating from your body... They have no idea that their god will be slain by you in the future!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you seen sense?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will destroy you both.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fight.
::'''Furiae Philosopher on Watch:''' Wait! I don't think just us two can stop them. Why don't we just pretend we never saw them...
::{{tx}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_4)


;(Talk to Titankin Sculpture)
----
:This statue strikes a bodybuilding pose, obstructing your Trailblaze path.
:You can't help but wish no such heavy burdens were weighing you down in life.

{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the "Divinity" mechanism{{subst:void|<!--204020111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos|update|With Mem's help, you successfully enter the Titankin's memories. This is a past that belongs solely to her. It is also an unchangeable fate that you will only be able to witness.<br />Why would the people of Castrum Kremnos place mechanisms that can open the prison doors placed all around the cells? Are they showing respect for those who would perform a jailbreak? Or has fighting every day taken its toll on their brain power?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Mem:''' Ugh, what's obstructing the entrance...
:A statue of the Strife Titankin presses against the cell door...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it possible to move it?
::Unleash the spiraling Trailblaze Power! You ignite the energy within, channeling it through your arms, gathering strength enough to move mountains and rivers...
::...
::It hasn't budged. It seems like you will need more practice.
::Smash it!
::Unleash a million horsepower worth of Trailblaze Power! You swing your ball bat and strike the statue's head with all your might &mdash;
::...
::It is indestructible. Not even a dent appears on its Toughness bar.
::Mem, hurry and think of a way!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Smash it!
::Unleash a million horsepower worth of Trailblaze Power! You swing your ball bat and strike the statue's head with all your might &mdash;
::...
::It is indestructible. Not even a dent appears on its Toughness bar.
::Mem, hurry and think of a way!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mem, hurry and think of a way!
:'''Mem:''' You're hopeless... I remember that the soldiers here rely on the "divinity" within the shrine to function, but it seems none of the statues storing divinity are activated...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Activate the first Divinity device statue{{subst:void|<!--204020126-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Activate the second Divinity device statue{{subst:void|<!--204020127-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Activate the third Divinity device statue{{subst:void|<!--204020128-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Activate the fourth Divinity device statue{{subst:void|<!--204020129-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByComparePropState","TargetType":{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvProp","MultiGroupFetch":[{"GroupID":{"FixedValue":{"Value":248}},"ID":{"FixedValue":{"Value":300002}}}]},"State":"Open"}-->}})
::'''Mem:''' There seems to be something missing from this device. It looks like I'll need to find Zagreus...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Enter the prison cell{{subst:void|<!--204020130-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:'''Silver-tongued Man:''' Hehe. They all say that Castrum Kremnos is a rough and boorish land, but I see that is not the case... Not only did they bring a friend for us prisoners of war, this friend happens to be a beautiful young girl!
::'''Furiae Archer:''' ...I am not a friend. I am merely a failure that must swim the River of Souls alongside you as I was unable to send your entire army to its depths. Nor am I a young girl. My armor was simply cast in the shape of a girl.
::'''Silver-tongued Man:''' Great Mnestia, this statue combines the fine physique of a woman with the finesse of sculpture. Your unyielding and tenacious beauty is reflected in your face. If you ask me, you are the most beautiful girl in this city.
::'''Furiae Archer:''' ...Sharp-tongued thieves, scoundrels, and failed bandits should not seek to insult a warrior of Castrum Kremnos with their wild ravings.
::'''Paris:''' You have so many nicknames for me, miss. But I would prefer you to call me by my name: {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Paris}}.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Paris...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So this is the guy...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} His lines are pretty cringy...
::'''Paris:''' Wait, who said that?
::'''Furiae Archer:''' Someone has broken in... You do not wear the armor of a Castrum Kremnos soldier. Who are you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I came to rescue you two.
:::'''Paris:''' Oh felicitations! You opened the door that not even Janus would! You are greater than Janus themselves!
:::I'm here to watch the show.
:::'''Paris:''' My friend, by show... you do not mean the performance of our execution, do you? That would be a terrible display. Release me and I will take you to a real show in the holy city!
:::I am the Galactic Baseballer!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to watch the show.
:::'''Paris:''' My friend, by show... you do not mean the performance of our execution, do you? That would be a terrible display. Release me and I will take you to a real show in the holy city!
:::I am the Galactic Baseballer!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am the Galactic Baseballer!
::'''Furiae Archer:''' ...What the heck?
::'''Paris:''' Oh! I know! Great heroes love to give themselves all sorts of titles... You must be a hero out on a great adventure, too? Quick, you must save us!
::'''Furiae Archer:''' You dishonorable coward. If you wish to escape, do it alone.
::'''Paris:''' What? Have you battled so much that your brain got knocked silly? ...If you have a brain in there, that is.
::'''Paris:''' Have you not heard that they plan to make us sacrifices? To dice our bodies and cast them into the soul-melting golden blood to quell the rage of Nikador?
::'''Furiae Archer:''' So what? As a creation of Nikador, defeat is the greatest blasphemy against my father. It is only natural that I should cast my body into the waves of death to apologize for my failure.
::'''Paris:''' Are you serious? If they are the type to be appeased by seeing others diced and cast into a pot, would that not make them the Titan of cooking!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nikador raw pickles!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Kremnos' famous hotpot!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lance of Fury skewers!
::'''Mem:''' Hm, that actually sounds good?
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go after Paris and Furiae Archer that escaped{{subst:void|<!--204020113-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos|update|With Mem's help, you successfully enter the Titankin's memories. This is a past that belongs solely to her. It is also an unchangeable fate that you will only be able to witness.<br />You rescue the Furiae Archer and this "Paris" that she had mentioned so many times... A glib and cheesy young man. He's fortunate that Amphoreus is a closed-off world. If anyone outside of Amphoreus heard him speak like that, there's no doubt he'd be trolled brutally on the Interastral Peace Network.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:...

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_LocalGroup2)
:'''Furiae Guard:''' Shameless cowards, useless failures. In the name of Nikador, I will not allow you to step one foot outside Castrum Kremnos!
::'''Paris:''' Oh crap, oh crap. My friend, what do we do?
::'''Furiae Guard:''' You're still trying to escape...? I see. It seems that only when a sacrifice's limbs have all been sliced off clean that these cowards will finally accept their fate.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I cannot accept any of that.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not if I slice yours off first.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's pushing the family-friendly rating a bit too far.
::'''Paris:''' That's the spirit! That is not the tongue of a mere citizen! Take them out for us, hero!
::{{tx}}
:;(Enter battle)
::{{Enemy List|Furiae Archer*2; Furiae Philosopher*1; Furiae Warrior*1}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterArea_LocalGroup1)

----
:{{tx}}
:'''Mem:''' Hmph. Isn't my partner amazing? You can say it... Wait, where did they go?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like they already ran off.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They really are deserters.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Talk about bailing.
:'''Mem:''' This Paris guy knows nothing about loyalty! We still didn't get to ask him anything about Arcadia!
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 40404001
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to Okhema with Paris{{subst:void|<!--204020117-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mem)
:'''Mem:''' Partner, let's keep exploring the past! The statue lady and Iason are still waiting for us!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, let's go.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 40404001
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} One sec.
::'''Mem:''' Okay. Be quick!

{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the Furiae Archer{{subst:void|<!--204020118-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos|update|Having witnessed the Furiae Archer's memories, how would you describe this story? A tragedy? A misunderstanding? A lie? And the emotion in her voice when she pronounces those two names... Is it love? Hatred? Or simply confusion?<br />Having explored this story to its end, you still cannot find an answer for yourself.<br />If the flowers on the body that he so loves were to wither, he would sprout wings and fly away. It does not matter what sweet words he'd said before, or how deep a promise he had made.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Kremnos' Furiae Archer
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take the golden thread back to Okhema{{subst:void|<!--204020119-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Mem:''' Statue lady... Your memory... We will never forget it...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the golden thread to Iason and Aglaea{{subst:void|<!--204020121-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Eternal Holy City" Okhema|update|Having witnessed the Furiae Archer's memories, how would you describe this story? A tragedy? A misunderstanding? A lie? And the emotion in her voice when she pronounces those two names... Is it love? Hatred? Or simply confusion?<br />Having explored this story to its end, you still cannot find an answer for yourself.<br />Love will not grace the unflowering and the withered... Be it a body or a soul, or anything else for that matter.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:'''Iason:''' Lady Aglaea, please wait a moment. The hero from afar has already set forth...
::'''Iason:''' Ah, they have returned already! Hero, did you recover the treasure?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This treasure truly is precious.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope you will keep it safe, Lady Aglaea...
::'''Aglaea:''' Thank you for your hard work, dear guest. I had never expected that this task would have fallen to you.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate Castrum Kremnos' extent of preparations{{subst:void|<!--204020109-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location="Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos|update|With Mem's help, you successfully enter the Titankin's memories. This is a past that belongs solely to her. It is also an unchangeable fate that you will only be able to witness.<br />In this past version of Castrum Kremnos, the master of this memory is nowhere to be seen... Looks like you have another explosive jailbreak battle ahead of you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = I Once Was In Arcadia
|zhs  = 我曾在阿卡迪亚
|zht  = 我曾在阿卡迪亞
|ja   = かつて、アーカディアの地に
|ko   = 아르카디아에 나는 있었다
|es   = Una vez, en Arcadia...
|fr   = Un jour, en Arcadie...
|ru   = Однажды в Аркадии
|th   = ฉันเคยอยู่ที่ Arcadia
|vi   = Tôi Từng Ở Arcadia
|de   = Ich war einmal in Arcadia
|id   = Aku Pernah Berada di Arcadia
|pt   = Eu Já Estive em Arcadia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
