<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025228
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Virtual Skott
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Skysplitter]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Skysplitter
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Complete Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I{{subst:void|<!--802522802-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|Complete Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{tx}}
:'''Virtual Skott:''' Top dog (Trailblazer), here to play the goods stacking game? Come in, the game entrance is right inside, top dog.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Skott also gave you his image rights?
::'''Virtual Skott:''' That is correct, top dog.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did he even give you his image rights?
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Of course he did!
:'''Virtual Skott:''' Skott is actually fairly easy to negotiate with &mdash; he'll do anything for the right price, top dog.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I still prefer that curt demeanor of yours.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You end every sentence with "top dog"?
:'''Virtual Skott:''' Understood, top dog. You dislike my current conversational format. Allow me to restore myself then, top dog.
:'''Virtual Skott:''' Why're you here to stack goods again? What, didn't tire of running errands at Aurum Alley, itching for more sweaty labor at the temple fair?
:'''Virtual Skott:''' If you've got value to spare, why not let me squeeze the rest out of you. Don't waste your time on this trash game.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's my Skott!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Err... Perhaps a little too intense?
:'''Virtual Skott:''' Doesn't matter. I'm a virtual NPC in this Empathic Immersia. I'm still at your beck and call regardless of my attitude. This whole affair is so annoying!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me a joke then.
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Tsk! Fine! I'm only gonna do one, and just one!
::'''Virtual Skott:''' One day, the teacher asked Blanca, Scarlett, and Vernon a question: "Bring the biggest thing in your house to school."
::'''Virtual Skott:''' The next day, Blanca brought her fridge to school, and boy it was a big one. Scarlett drove her dad's truck to school, and it was definitely bigger than Blanca's fridge.
::'''Virtual Skott:''' All eyes were on Vernon at this point. His hands were empty. So the teacher asked: "Vernon, what have you brought?"
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Vernon smiled, and said...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me a horror story then.
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Tsk! Fine! This story of mine'll scare the color off of your skin, so watch out!
::'''Virtual Skott:''' In the deep night, Scarlett and Vernon were going home together. When they walked into a deserted narrow alley, Vernon suddenly yelped in surprise, dragging Scarlett with him out of the alley.
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Pulling on Scarlett's hand, Vernon ran for a long time before stopping. His whole body was shivering, and he was at a loss for words.
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Terrified, Scarlett asked: "What happened back there?"
::'''Virtual Skott:''' Vernon pointed to that narrow alley they just ran past, and in a quivering tone, he said...
:'''Virtual Skott:''' Ah, we've exceeded 800 words! This chat will end now. Go stack your goods, goodbye.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Inventory Arrangement Easy Mode I
|zhs  = 「码放货物」简单模式I
|zht  = 「堆放貨物」簡單模式I
|ja   = 「貨物整理」難易度・簡単I
|ko   = 「화물 적재」 쉬움 모드 I
|es   = Cargamento de mercancía: modo fácil&nbsp;I
|fr   = Mode facile I de Gestion du chargement
|ru   = Погрузка товара - Простой режим I
|th   = โหลดสินค้าโหมดง่าย I
|vi   = "Sắp Xếp Hàng Hóa" Chế Độ Dễ I
|de   = Lagerverwaltung – Leichter Modus I
|id   = "Penataan Barang" Mode Gampang I
|pt   = Organização de Inventário - Modo Fácil I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
