<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#It All Started With a Man and a Dog (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4070012
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission It All Started With a Man and a Dog (II).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Peppy; Ruan Mei's Creation; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''It All Started With a Man and a Dog (II)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to and follow Peppy
# Search for the lost Curio and gather information about the butler
# (Optional) Find Ruan Mei's creation that is asking for help
# Search for the lost Curio and gather information about the butler

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to and follow Peppy{{subst:void|<!--407001201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|Peppy has found clues about the lost Curio. You decide to follow it and continue your search.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ByCompareFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "IsBattleBegin"
	},
	"CompareType": "Equal",
	"CompareValue": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 0
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 0.5
}</pre>
----
:'''Peppy:''' Woof woof!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why'd you yell for me?
:The puppy nudges your hand with its fluffed head. You instinctively press the beacon button on its back.
:'''Peppy:''' (There is more than one Joy Filtration Set lost. As for the other set's whereabouts... I've found a clue.)
:'''Peppy:''' (Peppy and (Trailblazer) are the world's best detective duo! You'll help Peppy, right?)
:The puppy's sloppy tongue licks your hand, but seeing that you are unmoved, bites down on your glove and refuses to let go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine, I'll play along.
::Peppy flashes a splendid smile at you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course, we're the world's best!
::Peppy smiles at you, its tail wagging more profusely than before with happiness.
:'''Peppy:''' (Let's go!)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 0.5
}</pre>
----
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' Thank you for saving me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What was taken should be returned now.
::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' You mean, that strange can?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hand over the Curio you stole as compensation.
::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' What is a Curio?
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' Oh, you guys are talking about that dusty gray can of mine?
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' I've seen it before, but I didn't steal it. I don't even have the right to touch it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you mean?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If it wasn't you, then who stole it?
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' It was the butler.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's the butler?
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' I saw it playing with that "can." It was fiercely protective with it too, and it wouldn't let me even glance at it.
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' That guy is a big fat liar. It said it was Ruan Mei's assistant, and that Ruan Mei dispatched it here to manage everyone.
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' My buddies and I were banished here because we doubted it... Such a shame that everyone else believed its lies.
:'''Peppy:''' (We have to find the butler and retrieve the Curio...)
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' You're looking for it? That's gonna be hard, I'm afraid. It controls access to and from the room, and it won't let you in.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you know about the butler?
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' That's all I know. But, my buddies have also interacted with it.
:'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' It's a pity we all got scattered, or... You could go look for them &mdash; they might know something.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search for the lost Curio and gather information about the butler{{subst:void|<!--407001203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|The lost Curio is currently held by a creation known as "butler." Who is this butler? And where can they be found? Despite lacking any information, you might uncover new leads by locating the lost Curio...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Find Ruan Mei's creation that is asking for help{{subst:void|<!--407001206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|You hear a nearby distress call. It seems that more than one Ruan Mei's creation is wandering in this section. If possible, it's better to go and help them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Search for the lost Curio and gather information about the butler{{subst:void|<!--407001208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|The lost Curio is currently held by a creation known as "butler." Who is this butler? And where can they be found? Despite lacking any information, you might uncover new leads by locating the lost Curio...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 0.5
}</pre>
----
:'''Peppy:''' ((Trailblazer), regarding the butler situation, what do you think about all this?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have no idea.
:'''Peppy:''' (...Ah, should we return and ask Miss Asta, woof?)
:'''Peppy:''' (Sniff sniff...)
:'''Peppy:''' (That guy can't be in this zone. I have to go back and find out where he is.)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then let's go!
:'''Peppy:''' (Let's wait until I report to Miss Asta. Also, the locking and repairing of the zone will take some time.)
:'''Peppy:''' (It's all thanks to you today, (Trailblazer). You are Peppy's most reliable partner!)
:'''Peppy:''' (I will desynchronize now! You can go back and rest well! I will holler if I have any news!)
:'''Peppy:''' Woof woof!
:{{Black Screen|Peppy desynchronized.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayerRemoteControlOtherEntity",
	"SpecialNPCID": 16001,
	"IsCancel": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = It All Started With a Man and a Dog (II)
|zhs  = 开局一人一狗•其二
|zht  = 開局一人一狗•其二
|ja   = スタートは一人と犬一匹・その2
|ko   = 시작은 한 사람과 개 한 마리•2
|es   = Al inicio solo había una persona y un perro&nbsp;II
|fr   = Tout commence avec un homme et un chien&nbsp;(II)
|ru   = Человек собаке друг II
|th   = เริ่มด้วยคนหนึ่งคนและสุนัขหนึ่งตัว 2
|vi   = Hành Trình Một Người Một Chó 2
|de   = Es war einmal ein Mensch und ein Hund (Teil 2)
|id   = Meitantei Peppy II
|pt   = A História Começa Com um Homem e um Cachorro (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
