<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#It All Started With a Man and a Dog (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4070011
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission It All Started With a Man and a Dog (I).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Peppy; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Storage Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Storage Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''It All Started With a Man and a Dog (I)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Peppy
# Follow Peppy and keep moving
# Control Peppy to search for clues about Curios
# (Optional) Find Ruan Mei's creation that is asking for help
# Control Peppy to search for clues about Curios

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Peppy{{subst:void|<!--407001101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|Peppy's coordinates indicate that it is stuck in the current area. Not knowing what is happening, Asta asks you to meet up with Peppy.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Peppy and keep moving{{subst:void|<!--407001102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|Thanks to your help, Peppy is out of danger. You have decided to follow its lead and explore the area together...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
----
:'''Peppy:''' Woof woof? Woof woof woof!
:Peppy indicates for you to touch somewhere on its backpack. You press a button...
:You hear a faint electronic voice: The Synesthesia Beacon has been activated.
:'''Peppy:''' (Woof, can you hear me? Woof?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're... talking!
::'''Peppy:''' (Is that not normal?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Am I hearing things?
::'''Peppy:''' (Stop being stupid. Peppy is talking to you!)
:After activating the beacon, you realize that this could be the "surprise" that Asta mentioned.
:'''Peppy:''' (Stop gawking!)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what are you doing here?
::'''Peppy:''' (Brave Peppy is hot on the trail!)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Asta is really worried about you...
::'''Peppy:''' (Peppy knows, and that's why Peppy is investigating hard, to reduce the burden on Miss Asta!)
:'''Peppy:''' (There's some problem with the signal &mdash; I can't contact Miss Asta.)
:'''Peppy:''' (I smelled something strange that had the lingering whiff of the Joy Filtration Set. I didn't want to tip anybody off, so I decided to stay guard here.)
:'''Peppy:''' (I'll lead the way. Let's go!)
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Control Peppy to search for clues about Curios{{subst:void|<!--407001103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|Asta has developed an incredible synchronization feature for Peppy... Now you and Peppy can venture out in a new form and continue to track down the lost Curio.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}



;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByLocalPlayerIsFakeAvatar"}-->}})
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayerRemoteControlOtherEntity",
	"SpecialNPCID": 16001,
	"ForcePositionAndRotation": true,
	"LevelAreaKey": {
		"Custom": true,
		"Key": "Anchor1"
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetHudTemplate",
	"TemplateID": 1014,
	"EnableTemplate": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Find Ruan Mei's creation that is asking for help{{subst:void|<!--407001107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|You hear a nearby distress call. It seems that more than one Ruan Mei's creation is wandering in this section. If possible, it's better to go and help them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Control Peppy to search for clues about Curios{{subst:void|<!--407001106-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|Asta has developed an incredible synchronization feature for Peppy... Now you and Peppy can venture out in a new form and continue to track down the lost Curio.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
----
:'''Peppy:''' (Woof?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you want to go on?
:'''Peppy:''' (Let me ask Miss Asta about her opinion. I have to go back and inform her.)
:'''Peppy:''' (The Curio has been eaten, and this is big news... I have to report this to Miss Asta.)
:'''Peppy:''' (The investigation of the Curio has come to an end. What do you plan to do next?)
:'''Peppy:''' (There is something wrong with the facilities in this zone. I am worried that something might happen... Come! Let me bring you back.)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go.
:'''Peppy:''' (Detective Peppy &mdash; hold on! Almost forgot to desynchronize!)
:'''Peppy:''' Woof woof!
:{{Black Screen|Peppy desynchronized.}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayerRemoteControlOtherEntity",
	"SpecialNPCID": 16001,
	"IsCancel": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = It All Started With a Man and a Dog (I)
|zhs  = 开局一人一狗•其一
|zht  = 開局一人一狗•其一
|ja   = スタートは一人と犬一匹・その1
|ko   = 시작은 한 사람과 개 한 마리•1
|es   = Al inicio solo había una persona y un perro&nbsp;I
|fr   = Tout commence avec un homme et un chien&nbsp;(I)
|ru   = Человек собаке друг I
|th   = เริ่มด้วยคนหนึ่งคนและสุนัขหนึ่งตัว 1
|vi   = Hành Trình Một Người Một Chó 1
|de   = Es war einmal ein Mensch und ein Hund (Teil 1)
|id   = Meitantei Peppy I
|pt   = A História Começa Com um Homem e um Cachorro (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
