<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Legend of Galactic Baseballer (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8022201
|title         = "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer"
|image         = <!--Mission The Legend of Galactic Baseballer (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Departure
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Tales from the Golden Age]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Giovanni; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Golden Hour]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Golden Hour
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''"Legend of the Galactic Baseballer"''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Departure]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Golden Hour Designer Shop
# Test play "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer" and finish the first adventure

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to the Golden Hour Designer Shop{{subst:void|<!--802220101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|Giovanni has invited you to the Golden Hour. He seems to need your help with something... Just what might that be?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Giovanni)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 801410106-->)
:::{{tx}}
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a screwed-up twist of fate...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do I see you everywhere?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Long time no see, Mr. Giovanni.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, wherever there is laughter, there {{Rubi|I|Fools}} will be. Besides, I invested in a project here in Penacony, so I wanted to check in on how it was doing.
:::'''Giovanni:''' ...A brand-new game, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer''}}! How about it, are you keen?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me more details.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds kinda sus...
::::'''Giovanni:''' My friend, caution is a good thing &mdash; but it can also make you miss out on a whole lot of fun!
::::Now why does that name sound familiar...
::::'''Giovanni:''' Don't worry, my dear friend &mdash; I'll fill you in nice and slow.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now why does that name sound familiar...
::::'''Giovanni:''' Don't worry, my dear friend &mdash; I'll fill you in nice and slow.
:::'''Giovanni:''' This is the new project that I'm sponsoring in Penacony, and it's a different game from Aetherium Wars. We use the unique Dreamscape tech of Penacony to create a completely immersive experience &mdash; and of course, you don't even need friends to play it. It's a single-player game!
:::'''Giovanni:''' The open beta is out now. How about it, wanna try out this new gameplay?
:::'''Giovanni:''' Good evening, {{MC|m=dashing sir|f=lovely miss}}. I've heard so much about the Astral Express but never imagined meeting you in this little Dreamscape here...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Please allow me to introduce myself first: My humble name is Giovanni di Giorgio da Epsilon, and I'm a tiny private trader from Epsilon.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Unless I'm mistaken, you're here to try out {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer''}}, right?
:::''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer''?
:::'''Giovanni:''' That's right!
:::Sounds kinda sus...
:::'''Giovanni:''' My friend, caution is a good thing &mdash; but it can also make you miss out on a whole lot of fun!
:::Now why does that name sound familiar...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Don't worry, my dear friend &mdash; I'll fill you in nice and slow.
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 801410106-->)
:::{{tx}}
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer''?
::::'''Giovanni:''' That's right!
::::Sounds kinda sus...
::::'''Giovanni:''' My friend, caution is a good thing &mdash; but it can also make you miss out on a whole lot of fun!
::::Now why does that name sound familiar...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds kinda sus...
::::'''Giovanni:''' My friend, caution is a good thing &mdash; but it can also make you miss out on a whole lot of fun!
::::Now why does that name sound familiar...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now why does that name sound familiar...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Don't worry, my dear friend &mdash; I'll fill you in nice and slow.
:'''Giovanni:''' This is the new project that we're sponsoring in Penacony &mdash; a brand-new game!
::'''Giovanni:''' We use the unique Dreamscape tech of Penacony to create a completely immersive experience &mdash; and of course, you don't even need friends to play it. It's a single-player game!
::'''Giovanni:''' The open beta is out now. How about it, wanna try out the experience?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm down to play!
:::'''Giovanni:''' Fantastic! Right now, ''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer'' is still under development, and we need more testing to get more user feedback and suggestions.
:::No, I have a bone to pick with you.
:::Someone plagiarized my name!
:::Using my name is one thing, but not giving me compensation!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, I have a bone to pick with you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Someone plagiarized my name!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Using my name is one thing, but not giving me compensation!?
::'''Giovanni:''' About that... we haven't been able to find any registration for {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Galactic Baseballer}} in either Epsilon's copyright protection ordinances or in the Penacony registry of IP.
::'''Giovanni:''' Also, we prefer an alternative term: Something like a flattering '''homage'''.
::'''Giovanni:''' If the famed Galactic Baseballer is willing to personally participate in the test, I would be delighted to prepare a gift for you.
::'''Giovanni:''' What say you, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} Baseballer?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
::'''Giovanni:''' No problem! Please ask me anything. Which part would you like me to begin with?
::{{tx}}
:'''Giovanni:''' Mmm? Any more questions?
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Where do I play the game?
::'''Giovanni:''' Great question! We tried developing it on a dream bubble supplied by a sponsor, but... *sigh* the content on that dream bubble was a little bit too exciting to be made available to the public.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of game is this?
::'''Giovanni:''' Let's see... How did we put it in the tagline...
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there any remuneration for helping out with testing?
::'''Giovanni:''' Of course! Test rewards will gradually unlock as you progress through the game.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's all the questions I have.
::'''Giovanni:''' Alright, well, a picture paints a thousand words. I can talk all day, or you can experience it for yourself.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Test play "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer" and finish the first adventure{{subst:void|<!--802220102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Golden Hour|update|This was supposed to be a game designed for you, so how can you not give it a run-through? Start up "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer" and finish the initial adventure.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer"
|zhs  = 「银河球棒侠传说」
|zht  = 「銀河球棒俠傳說」
|ja   = 「銀河打者伝説」
|ko   = 「은하 방망이 협객 전설」
|es   = La leyenda del Bate Galáctico
|fr   = «&nbsp;La légende de la batte galactique&nbsp;»
|ru   = Легенда о Космическом бейсболисте
|th   = ตำนานอัศวินเบสบอลแห่งกาแล็กซี
|vi   = Huyền Thoại Hiệp Sĩ Gậy Bóng Chày Ngân Hà
|de   = „Die Legende vom Galaktischen Baseballer“
|id   = "Legenda Manusia Pentung"
|pt   = "Lenda {{MC|m=do Grande Jogador|f=da Grande Jogadora}} de Beisebol da Galáxia"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
