<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Legend of the Galactic Baseballer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8033102
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Legend of the Galactic Baseballer.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[An Andalusian Monkey]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Giovanni; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Penacony Paperfold University College]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Penacony Paperfold University College
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King]] event.

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G{GroupID})
:{{tx}}
::'''Giovanni:''' Oh, looks like you've already finished it &mdash; congratulations! Mind sharing your thoughts on the game with me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's great!
:::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, getting such high praise is truly an honor. Thank you for your love of ''Galactic Baseballer: Demon King''&mdash;
:::'''Giovanni:''' For a Fool, the laughter of people is the sincerest form of recognition.
:::I haven't played enough...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Well, given the scope of the game... Personally, I've always considered this project to be "quality over quantity."
:::'''Giovanni:''' We've focused on the player experience from the very start of ''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer&ast;''s development. So we really perfected the gameplay for the official version, aiming for "small but refined," not "big and overwhelming."
:::Could I get a lawyer's letter for saying I didn't like it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could I get a lawyer's letter for saying I didn't like it?
::'''Giovanni:''' Oh... you've reminded me. I'll contact legal right away &mdash;
::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, just kidding. Don't worry, we are a legitimate project. We don't do anything underhanded.
::'''Giovanni:''' After all, a great game never fears feedback or criticism &mdash; except for maliciously negative reviews.
::'''Giovanni:''' So, besides that, do you have any other questions after experiencing the whole game?
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will there be a sequel?
:::'''Giovanni:''' Personally? I hope so, whether it's a new game or DLC.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who designed that Demon King...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Well... of course, it was you, my friend.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why not the Cosmos's Penman Hero?
:::'''Giovanni:''' About that... I seriously thought it over. A pen as a weapon is a fun idea, and the unexpected plot twists fit my aesthetic perfectly.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any other questions.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Last question &mdash; what are you looking forward to in ''Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King''?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can the story go on a little longer?
::::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, we'll definitely make it happen next time... if the response to the game is good enough, we might consider developing other works under the same IP.
::::'''Giovanni:''' Maybe there'll even be one with more focus on the story &mdash; after all, we've got to try something new, no?
::::Is there a guarantee for future updates and improvements?
::::'''Giovanni:''' Of course, we're not the kind of shady developers who vanish into thin air after getting the money.
::::'''Giovanni:''' Even if we can't churn out seven or eight major updates every year like some big-name projects, regular maintenance and optimization? That's no problem at all.
::::I want to play the next game now!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there a guarantee for future updates and improvements?
::::'''Giovanni:''' Of course, we're not the kind of shady developers who vanish into thin air after getting the money.
::::'''Giovanni:''' Even if we can't churn out seven or eight major updates every year like some big-name projects, regular maintenance and optimization? That's no problem at all.
::::I want to play the next game now!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to play the next game now!
:::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, I'll take that as a compliment &mdash; rest assured, if there's a development plan for the future, we'll definitely deliver it on time.
:::'''Giovanni:''' After all, delays are a reputation killer for any business. There's absolutely no benefit in that.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Got it, I've made note of your feedback. It's getting late, I need to head back and do a wrap-up with the dev team.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Please, allow me to take my leave first &mdash; of course, the continued operation of the project is important. I'll leave a hologram projection near the booth, connected directly to my phone. If you have any questions, feel free to ask.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Ah, and... can't forget this: Please accept the special bonus gift prepared for the Galactic Baseballer &mdash; {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"Praise of High Morals"}}!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're still as "Elating" as always.
:::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, thanks for the compliment. That's the best praise ever for {{Rubi|us|the Fools}}.
:::'''Giovanni:''' By the way, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|that test version of the game console has been fixed now}}. If you're interested, you should give it another try!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't wait any longer!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, alright, maybe next time for sure...
:::'''Giovanni:''' Haha, enjoy your gaming! Let's meet again in laughter and fun!
:::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Legend of the Galactic Baseballer
|zhs  = 银河球棒侠传说
|zht  = 銀河球棒俠傳說
|ja   = 銀河打者伝説
|ko   = 은하 방망이 협객 전설
|es   = La leyenda del Bate Galáctico
|fr   = La légende de la batte galactique
|ru   = Легенда о Космическом бейсболисте
|th   = ตำนานอัศวินเบสบอลแห่งกาแล็กซี
|vi   = Huyền Thoại Hiệp Sĩ Gậy Bóng Chày Ngân Hà
|de   = Die Legende vom Galaktischen Baseballer
|id   = Legenda Manusia Pentung
|pt   = Lenda do Grande Jogador de Beisebol da Galáxia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}
