<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lesley Dean's Synesthesia Dreamscape#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2030002
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Lesley Dean's Synesthesia Dreamscape.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Agent; Flora; Flora's Friend; Jillian; Lesley Dean; Lesley's Projection; Robert; Robert's Best Friend; Robert's Mother; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Lesley's Mind Maze]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Lesley's Mind Maze
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Lesley Dean's Synesthesia Dreamscape''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Enter the Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Find the first creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Witness Robert's stories
# Continue to witness Robert's stories
# Witness the conclusion of Robert's stories
# Take a photo of Robert and Harry together
# Turn off the TV
# Change the photograph on the table
# Leave Robert's Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Find the second creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Find the oddities within Jillian's Dreamscape
# Dispel the false illusions crafted by Jillian
# Eliminate Jillian's fervent desire for control
# Leave Jillian's Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Find the third creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Locate Flora, one of the creators of the Synesthesia Dreamscape
# Follow Flora's visions and witness her experiences
# Grant Lesley Dean a second chance to free Flora from her agony
# Leave Flora's Synesthesia Dreamscape

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Enter the Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|You have entered Lesley Dean's Emoscape.<br />Find the creators of this Synesthesia Dreamscape and free them from their obsessions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the first creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000202-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; OpenDoor)
:----
::What stands before you is a simple hotel room door. However, you have a strong feeling that what lies behind this door is far from a simple room.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Robert, that is the name of the master of this space?
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Let's go inside, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). I am prepared to face my creator.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Push open the door.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness Robert's stories{{subst:void|<!--203000204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|The first creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape is named Robert. Investigate the images he has left in the Emoscape and uncover his stories.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Beam1)
:----
::'''Robert's Best Friend:''' Great news, Robert! Green-Ear Josey got a hold of a source for ''Ancient Dreams of Distant Stars''!
::'''Robert:''' For real? Where'd he get that!? Is it hi-def?
::'''Robert's Best Friend:''' It's 16k res. At least that's what he said... Well, you want to rent it?
::'''Robert:''' I... I don't have any money at all. My mom cut off my allowance ever since she caught me secretly renting tapes last time...
::'''Robert's Best Friend:''' What!? What's wrong with liking movies? Plus, this is Lesley Dean's debut work! Your mother has no taste at all.
::'''Robert's Best Friend:''' Don't worry. I'll cover it this time. Come to my place after school next time and we can watch it together.
::'''Robert:''' Thank you, Harry...
::----
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Robert... I feel like our senses were linked for a moment then...
::'''Lesley Dean:''' His home planet is an impoverished land that has been under IPC sanctions ever since the Interstellar Energy War. The only way that they are able to watch movies is by renting tapes from smugglers at a high price.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Harry is Robert's best friend, and he's like an older brother to him. I can sense that Robert relies on him greatly...
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Let's keep watching, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue to witness Robert's stories{{subst:void|<!--203000205-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Beam2)
:----
::'''Robert's Mother:''' You need to accept reality, Rob. Harry... Harry is not here anymore.
::'''Robert:''' We... We still have so many films we haven't watched together.
::'''Robert:''' ''Purple Rain''... Harry's favorite movie is ''Purple Rain''. We promised, one day we would meet the real Lesley Dean and get an autograph from him...
::'''Robert's Mother:''' ...Wake up, Rob. We live in a world without hope. These concepts of "interstellar travel" and "cosmic star" have nothing to do with us.
::'''Robert's Mother:''' I am trying to keep you from those things because...
::'''Robert:''' No! I don't want to hear it! I want to leave this place... I want all of this to be gone!
::'''Robert:''' You don't understand what makes something beautiful! None of you understand, only he does...
::----
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Harry...
::'''Lesley Dean:''' ...Harry, so optimistic, ever strong, but also so ill-fated... to have his life cut short by an accident at his age...
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Having lost his best friend, Robert was on the verge of collapse. He felt anger and rage towards everything around him. Just injustice and despair. So, he began to search for a way to escape, in doing so... He found "me."
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Let's keep watching, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness the conclusion of Robert's stories{{subst:void|<!--203000206-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Beam3)
:----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": true,
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_2030001.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::A picture of two people together, Robert and Lesley Dean.
::Lesley's face is adorned with the expression you would expect from a huge star: Bright, confident, and just the right amount of pride.
::Standing next to him, Robert appears dry and plain... He is by no means unattractive. It's just that standing next to the great Lesley Dean in his prime, he seems unremarkable in comparison.
::Robert's mouth is slightly upturned at the corners, as if he is trying his hardest to give a satisfactory smile to the person behind the camera, but his empty eyes betray him... He is drowning.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_2030001.png",
	"TriggerSound": true
}</pre>
::----
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Robert was able to leave his hometown, albeit using methods that he would not easily share with others.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' He began a journey of losing himself, trying to find the Lesley Dean that exists in his ideals. What he never realized was... Though he thought he had been fighting back all this time, he was really just running away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Running away?
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' Running away from the shadow that kept him trapped... Running away from the truth that his best friend had died. He thought that if he only found me and fulfilled their dream, then the dark shadow of their past would disappear.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Harry...
:::'''Lesley Dean:''' His lost friend has been haunting him this whole time. He thought that if he only found me and fulfilled their dream, then the dark shadow of their past would disappear.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' He locked himself in a world of only "Lesley Dean." He could not bring himself to face the true source of his suffering.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' However, when this bubble that gave him a place to hide suddenly burst... He no longer knew where to go.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' So, that's why he went into this "undertaking"... Giving up on himself to maintain a false ideal.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you think we should do?
::'''Lesley Dean:''' We have to make Robert remember... We have to make him remember that light he once had in his life.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' In this story, "I" am no more than a scapegoat. We have to allow Harry to become Robert's star once more.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Please, help him, (Trailblazer).
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of Robert and Harry together{{subst:void|<!--203000207-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|Faced with the loss of his dearest friend, Robert succumbed to despair and fruitlessly pursued the shadow of Lesley Dean.<br />It is crucial to remind him of the true superstar in his life. Take a photo of him and Harry together.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Turn off the TV{{subst:void|<!--203000209-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|Faced with the loss of his dearest friend, Robert succumbed to despair and fruitlessly pursued the shadow of Lesley Dean.<br />Restore what he cherishes most and let him temporarily forget Lesley Dean.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; TurnOff)
:There is a clip of Lesley Dean being interviewed by a famous talk show host playing on the television.
::You cannot hear their conversation clearly, but you can see two people with beaming smiles... Their dancing eyebrows and upturned smiles are proof that their joy is not manufactured in any way.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Turn off the television.
::The moment you press the switch on the television, Lesley Dean's soothing voice comes to a sudden stop and echoes into the void around you, before disappearing entirely. The silence that now covers this spiritual space suddenly feels like a deafening clamor.
::You feel a little lonely on Robert's behalf. But, for the sake of his life, he must bear and process this loneliness by himself.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Change the photograph on the table{{subst:void|<!--203000210-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Replace)
:Gently, you remove the picture of Robert and Lesley from the table and replace it with that of two young childhood friends.
::You are aware that no matter how much noise you make in this space, it is unlikely to have any real effect on Robert... But you still wish to complete this operation gently and carefully.
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' That... Should be enough, right?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Even if the beginning of this process is painful, I hope that he can recall his childhood friend and remember who is truly important to him.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' As for whether to move forward or continue to wallow, we cannot make that decision for him. But at least we have given him an opportunity to truly face what he feels inside.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope that he can reclaim his life.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' There may be a way for us to test the results.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How would we test the results?
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I think there is only one way.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' The greater the effect of our results, the weaker the foundation of this body should become. When the time comes, I should be able to feel the effects our actions have brought...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Let's go, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). There are others awaiting us.

;(Talk to Robert)
:Robert remains in place, silent.
:You hope that he will see his awakening.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Leave Robert's Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000234-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|You have done what you can to aid Robert. Perhaps he will awaken from his dream.<br />Leave this place and find the next creator.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Out)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the second creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000213-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|You have entered Lesley Dean's Emoscape.<br />Find the creators of this Synesthesia Dreamscape and free them from their obsessions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; OpenDoor)
:----
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Jillian... That must be this fan's name?
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Let's go, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). Let's see what has happened to her.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Push open the door.

;(Unused &mdash; ShowName)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the oddities within Jillian's Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000214-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|The second creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape is named Jillian. What does Lesley Dean mean to her? It is up to you to figure out the answer.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Lesley Dean:''' It's...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' It seems that "I" have already dominated her entire world. All of those standing there are her imaginings of Lesley Dean.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's insane.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's sad.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' You're right. It's pitiful and loathsome.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I can remember certain moments... They were truly uncomfortable.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dispel the false illusions crafted by Jillian{{subst:void|<!--203000215-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|Jillian is an ardent admirer of Lesley Dean.<br />You and Lesley must confront the unrealistic fantasies she has created and unveil the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lesley's Projection)
----
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' Lesley Dean is perfect. He has no flaws, absolutely none.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destroy the fantasy.
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Sorry to disappoint you, Ms. Jillian... But no one is perfect.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' My shortcomings and weaknesses are piled up high in a corner that you just cannot see. I have made too many mistakes in my life to count, and they have all become meticulously hidden skeletons in my closet.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' But, they are all a part of me. I cannot shy away from their existence. I hope that everyone's imperfections can be understood... After all, if we live under a magnifying glass every day, sooner or later we will be incinerated by the rays of the sun.
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' Lesley Dean is perfect. He has no flaws, and he...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"Duration": 1
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->

;(Talk to Lesley's Projection)
----
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' Anyone who slanders the name of Lesley Dean is my enemy. They are villains that must be eradicated!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destroy the fantasy.
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' It is not easy to differentiate between criticism and slander. I have been lost in the waves of these two voices before, too... This is a life-long lesson, one that I never fully grasped even until the end.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' But I did come to understand one thing: Those slanderous voices outside had not been a personal attack on me for a long time. They gradually evolved into a vicious cycle of perpetual opposition... A battle that was destined to never have a victor.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I no longer care about this baseless slander, Ms. Jillian... I just want to bring this cycle of sadness and malevolence to an end.
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' Anyone who slanders the name of Lesley Dean is my enemy. They are villains, and they...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"Duration": 1
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->

;(Talk to Lesley's Projection)
----
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' I love him deeply. I love him. I love him so much.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destroy the fantasy.
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I'm sorry, Ms. Jillian... But this is not love.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' People who do not love themselves always misinterpret the meaning of the word "love." "Love" is something that everyone must sense within themselves... But you gave up on yourself long ago. You chose obsession instead.
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' I love him deeply. I love him. I...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"Duration": 1
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->

;(Talk to Lesley's Projection)
----
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' I would give anything for him. My money, my life, my ideals.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destroy the fantasy.
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Such heavy emotions... What do you expect as a response to this, Ms. Jillian?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' A person who could abandon everything for their idol... Including the very cornerstone of human life, "dignity"... If I am frank, someone like this... They only fill me with fear.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' No one should live a life like this... You should work to try and reclaim the things in life that are truly yours, Ms. Jillian.
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' I would give anything for him. My money, my life, my...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"Duration": 1
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->
{{Dialogue End}}

===Eliminate Jillian's fervent desire for control{{subst:void|<!--203000220-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lesley's Projection)
:{{tx}}
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' He is mine... He's mine... mine...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Destroy the fantasy.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's wrong, Lesley?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nothing left to say?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I think we have found the source, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I can sense it, a powerful desire that came pouring from the base of her heart... It's powerful, a terrifying desire for possession...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' The roots of this desire have grown too deep. I will not be able to handle this alone.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), will you take action? The negative memes affecting Ms. Jillian have grown so powerful that we will only be able to dispel them with an even greater power.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay, I'm ready.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' Sometimes, violence is the only way to combat something that does not respond to logic.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just have to defeat "it," right?
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I think so. Sometimes, violence is the only way to combat something that does not respond to logic.
:'''Lesley's Projection:''' He is mine... He's mine... mine...
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you okay?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...I'm fine. Thank you for your concern.
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Jillian)
:'''Jillian:''' Jillian looks toward you, her face awash with loss and bewilderment.
:'''Jillian:''' But she nodded slightly thereafter as a gesture of gratitude toward you. From this moment on, her life began anew.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Leave Jillian's Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000237-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|You have done what you can to aid Jillian. Perhaps he will awaken from his dream.<br />Leave this place and find the next creator.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; Out)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the third creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000223-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|You have entered Lesley Dean's Emoscape.<br />Find the creators of this Synesthesia Dreamscape and free them from their obsessions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Locate Flora, one of the creators of the Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000224-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|The third creator of the Synesthesia Dreamscape is named Flora. What does Lesley Dean mean to her? It is up to you to figure out the answer.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Flora... It's really her!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is she?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' She's Les&mdash; my former assistant.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' But why would she... I never thought that she would have such a strong obsession. There must be more than meets the eye here...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Let's get closer and take a look, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
----

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAIMoveTo",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"GroupId": 36,
	"PointID": 3,
	"MotionFlag": "Walk",
	"SkipStartTurn": true,
	"OnReach": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
			"TargetType": {
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
				"Targets": [
					400001
				]
			},
			"Duration": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_203000224"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Flora's visions and witness her experiences{{subst:void|<!--203000225-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|It turns out that the lady named Flora was Lesley Dean's former assistant during his lifetime.<br />Follow her shadow and witness the stories between her and Lesley.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Agent:''' Mr. Dean! Come, come, let me introduce you! This is Flora, our company's most promising young worker! From today forth, she will be your personal assistant!
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002,
		300004
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' Les&mdash; Mr. Dean, hello! I look forward to learning from you in the future.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' It's a pleasure, Ms. Flora! You really are a charming young lady! I'm sure we will work wonderfully together!
:'''Agent:''' Mr. Dean, I will have Flora accompany you for tomorrow's shoot so she can get used to the working environment... You don't mind, do you?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSDFText",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002,
			300004
		]
	},
	"IsFaceToCamera": {},
	"AnimatorParamName": "MotionType",
	"FontSize": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": -1
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300003,
		300005,
		300006
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' I... I will work my hardest. I will not let you down.

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAIMoveTo",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"GroupId": 35,
	"PointID": 1,
	"SkipStartTurn": true,
	"OnReach": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
			"TargetType": {
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
				"Targets": [
					400001
				]
			},
			"Duration": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_203000240"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Flora:''' Mr. Lesley, are... Are you hungry? Would you like something to eat?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002,
		300005
	]
}</pre>
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
:'''Flora:''' ...Mr. Lesley?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...I'm not hungry.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSDFText",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002,
			300005
		]
	},
	"IsFaceToCamera": {},
	"AnimatorParamName": "MotionType",
	"FontSize": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": -1
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300003
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' But you haven't eaten anything all day...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I told you I'm not hungry! Can you not hear?
:'''Flora:''' ...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSDFText",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300003
		]
	},
	"IsFaceToCamera": {},
	"AnimatorParamName": "MotionType",
	"FontSize": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": -1
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300004,
		300006
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' ...The shoot was scheduled for 10 AM tomorrow. I will contact the crew and have them push it back.
:'''Flora:''' Please make sure you get some rest this evening, Mr. Dean. Goodnight.

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAIMoveTo",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"GroupId": 45,
	"PointID": 1,
	"MotionFlag": "Run",
	"SkipStartTurn": true,
	"OnReach": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
			"TargetType": {
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
				"Targets": [
					400001
				]
			},
			"Duration": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_203000203"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Flora's Friend:''' What's wrong, Flora? Why are you crying...?
----
:'''Flora:''' *sobs*
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002,
		300004
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora's Friend:''' Don't keep this bottled up. You can tell me anything...
:'''Flora:''' ...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSDFText",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300002
		]
	},
	"IsFaceToCamera": {},
	"AnimatorParamName": "MotionType",
	"FontSize": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": -1
		}
	}
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' I... I'm fine! I'm honestly fine...
:'''Flora's Friend:''' Lately, you... you've been looking sad. Did something happen at work?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSDFText",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300004
		]
	},
	"IsFaceToCamera": {},
	"AnimatorParamName": "MotionType",
	"FontSize": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": -1
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300003,
		300005
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' ...I'm honestly fine, Lisa. Don't worry about me.
:'''Flora:''' Ah, didn't you mention a cake store that you like before? How about we go and check it out this afternoon?

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSetAIMoveTo",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"Targets": [
			400001
		]
	},
	"GroupId": 53,
	"PointID": 1,
	"MotionFlag": "Run",
	"SkipStartTurn": true,
	"OnReach": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTargetEntityFadeWithAnim",
			"TargetType": {
				"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
				"Targets": [
					400001
				]
			},
			"Duration": 1
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_203000242"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Flora:''' ...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...Why are you so quiet all of a sudden? Give us a smile! Where's that bubbly, happy Flora we know and love gone?
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' I... I've told you everything I needed to. Now... At this crucial juncture, I'm not even sure what to say...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Ah... I see.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300003
	]
}</pre>
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Flora... You know, don't you? After this tour, I will be switching agencies.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300007
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' ...
:'''Flora:''' Of course I do, Mr. Dean. But at least for today, I am still your assistant...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I was wondering, would it be possible...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300004
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' ...Mr. Dean?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...Forget it. It's nothing. Don't worry about it.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Every adventure must come to an end some day. Take care of yourself, Flora.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300005
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' ...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowSDFText",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.GroupFetchLocalTarget",
		"TargetType": "Prop",
		"Targets": [
			300005,
			300002,
			300004,
			300007,
			300003
		]
	},
	"IsFaceToCamera": {},
	"AnimatorParamName": "MotionType",
	"FontSize": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": -1
		}
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300006
	]
}</pre>
:'''Flora:''' ...Thank you. You take care of yourself, too.
:'''Flora:''' May we meet again... Mr. Dean...
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} People's emotions are complicated.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' That they are, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You really were such a jerk.
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I agree, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer)... I agree.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' In life, is there anything more painful than "missing a chance"?
:'''Lesley Dean:''' This is all my fault... I was slow, unreasonable... obnoxious.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Thankfully, it seems fate has gifted me a second chance. Though my body no longer remains, I still have the opportunity to change something in this way.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...I wish to speak with Flora, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). I will not miss out again this time.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' She must not waste her life on a memory... These wounds that were once caused by Lesley Dean, I will now sew them shut myself.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Grant Lesley Dean a second chance to free Flora from her agony{{subst:void|<!--203000230-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|Flora has been suppressing her feelings for Lesley Dean even when Lesley died.<br />Now, Lesley gains a second chance to reciprocate the emotions Flora never revealed, and Lesley intends to seize this chance.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Flora)
:{{tx}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack",
	"ExtendTime": 3
}</pre>
----
:'''Lesley Dean:''' ...
:'''Lesley Dean:''' {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), I have realized something.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' May I share it with you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm listening.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' There was a moment just now... I suddenly felt like all of the problems that had been bothering me before were no longer important.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was it Flora that helped you realize this?
::'''Lesley Dean:''' I think so.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' "Who am I"... This question has been following me since the moment I first took this form.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' When I was reading Flora's memories, I felt like I was inside a painting for the first time. Her words and emotions truly shook my heart.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' At that moment, I finally believed: I no longer need to doubt my own existence. I am an extension of the life of Lesley Dean.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' I am composed of Lesley Dean's memories, along with people's ideas and impressions of him. I have started to feel... That these two things are enough to form a person, to make me, me... I no longer need this hollow body to prove my existence.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Thank you, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer). Without your help, I would never have been able to do any of this alone.
:'''Lesley Dean:''' Let us leave this place. I'm feeling... tired.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Leave Flora's Synesthesia Dreamscape{{subst:void|<!--203000232-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Lesley's Mind Maze|update|Lesley's response to Flora's feelings will hopefully grant her solace and allow her to begin anew.<br />All the creators of this Emoscape have left. It is time to leave this realm.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lesley Dean's Synesthesia Dreamscape
|zhs  = 莱斯利•迪恩的联觉梦境
|zht  = 萊斯利•迪恩的聯覺夢境
|ja   = レスリー・ディーンの共感覚夢境
|ko   = 레슬리•딘의 공감각 꿈세계
|es   = Paisaje onírico sinestésico de Lesley Dean
|fr   = Pays des rêves synesthésique de Lesley&nbsp;Dean
|ru   = Синестезийные грёзы Лесли Дина
|th   = แดนฝันสังเคราะห์ของ Lesley Dean
|vi   = Cõi Mộng Liên Kết Trực Giác Của Lesley Dean
|de   = Lesley Deans Synästesie-Traumlandschaft
|id   = Dunia Mimpi Sinestesia Lesley Dean
|pt   = Sinestesia do Mundonírico de Lesley Dean
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
