<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Looking For A Disk#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050036
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Looking For A Disk.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Serval; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*1; Leaf of Imaginary*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''Looking For A Disk''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Serval
# Report to Pom-Pom

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Serval{{subst:void|<!--405003602-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Neverwinter Workshop|update|Ask about Serval's band album!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Serval)
:'''Serval:''' Ahaha, just kidding. What's up?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
:::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
:::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
:::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
:::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
:::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
:::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
:::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
:::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
:::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
:::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
:::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
:::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
:::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
:::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
:::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
:::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report to Pom-Pom{{subst:void|<!--405003603-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Neverwinter Workshop|update|It was a shame, but report to Pom-Pom first!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Looking For A Disk
|zhs  = 寻找碟片
|zht  = 尋找唱片
|ja   = レコードを探せ
|ko   = 레코드판 찾기
|es   = En busca de un disco
|fr   = À la recherche d'un disque
|ru   = В поисках записи
|th   = ตามหาแผ่นเสียง
|vi   = Tìm Đĩa Hát
|de   = Auf der Suche nach einer Disc
|id   = Mencari Disk
|pt   = Em Busca de um Disco
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
