<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Morning Starlight (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8032302
|title         = Morning Starlight
|image         = <!--Mission Morning Starlight (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Morning Starlight
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Morning Starlight (Adventure Mission)|Morning Starlight]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Grumpy; Metauna; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Morning Starlight''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Morning Starlight]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Grumpy and report your test results

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Grumpy)
:'''Grumpy:''' About the test... It seems the data hasn't been fully verified yet. Did you run into any issues? Don't worry, we'll adjust it based on your body data in real time.
:'''Metauna:''' No danger at all, if anything goes wrong, I'll pull the plug right away!
:'''Grumpy:''' Well then... we're counting on you for the test!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Grumpy and report your test results{{subst:void|<!--803230202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You test the whole Morning Starlight once on the terminal. Now, you can submit your concluded task to Grumpy and the others.<br />Speaking of which, the reward for this test... Asta should have transferred the money, right?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Metauna:''' ...Grumpy, stop looking at the data, a guest of honor just arrived!
:'''Grumpy:''' Huh!? It's (Trailblazer)? Hold on, let me check... huh, it's connected already!?
:'''Metauna:''' That was quick! Any idea what's inside?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just some ordinary monsters and familiar faces.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Probably people from my memory.
:'''Grumpy:''' I see. With this amount of data, only someone like you, a Nameless, could have something this massive.
:'''Metauna:''' Exactly, for ordinary people like us, even if we combined all our memories from our lives, it'd probably only be about 1% of this.
:'''Metauna:''' By the way, how do you find the difficulty? Anything that needs adjusting?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not really. It's just a piece of cake.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's tough, but luckily, I'm a pro.
:'''Metauna:''' Figures. That is so you.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Morning Starlight
|zhs  = 星芒启明
|zht  = 星芒啟明
|ja   = スターライト・トワイライト
|ko   = 계몽의 별빛
|es   = Lucero del alba
|fr   = Éclat stellaire de l'aube
|ru   = Сияние утренней звезды
|th   = แสงดาวทอประกาย
|vi   = Ánh Sao Ban Mai
|de   = Morgensternenlicht
|id   = Cahaya Bintang Kejora
|pt   = Brilho Estelar do Alvorecer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
