<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8025222
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Virtual Ziqiao
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Divination Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Divination Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Complete Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I{{subst:void|<!--802522202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Divination Commission|Complete Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Welcome, (Trailblazer). How about a thrilling game of Mutare Magnus?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ziqiao, where's your cycrane?
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Don't ask. The answer is that we didn't secure the image rights to the cycrane.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Heron Express also provided their image rights?
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Of course! There's no better advertising spot for a logistical service! Though... we've only had two customers till now.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't Mutare Magnus the Divination Commission's game?
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Oh, it is. The original plan was to have someone from the Divination Commission be a guide. We even had just the right person in mind &mdash; the delightful Miss Qingque, beloved by all. Do you know her?
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' But that stick-in-the-mud Diviner Fu just wouldn't lend her to us. In her own words... "No way! We simply can't afford to lose face with her!"
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' You tell me, how could someone act so arbitrarily? That's going too far!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is a little.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She's really good to Qingque.
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' There's no denying that, that's for sure.
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' But, even if she's unwilling to provide an image for our guides, she doesn't own the gameplay rights for Mutare Magnus! Heh-heh, we can still play to our hearts' content!
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' You still remember the game's rules? Need me to give you a tutorial?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure, lay it on me.
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Okay. It's pretty simple actually. Connect the dots to make a line, connect the lines to make a web, and weave a majestic drawing across the land!
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Like, you connect this dot to this dot, and it turns into a line. Then you interlink this line with that line, and ta-da, you've got the picture all matched up!
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Easy enough, eh? You got all that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yep.
:::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' That's my Nameless! Simply radiating with talent!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd be insane if I understood any of that.
:::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Bah! Who cares if you got it! Just play the game!
:::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' You'll remember everything once you play!
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' *sigh* ...I'd like to provide a proper tutorial too, but it expends too many words. Our budget can't afford the server costs.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No need, I'm a veteran.
::'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Fantastic. Tutorials use up too many words, and we can't afford the server costs on our budget.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your dialogue can't exceed 800 words?
:'''Virtual Ziqiao:''' Yep. Virtual NPCs will ensure that the exchange between you and them won't exceed 1,000 words. I bet you're curious as to why?
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mutare Magnus Easy Mode I
|zhs  = 「大衍万象」简单模式I
|zht  = 「大衍萬象」簡單模式I
|ja   = 「大衍万象」難易度・簡単I
|ko   = 「대연만상」 쉬움 모드 I
|es   = Mutare Magnus: modo fácil&nbsp;I
|fr   = Mode facile I de Mutare Magnus
|ru   = Всеобъемлющее предсказание - Простой режим I
|th   = Mutare Magnus โหมดง่าย I
|vi   = "Vạn Tượng Tối Thượng" Chế Độ Dễ I
|de   = Allumfassende Weissagung – Leichter Modus I
|id   = "Mutare Magnus" Mode Gampang I
|pt   = Mutare Magnus - Modo Fácil I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
