<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Networking and Profits#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8022301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Networking and Profits.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = All About Boothill...
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Everwinter Night]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Geed; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Networking and Profits''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[All About Boothill...]] event.

==Steps==
# Speak with Geed and ask her what she needs from you

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Geed and ask her what she needs from you{{subst:void|<!--802230101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|Geed, a researcher from the Department of Implement Arts, wants to see you for something. She is looking very suspicious and deliberately lowering her voice, and you're not sure why she wants to see you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Geed)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard you are looking for me?
::'''Geed:''' Yes, this is all rather confounding and one of the IPC's top secrets... Not even Wen Shiqi dared spread the word. He asked me to find you in private and to keep things quiet.
::'''Geed:''' So, with this business... Wen Shiqi said that none of the researchers aboard the space station can hold a candle to you, be it your connections, your skills, or your character &mdash; you're the top candidate for all of them. So he asked me to call you over...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what exactly is going on?
:::'''Geed:''' Put simply, every man and his dog out there have issued assignments, and they're a great way to make some money. Wen Shiqi thinks you'd be suitable, and wants to do an internal recommendation for you to the IPC.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you sure it's okay to leak secrets just like this?
:::'''Geed:''' What's the point of a secret if it never gets leaked?
:::'''Geed:''' And besides, I'm not in the IPC. The space station comes under the auspices of Madam Herta and even if she wasn't online, Lead Researcher Asta is there to keep the sky from falling.
::'''Geed:''' Actually, there's this "interstellar cowboy" called Boothill who's recently done a few big jobs and really caused a lot of trouble. He even got one over on our space station.
::'''Geed:''' I heard Madam Herta and a few of the departments commissioned the IPC to develop some products, but these items were robbed while being transported. Now their whereabouts are unknown, and everyone has to re-do all their work...
::'''Geed:''' The IPC are in a pickle too. They're preparing a wanted bounty on this guy, and lots of other people are throwing out all kinds of bounties and offers to try and hunt him down too.
::'''Geed:''' "Hehe... The more chaotic a situation is, the more money we stand to make from it"... Ahem, that's what Wen Shiqi said verbatim. He told me that good news should be shared in the first instance with good friends &mdash; and so he called you over.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what should I do, then?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a true friend. Please, give me pointers!
::'''Geed:''' Hang on, I've already passed on your info to the IPC. Today's special assignment was issued by the IPC, so we have to wait for them to verify your identity... Oh, (Trailblazer) &mdash; you're incredible. They approved it in a heartbeat.
::'''Geed:''' Good, specific details have been sent to you, and you can do it however you see fit. Remember &mdash; you can definitely turn a profit on it, but you need to be very careful. I heard that cowboy can be positively diabolical.
:'''Geed:''' Shhh, don't leak anything about our "special assignment" &mdash; we gotta keep quiet, get rich, and stay safe.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Expedition.ExpeditionMainPage",
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Networking and Profits
|zhs  = 人情利益
|zht  = 人情利益
|ja   = 人情と利益
|ko   = 인정과 이익
|es   = Contactos y beneficios
|fr   = Réseautage et bénéfice
|ru   = Связи и выгода
|th   = น้ำใจและผลประโยชน์
|vi   = Tình Người Và Lợi Ích
|de   = Gefälligkeiten und Interessen
|id   = Koneksi dan Keuntungan
|pt   = Networking e Lucros
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
