<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Old Friends, New Friends?#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024201
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Old Friends, New Friends?.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silent Galaxy]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Litter Pony; Natasha; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Old Friends, New Friends?''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to Boulder Town and chat with Natasha

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Go to Boulder Town and chat with Natasha{{subst:void|<!--802420101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|Natasha needs your help with the recent cases of an unknown creature attacking people in Belobog. Seek her out to learn about the situation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G178)
:{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I almost met my end in a dream.
:::'''Natasha:''' Does that have to do with... that place called Penacony? I've heard about it from IPC workers stationed in the Underworld. I hear you all contributed a lot to liberating that "prison planet," much as you did for Belobog.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I was almost... stricken... with mara.
:::'''Natasha:''' Mara-struck... That sounds like a hard sickness to handle. Fortunately, you stand before me today in perfect health. That must mean that you overcame these struggles, correct?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Astral Express blasts away all troubles!
:::'''Natasha:''' Haha... I never imagined that the Astral Express had such a function. This Aeon of Trailblaze that you follow truly has every possibility covered.
:::'''Natasha:''' Allow me to get back to my original point. The Astral Express is always on the move and any time you and I can meet is precious. Something strange has been happening in Belobog these past few days...
:::'''Natasha:''' Many residents have said that they were being pursued by a dark shadow. Some were even scratched and clawed by it. Yesterday alone I treated about a dozen victims with scratches all over their arms.
:::'''Natasha:''' Not a single one of them has any idea about what this thing is &mdash; Until today when a "new friend" came to see me. He said he could solve all of this, but we must find "you" first...
:::'''???:''' Hah, transform!!!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You know me?
::::'''Litter Pony:''' Are you really going to pretend that you don't know me after what you did to me? So cruel~
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
::::'''Litter Pony:''' Are you shocked? I'm only here in this world because I have no choice.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Litter... Pony?
::::'''Litter Pony:''' What? My secret got exposed already? Indeed, that is not my real name. It is a pseudonym that I created based on my favorite anime. It's the story of six trashcans that save the world using the powers of love and magic. Are you... also a fan?
::::'''Litter Pony:''' My real name is Pony Faust Swift Baudelaire Collodi. You can use my real name if you prefer... it just takes up a lot of time.
:::'''Natasha:''' According to Mr. Litter Pony, these shadowy creatures hail from the same world as he does... I have a question. Belobog has never experienced an invasion like this before. Why would they be here causing trouble now?
:::'''Litter Pony:''' Ah! These folks are a species famous for... wanting to make friends!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Really? There's no catch?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Out of my way. I have social anxiety.
:::'''Litter Pony:''' But there's something missing in their brains. They don't know how to make friends normally. All they know is using their brute strength to coerce others and mistaking others' fearful subservience for "friendship." We have been attacked and harassed by them and are scared to the core of our little garbage hearts.
:::'''Litter Pony:''' They have a terrible reputation in my world, so they decided to come to the real universe and grab some human friends. As far as I know, the first step of their plan was to learn some human games... These attacks have actually been them learning how to play your game of hide-and-seek!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can we stop them?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll play hide-and-seek with them.
:::'''Litter Pony:''' You mustn't indulge them! If they really do make friends using these violent methods, they will only get more brutal. If that happens, it will be a bloodbath!
:::'''Litter Pony:''' If you ask me, there's only one thing we can do... We have to teach them what true friendship is! So... Use the Magic of Friendship with me to purify them!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is my specialty.
::::'''Litter Pony:''' Hm, just what I expect from my chosen one! We need to hurry up about it.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I refuse.
::::'''Litter Pony:''' But... If you refuse, do you know what will happen to your friends...?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't we do something a bit less childish?
::::'''Litter Pony:''' You're calling me childish...? Children are the ones who like the grimdark, brutal, and horrible stories! It's adults who like love and magic! If you say no, do you know what might happen to your friends?
:::'''Litter Pony:''' They're currently learning how to celebrate a friend's birthday. When that time comes, your friends will be tied to a chair, surrounded, and have the Happy Birthday song sung to them 33,333 times! Is there any crueler fate in this world!?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, how are we supposed to use this... Magic of Friendship?
:::'''Litter Pony:''' Let me explain... I will need to borrow the power of your strong friendship with your Belobog friends. After all... I have no friends in this world, hahaha!
:::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivitySummon.Main.ActivitySummonMainPage",
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ClientFinishMission",
			"SubmissionID": 802420101
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Old Friends, New Friends?
|zhs  = 老朋友，新朋友？
|zht  = 老朋友，新朋友？
|ja   = 古い友人、新しい友人？
|ko   = 오랜 친구, 새 친구?
|es   = ¿Nuevos y viejos amigos?
|fr   = Anciens et nouveaux amis
|ru   = Старые друзья, новые друзья?
|th   = เพื่อนเก่า เพื่อนใหม่?
|vi   = Bạn Cũ, Bạn Mới?
|de   = Alte Freunde, neue Freunde?
|id   = Teman Lama, Teman Baru?
|pt   = Velhos Amigos, Novos Amigos?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
