<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Snapshot: Day 5#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024305
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Snapshot Day 5.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Operation Memoria Snapshot
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Operation Snapshot: Day 4]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Randolph; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = Operation Snapshot: Day 4
|next          = Operation Snapshot: Day 6
|rewards       = Credit*1,000
}}
'''''Operation Snapshot: Day 5''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Operation Memoria Snapshot]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Randolph about today's filming
# Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Talk to Randolph about today's filming{{subst:void|<!--802430501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|Trainee Healer Randolph has prepared the retrieval plan for the scattered memoria today. Help him film the location of the target.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' (Trailblazer), you're here! The last shoot was extremely successful, and we're almost at our projected target sample number. Thanks to you, my stomach ache is almost gone, too!
:'''Randolph:''' I may have to ask you to help me go and photograph some more scattered memoria for now, though.
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.

;(Unused &mdash; G253_OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityTrackPhoto.Entrance.ActivityTrackPhotoEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria{{subst:void|<!--802430502-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Help Trainee Healer Randolph with the filming so that he can capture these scattered memoria.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' My beloved assistant, (Trailblazer)! If you want to retake any pictures, you can come and find me any time.
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame",
	"WaitFrameCount": 1
}</pre>
:'''Randolph:''' Thank you so much, (Trailblazer). These pictures will make collecting and containing the memoria much easier.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does memoria really have a connection to being mara-struck?
:'''Randolph:''' If this were back when we had just met, I would have told you: "Absolutely."
:'''Randolph:''' But, if I'm truly honest, my answer is: "I don't know."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't even know?
:'''Randolph:''' Don't sound so disappointed. Science is a meticulous profession. One has to bravely set hypotheses and carefully confirm them. This is a hypothesis that I myself suggested, so naturally, it falls upon me to find a way to prove it.
:'''Randolph:''' I have been on the Xianzhou Luofu for some time now, and I have a rough understanding of the endless existences of long-life species. Many of them repeat the same life patterns over and over, like samples encased in amber.
:'''Randolph:''' Although they repeat their ways of life, the worries and pressures of life come in endless forms. Imagine for a second that you have spent a hundred years working to write official documents, enduring pressure from superiors and friction with colleagues...
:'''Randolph:''' Sooner or later, these pent-up emotions will transform one's mind and heart into an enclosed trashcan &mdash; filled with emotions like worry and fear, with no chance of release.
:'''Randolph:''' I plan to analyze the memoria we have collected and see if the emotions present within have a connection with being mara-struck or not... Unfortunately, I still lack the permission to meet with a mara-struck patient. So, all I can do for now is conduct research on the streets.
:'''Randolph:''' Alright, thank you for listening to my rambling. (Trailblazer), if you have spare time, remember to come and see me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Snapshot: Day 5
|zhs  = 留影计划·第五日
|zht  = 留影計畫•第五日
|ja   = スナップショット計画・5日目
|ko   = 촬영 계획•5일차
|es   = Operación instantáneas: Día 5
|fr   = Opération cliché&nbsp;: Jour 5
|ru   = Операция по фотосъёмке: день 5
|th   = แผนถ่ายภาพ: วันที่ 5
|vi   = Kế Hoạch Lưu Giữ Ảnh: Ngày 5
|de   = Operation Schattenspiel: Tag 5
|id   = Proyek Pemotretan: Hari 5
|pt   = Operação Captura: Dia 5
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
