<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Snapshot: Day 6#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024306
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Snapshot Day 6.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Operation Memoria Snapshot
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Operation Snapshot: Day 5]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Randolph; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = Operation Snapshot: Day 5
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*1,000
}}
'''''Operation Snapshot: Day 6''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Operation Memoria Snapshot]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Randolph about today's filming
# Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Talk to Randolph about today's filming{{subst:void|<!--802430601-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|Trainee Healer Randolph has prepared the retrieval plan for the scattered memoria today. Help him film the location of the target.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' Hey, (Trailblazer), great news! Thanks to your help, my research data is almost complete. If this research is successful, it will be a huge help to the Xianzhou people.
:'''Randolph:''' As for you, my friend, I would never deny you the payment I promised for your invaluable assistance.
:'''Randolph:''' But first, let's take care of the final photography session!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.

;(Unused &mdash; G253_OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityTrackPhoto.Entrance.ActivityTrackPhotoEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria{{subst:void|<!--802430602-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Help Trainee Healer Randolph with the filming so that he can capture these scattered memoria.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' My beloved assistant, (Trailblazer)! If you want to retake any pictures, you can come and find me any time.
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame",
	"WaitFrameCount": 1
}</pre>
:'''Randolph:''' (Trailblazer), I really don't know how to thank you! The data collection is almost complete! It's time to get started on my thesis!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are your plans from here?
:'''Randolph:''' I've bought a ship ticket back to Penacony, but I will be around the Luofu for a while before I return. You can come and see me whenever you like.
:'''Randolph:''' From here it's just endless experiments and thesis writing until the deadline. It may be a long time until I can go trashcan diving again, which is a real shame.
:'''Randolph:''' (Trailblazer), as a fellow enthusiast, you must take on my share of the trashcan diving, too! May you enjoy your wildest fan-trash-ies!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Snapshot: Day 6
|zhs  = 留影计划·第六日
|zht  = 留影計畫•第六日
|ja   = スナップショット計画・6日目
|ko   = 촬영 계획•6일차
|es   = Operación instantáneas: Día 6
|fr   = Opération cliché&nbsp;: Jour 6
|ru   = Операция по фотосъёмке: день 6
|th   = แผนถ่ายภาพ: วันที่ 6
|vi   = Kế Hoạch Lưu Giữ Ảnh: Ngày 6
|de   = Operation Schattenspiel: Tag 6
|id   = Proyek Pemotretan: Hari 6
|pt   = Operação Captura: Dia 6
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
