<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Snapshot: Day 3#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024303
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Snapshot Day 3.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Operation Memoria Snapshot
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Operation Snapshot: Day 2]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Randolph; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = Operation Snapshot: Day 2
|next          = Operation Snapshot: Day 4
|rewards       = Credit*1,000
}}
'''''Operation Snapshot: Day 3''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Operation Memoria Snapshot]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Randolph about today's filming
# Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Talk to Randolph about today's filming{{subst:void|<!--802430301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|Trainee Healer Randolph has prepared the retrieval plan for the scattered memoria today. Help him film the location of the target.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' Ah, (Trailblazer), perfect timing. I just got a stomach ache and thought of you. As soon as I thought of you, you appeared! It's like that Xianzhou saying: "Two hearts beating as one."
:'''Randolph:''' I'm counting on you for more photos again today!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.

;(Unused &mdash; G253_OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityTrackPhoto.Entrance.ActivityTrackPhotoEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria{{subst:void|<!--802430302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Help Trainee Healer Randolph with the filming so that he can capture these scattered memoria.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' My beloved assistant, (Trailblazer)! If you want to retake any pictures, you can come and find me any time.
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:'''Randolph:''' Thank you so much, (Trailblazer). These pictures will make collecting and containing the memoria much easier.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you grade them bronze, silver, and gold?
:'''Randolph:''' Oh, you noticed? Hehe, having a fellow enthusiast notice my train of thought makes me so happy.
:'''Randolph:''' From gold to bronze... the brighter the color, the more concentrated the scattered memoria is. I figured that catching sight of a bright and shining gold trashcan after a long day of working yourself to the bone would be a wonderful feeling.
:'''Randolph:''' I should mention that I found the materials for these trashcans in one of Dr. Edward's dream bubbles. I've got no idea where they came from. So, I just took them and used them for myself.
:'''Randolph:''' It seems there are more people out there that share our enthusiasm, my friend!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're repurposing assets?
::'''Randolph:''' I'm a student. I don't have much money. If I can repurpose them, then I will.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't think they're the ones I left, right...
::'''Randolph:''' Well, isn't this a coincidence! It seems our encounter has truly been blessed by the great Garbage King Tatalov!
::'''Randolph:''' You're not planning on charging for the use of these trashcans' images, are you? I'm a student. I really don't have much money...
:'''Randolph:''' Either way, (Trailblazer). If you have time, remember to come back and see me again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Snapshot: Day 3
|zhs  = 留影计划·第三日
|zht  = 留影計畫•第三日
|ja   = スナップショット計画・3日目
|ko   = 촬영 계획•3일차
|es   = Operación instantáneas: Día 3
|fr   = Opération cliché&nbsp;: Jour 3
|ru   = Операция по фотосъёмке: день 3
|th   = แผนถ่ายภาพ: วันที่ 3
|vi   = Kế Hoạch Lưu Giữ Ảnh: Ngày 3
|de   = Operation Schattenspiel: Tag 3
|id   = Proyek Pemotretan: Hari 3
|pt   = Operação Captura: Dia 3
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
