<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Snapshot: Day 4#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8024304
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Snapshot Day 4.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Operation Memoria Snapshot
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Operation Snapshot: Day 3]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Randolph; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = Operation Snapshot: Day 3
|next          = Operation Snapshot: Day 5
|rewards       = Credit*1,000
}}
'''''Operation Snapshot: Day 4''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Operation Memoria Snapshot]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Randolph about today's filming
# Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Talk to Randolph about today's filming{{subst:void|<!--802430401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|Trainee Healer Randolph has prepared the retrieval plan for the scattered memoria today. Help him film the location of the target.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' (Trailblazer), you're just in time. I sent the recorded data to Dr. Edward. "This looks pretty good." Those were his own words.
:'''Randolph:''' This is great news! That means I managed to get the budget I spent back!
:'''Randolph:''' Anyway, I'm counting on you for data collection again today!
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.

;(Unused &mdash; G253_OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityTrackPhoto.Entrance.ActivityTrackPhotoEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Assist Randolph in filming the scattered memoria{{subst:void|<!--802430402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Help Trainee Healer Randolph with the filming so that he can capture these scattered memoria.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Randolph)
:'''Randolph:''' My beloved assistant, (Trailblazer)! If you want to retake any pictures, you can come and find me any time.
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's shoot.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetPerformanceResult",
	"Value": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got something else to do.
::'''Randolph:''' Alright. If you need to retake any pictures, you can come back anytime.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitFrame"
}</pre>
:'''Randolph:''' Thank you so much, (Trailblazer). These pictures will make collecting and containing the memoria much easier.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you collecting all this scattered memoria?
:'''Randolph:''' For research, of course! I want to use my research on scattered memoria to find a treatment method for {{Rubi|de-humanization|being mara-struck}}.
:'''Randolph:''' I found records on being mara-struck when I was searching for materials in the library and grew curious.
:'''Randolph:''' I've been working on this research topic for the past few years and according to the materials I have so far, it is not just the unique physiology of the Xianzhou people that plays a decisive role in the development of mara, but their memories and emotions as well.
:'''Randolph:''' If I can find a cause for this illness in the psychological trash, then there is hope for the development of a cure.
:'''Randolph:''' I bet Dr. Edward never would have imagined that I got this inspiration while trashcan diving!
:'''Randolph:''' Either way, (Trailblazer). If you have time, remember to come back and see me again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Snapshot: Day 4
|zhs  = 留影计划·第四日
|zht  = 留影計畫•第四日
|ja   = スナップショット計画・4日目
|ko   = 촬영 계획•4일차
|es   = Operación instantáneas: Día 4
|fr   = Opération cliché&nbsp;: Jour 4
|ru   = Операция по фотосъёмке: день 4
|th   = แผนถ่ายภาพ: วันที่ 4
|vi   = Kế Hoạch Lưu Giữ Ảnh: Ngày 4
|de   = Operation Schattenspiel: Tag 4
|id   = Proyek Pemotretan: Hari 4
|pt   = Operação Captura: Dia 4
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
