<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Oronyx's Miracle: Room I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8030105
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Oronyx's Miracle Room I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Damionis; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Amphoreus]] - [[Oronyx's Miracle: Room I]]
|world         = Amphoreus
|area          = Oronyx's Miracle: Room I
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Oronyx's Miracle: Room I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Amphoreus]].

==Steps==
# Reach the next room
# Open the seal and progress onward

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Reach the next room{{subst:void|<!--803010501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Oronyx's Miracle: Room I|Damionis has lost all enthusiasm. Fortunately, victory lies just ahead... Surely?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Damionis:''' Past this area should be the vault where treasure would be stored. By estimating how far we've traveled, it seems like we're close to our goal...
:'''Damionis:''' Keep going for a while longer, buddy, for victory is at hand...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do I feel like you're the one who isn't able to keep going?
:'''Damionis:''' I merely have a sense of foreboding. After all, my previous efforts have all come to naught...
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Open the seal and progress onward{{subst:void|<!--803010502-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetFloorCustomFloat",
	"Name": {
		"Value": "FCV_OpenDoor"
	},
	"Value": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 1
		}
	},
	"ExtraInfo": {}
}</pre>
:Although the door's open, you don't proceed onward without hesitation like you did before... Because there are more and more doors behind this door.
:That's because behind this door lies even more rooms that are connected by a maze of paths that intertwine like the branches of a tree. Some of these paths even lead toward steep cliffs...
:'''Damionis:''' By Kephale above... Is there an end to this!? If we wish to explore all of them, it'll take us more than three lifetimes to do so...
:'''Damionis:''' *sigh* Now that I think about it, if there really was something valuable here, surely it wouldn't still be lying here for us to pick up?
:Damionis sinks into despondency, just like the time when he was first told that the "world beyond the sky" didn't actually exist... In fact, you can practically hear his dream shattering into pieces.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As long as you continue to blaze a trail, you will eventually reach your destination.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} More rooms signify more possibilities, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you can't even get past this hurdle, how do you still expect to venture beyond the sky?
:'''Damionis:''' ...You're right. Since I'm already here, I owe it to myself to see this through to the end.
:'''Damionis:''' However, if we are to continue onward, I don't think I'll be of much help... Perhaps I should just stay by the entrance and act as a lookout. That way, if I spot any approaching monsters, I will be able to warn you in time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not trying to escape, are you?
::'''Damionis:''' Who do you take me for? Explorers never abandon their companions!
::'''Damionis:''' Besides, if I were truly to abandon you, who would dare team up with me again when I return to the holy city? I can figure out what's good for me.
::You're not planning to slack off, right?
::'''Damionis:''' H&mdash;How can this be considered as slacking off? This is just a division of labor!
::'''Damionis:''' Besides, if I were really going to laze about, who would be willing to team up with me again when I return to the holy city? I can figure out what's good for me.
::Alright, let's do as you say then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not planning to slack off, right?
::'''Damionis:''' H&mdash;How can this be considered as slacking off? This is just a division of labor!
::'''Damionis:''' Besides, if I were really going to laze about, who would be willing to team up with me again when I return to the holy city? I can figure out what's good for me.
::Alright, let's do as you say then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, let's do as you say then.
:'''Damionis:''' You have so much trust in me? I'm truly touched...
:'''Damionis:''' Well then, let's look forward to our continued cooperation, dear hero. If you find anything valuable in there, just keep it with you for now.
:{{tx}}
:'''Damionis:''' It looks like we can't pass through this area directly... Do you have any ideas?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Oronyx's Miracle: Room I
|zhs  = 欧洛尼斯奇迹-房间Ⅰ
|zht  = 歐洛尼斯奇跡-房間Ⅰ
|ja   = オロニクスの神跡：部屋I
|ko   = 오로닉스의 기적-방Ⅰ
|es   = Milagro de Oronix: sala I
|fr   = Salle I du Miracle d'Oronyx
|ru   = Чудо Оронис I
|th   = ปาฏิหาริย์ Oronyx: ห้อง I
|vi   = Kỳ Tích Của Oronyx: Phòng I
|de   = Oronyx’ Wunder: Raum I
|id   = Keajaiban Oronyx: Ruangan I
|pt   = Milagre de Oronyx: Sala I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
