<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Package to the Nameless#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021302
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Package to the Nameless.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmodyssey
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Mag; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Package to the Nameless''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmodyssey]] event.

==Steps==
# Return to the Express and speak with the Nameless, Mag

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Express and speak with the Nameless, Mag{{subst:void|<!--802130202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Parlor Car|update|The Nameless, Mag, is gathering trailblaze experiences of the Nameless from across the Cosmos, offering departure blessings to those walking the Path of Trailblaze.<br /><br />You and the Nameless in the Cosmos have collected a lot. Mag has something to say to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mag)
:'''Mag:''' I send you the latest greetings from the distant cosmic past! Nameless (Trailblazer), are you ready to enter Cosmodyssey?
::{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Start Cosmodyssey.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I wish to learn more about Cosmodyssey...
:::'''Mag:''' I'll tell you everything I know.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will my trailblaze experiences really be useful?
::::'''Mag:''' Absolutely. That experience is the most valuable thing a Nameless will gain in the trailblazing process.
::::'''Mag:''' Trust me, even without the Graced Voyager, trailblaze experiences are still the most precious treasure of all Nameless.
::::'''Mag:''' A Nameless once built a stone bridge that eventually was destroyed by the tide. There was once a Nameless who sought an ancient city that had later been decimated by a sandstorm... The material world is forever in a state of change, but the experiences you gain will always endure.
::::'''Mag:''' Please relax, and treat Cosmodyssey as a wonderful experience. It will record all of your trailblaze experiences up until this point, but what it actually wants to show is that you will have even more heart-stirring adventures like these in the future!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} This really feels like playing Cosmodyssey...
::::'''Mag:''' You're right. The way how the Graced Voyager is presented does relate to my interpretive method.
::::'''Mag:''' On your journey, you have continued to press forward, encountered unexpected moments, and made countless choices... It's much like Cosmodyssey. Through my interpretation, the Graced Voyager has turned out this way.
::::'''Mag:''' Let me ask you a question... Are you having fun?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, it's pretty fun.
:::::'''Mag:''' That's good, very good.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mid.
:::::'''Mag:''' Eh, and here I thought it was already pretty interesting.
::::'''Mag:''' But, all the adventures that you experience in Cosmodyssey originate from your own trials... You must have seen many of your old friends, no?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It seems like Pom-Pom comes up a bit often?
:::::'''Mag:''' That's just my personal preference. Don't you think the conductor is cute?
:::::'''Mag:''' I put a lot of thought into how I could help you Nameless remember your trailblazing experiences.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, did these things all really happen?
:::::'''Mag:''' ...Who knows? I'm not sure myself to be honest.
:::::'''Mag:''' I put a lot of thought into how I could help you Nameless remember your trailblazing experiences.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like there are still some unfamiliar faces...
:::::'''Mag:''' ...There is still so much unknown about the Graced Voyager.
:::::'''Mag:''' I put a lot of thought into how I could help you Nameless remember your trailblazing experiences.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Cosmodyssey is such a slapdash name...
::::'''Mag:''' I think the name is pretty good...
::::'''Mag:''' In our time, I used to play Cosmodyssey with other passengers. They tried their luck on this small board, so they could bring their good luck with them when they disembarked.
::::'''Mag:''' Cosmodyssey is how I imagine the Graced Voyager to be &mdash; each Nameless needs such luck, and so I have brought this form from the past to the future.
::::'''Mag:''' The trailblazing experiences that you and Nameless across the stars share will become a blessing for future Nameless as they start their journeys.
::::'''Mag:''' ...There's a better version of Cosmodyssey than this?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Return}} That's all I wanted to ask.
::::{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Start Cosmodyssey.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to know more about you...
:::::'''Mag:''' Me? Of course, ask away.
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you dead, Mag?
::::::'''Mag:''' You really went right for it, huh?
::::::'''Mag:''' I've met some long-living Nameless in my day. Maybe they're still alive... I'm certain that I've already died. Dead, gone, kaput. I'm not from a long-life species after all.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you become a memetic entity, Mag?
::::::'''Mag:''' If I had to say, it'd probably be the trailblazing will that was left behind in the Graced Voyager by Mag.
::::::'''Mag:''' Trailblaze is like the sound of the starting pistol. Once I hear the word "Trailblaze," I am already on the move. Trust me, you'll feel that way too someday.
::::::'''Mag:''' Although my will is formless, it can lead the Graced Voyager to the future. As for you, you'll be able to take the trailblazing experience and turn it into Trailblaze's blessing... We all have our duties.
::::::'''Mag:''' I've done all I can do. The rest is up to you~
:::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} It sounds like you've been on the Express before?
::::::'''Mag:''' Hehe, before you became a member of the Crew, before even Himeko became a Navigator... A long time ago, the Express had another Crew... I was aboard once during that period.
::::::'''Mag:''' After that... I don't remember when, but the Cosmodyssey was also couriered to the Express a couple of times... That's right, I'm your senior on this Express.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got other things to do.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to know more about you...
:::'''Mag:''' Me? Of course, ask away.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you dead, Mag?
::::'''Mag:''' You really went right for it, huh?
::::'''Mag:''' I've met some long-living Nameless in my day. Maybe they're still alive... I'm certain that I've already died. Dead, gone, kaput. I'm not from a long-life species after all.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you become a memetic entity, Mag?
::::'''Mag:''' If I had to say, it'd probably be the trailblazing will that was left behind in the Graced Voyager by Mag.
::::'''Mag:''' Trailblaze is like the sound of the starting pistol. Once I hear the word "Trailblaze," I am already on the move. Trust me, you'll feel that way too someday.
::::'''Mag:''' Although my will is formless, it can lead the Graced Voyager to the future. As for you, you'll be able to take the trailblazing experience and turn it into Trailblaze's blessing... We all have our duties.
::::'''Mag:''' I've done all I can do. The rest is up to you~
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} It sounds like you've been on the Express before?
::::'''Mag:''' Hehe, before you became a member of the Crew, before even Himeko became a Navigator... A long time ago, the Express had another Crew... I was aboard once during that period.
::::'''Mag:''' After that... I don't remember when, but the Cosmodyssey was also couriered to the Express a couple of times... That's right, I'm your senior on this Express.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Return}} That's all I wanted to ask.
::::{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Start Cosmodyssey.
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I wish to learn more about Cosmodyssey...
:::::'''Mag:''' I'll tell you everything I know.
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will my trailblaze experiences really be useful?
::::::'''Mag:''' Absolutely. That experience is the most valuable thing a Nameless will gain in the trailblazing process.
::::::'''Mag:''' Trust me, even without the Graced Voyager, trailblaze experiences are still the most precious treasure of all Nameless.
::::::'''Mag:''' A Nameless once built a stone bridge that eventually was destroyed by the tide. There was once a Nameless who sought an ancient city that had later been decimated by a sandstorm... The material world is forever in a state of change, but the experiences you gain will always endure.
::::::'''Mag:''' Please relax, and treat Cosmodyssey as a wonderful experience. It will record all of your trailblaze experiences up until this point, but what it actually wants to show is that you will have even more heart-stirring adventures like these in the future!
:::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} This really feels like playing Cosmodyssey...
::::::'''Mag:''' You're right. The way how the Graced Voyager is presented does relate to my interpretive method.
::::::'''Mag:''' On your journey, you have continued to press forward, encountered unexpected moments, and made countless choices... It's much like Cosmodyssey. Through my interpretation, the Graced Voyager has turned out this way.
::::::'''Mag:''' Let me ask you a question... Are you having fun?
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, it's pretty fun.
:::::::'''Mag:''' That's good, very good.
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mid.
:::::::'''Mag:''' Eh, and here I thought it was already pretty interesting.
::::::'''Mag:''' But, all the adventures that you experience in Cosmodyssey originate from your own trials... You must have seen many of your old friends, no?
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It seems like Pom-Pom comes up a bit often?
:::::::'''Mag:''' That's just my personal preference. Don't you think the conductor is cute?
:::::::'''Mag:''' I put a lot of thought into how I could help you Nameless remember your trailblazing experiences.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, did these things all really happen?
:::::::'''Mag:''' ...Who knows? I'm not sure myself to be honest.
:::::::'''Mag:''' I put a lot of thought into how I could help you Nameless remember your trailblazing experiences.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like there are still some unfamiliar faces...
:::::::'''Mag:''' ...There is still so much unknown about the Graced Voyager.
:::::::'''Mag:''' I put a lot of thought into how I could help you Nameless remember your trailblazing experiences.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Cosmodyssey is such a slapdash name...
::::::'''Mag:''' I think the name is pretty good...
::::::'''Mag:''' In our time, I used to play Cosmodyssey with other passengers. They tried their luck on this small board, so they could bring their good luck with them when they disembarked.
::::::'''Mag:''' Cosmodyssey is how I imagine the Graced Voyager to be &mdash; each Nameless needs such luck, and so I have brought this form from the past to the future.
::::::'''Mag:''' The trailblazing experiences that you and Nameless across the stars share will become a blessing for future Nameless as they start their journeys.
::::::'''Mag:''' ...There's a better version of Cosmodyssey than this?
:::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::;(Return to previous option selection)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got other things to do.
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got other things to do.
:'''Mag:''' Fantastic. Just what I'd expect from Nameless (Trailblazer), someone highly recommended by the conductor.
::'''Mag:''' And with that, you have gloriously completed the mission of a Nameless! I would like to take this opportunity to both congratulate and thank you!
::'''Mag:''' Every effort you have put in during this time, no matter how big or how small, will become a source of strength for all the Nameless who are about to start their journeys... Even in the distant future, new Nameless who begin their adventure will be recipients of your blessing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why'd you get so formal all of a sudden?
:::'''Mag:''' If I am always joking around with you, how would you know that you accomplished something incredible?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I charge a fee for this Trailblaze Blessing?
:::'''Mag:''' You gotta be kidding me! You really can crack a joke at the drop of a hat...
::'''Mag:''' I will now give you my final request &mdash;
::'''Mag:''' Wait... Before I do that, don't you want to ask who sent the package to the Express?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Didn't you send it yourself?
:::'''Mag:''' Of course not! I'm very limited in what I can do.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't care, actually.
:::'''Mag:''' How about you just feign you care a bit this time, okay?
::'''Mag:''' The package was sent by a Nameless, and that Nameless received it from another one from long before... Countless generations of Nameless have passed this package down, and now it has reached you.
::'''Mag:''' This is a legacy that belongs to the Nameless, so you probably know what my request is, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You want me to mail Cosmodyssey out.
:::'''Mag:''' Absolutely. You picked up on that right away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, the storage room on the Express is pretty big.
:::'''Mag:''' That's right. Himeko's coffee is also quite good... Hey! Are you waiting for me to spell it out for you on purpose?
:::'''Mag:''' I would ask that you mail Cosmodyssey out again.
::'''Mag:''' My objective is to send the latest regards to more Nameless from the distant cosmic past!
::'''Mag:''' Now, you are a veteran Nameless. Spread the luck of this departure!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me.
:::'''Mag:''' I knew that you'd make the same choice as all the greatest Nameless throughout history.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't realize I'm about to become a seasoned veteran.
:::'''Mag:''' That's right. You are now a veteran to all of the new Nameless brimming with hope.
::'''Mag:''' No matter what where you go, maybe you'll remain on the Express, maybe you'll get off... I don't know.
::'''Mag:''' But what I am sure of is this, the people who join this journey later will certainly think of you. When they encounter chilling winds, they will remember your warmth. When they endure brutal heat, they'll think of your cool breeze...
::'''Mag:''' When they encounter trouble, they will think of all the incredible trailblazing experiences from before... Heh, and don't forget that includes yours!
:;(Screen fades to black)
::And so, the Cosmodyssey was sent out, delivered to the future Nameless.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300003
	]
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.HideEntity",
	"Target": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 172
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"IsHide": true
}</pre>
:;(Screen fades to black)
::"I send you the latest greetings from the distant cosmic past!"
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Why is the package still on the table?)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (After I poured so much emotion and value into it, the package still didn't end up getting sent out?)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (...No wait, this doesn't look like Cosmodyssey?)
::You open the package and see Mag's message.
::"You seemed to be having a blast, and I was kinda worried that you couldn't get enough of it, so I left you a Cosmodyssey (that doesn't have prizes). Keep playing on if you like it! &mdash; Mag the Nameless"
;(Unused &mdash; 2.1Anniversary_Open)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ActivityMonopoly.Reward.ActivityMonopolyJackpotMainPage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Package to the Nameless
|zhs  = 寄往无名客的包裹
|zht  = 寄往無名客的包裹
|ja   = ナナシビトへの荷物
|ko   = 무명객에게 보내는 소포
|es   = Paquete enviado a los Anónimos
|fr   = Paquet envoyé aux Sans Noms
|ru   = Посылка для Безымянных
|th   = พัสดุส่งให้ผู้มาเยือนนิรนาม
|vi   = Gói Đồ Gửi Đến Khách Vô Danh
|de   = Paket für die Namenlosen
|id   = Paket dari The Nameless
|pt   = Pacote para os Inominados
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
