<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Package for the Nameless#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Package for the Nameless.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmodyssey
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Mag; Pom-Pom; Projection Figure; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Package for the Nameless''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmodyssey]] event.

==Steps==
# Return to the Express and check the package

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the Express and check the package{{subst:void|<!--802130101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Parlor Car|update|The Astral Express has received a mysterious package, seemingly a gift sent by the Nameless from across the cosmos. What are you waiting for? Hurry back to the Express and take a look.<br /><br />There's a dice-rolling premonition in the air...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; 802130101_Open)
:After noticing that you got close to a package, Pom-Pom excitedly came over from somewhere else.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Oh, hey there, (Trailblazer)! What's the matter? Are you interested in this package? I bet you are~
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm VERY curious.
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' I figured you'd be!
:::I'm all about conserving my body's finite life force, so I ain't curious.
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' Your lips are saying you're not curious, but your feet have taken you next to the package.
:::What's a Heron Express courier package doing here?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all about conserving my body's finite life force, so I ain't curious.
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' Your lips are saying you're not curious, but your feet have taken you next to the package.
:::What's a Heron Express courier package doing here?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's a Heron Express courier package doing here?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Do you always fixate on the strange things? Never mind these trivial details~
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Don't you want to know what's inside, (Trailblazer)?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' This is a gift from another Nameless in the cosmos. The Express had received one before. There're many who walk on the Path of Trailblaze. Even if you've never met them, they're good companions of Trailblaze.
::{{tx}}
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Other Nameless?
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' That's right. Although Akivili is no longer with us, many Nameless continued to hold onto the will of Trailblaze. They stream across the cosmos to fulfill the creed of Trailblaze.
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Open it up. Quick!
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' Cool your jets. We're opening it now.
:::{{tx}}

:{{tx}}
:After noticing that you got close to a package, Pom-Pom excitedly came over from somewhere else.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Oh, hey there, (Trailblazer)! What's the matter? Are you interested in this package? I bet you are~
:I'm VERY curious.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' I figured you'd be!
:I'm all about conserving my body's finite life force, so I ain't curious.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Your lips are saying you're not curious, but your feet have taken you next to the package.
:What's a Heron Express courier package doing here?
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Do you always fixate on the strange things? Never mind these trivial details~
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Don't you want to know what's inside, (Trailblazer)?
:'''Pom-Pom:''' This is a gift from another Nameless in the cosmos. The Express had received one before. There're many who walk on the Path of Trailblaze. Even if you've never met them, they're good companions of Trailblaze.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' The storage room on the Express still holds plenty of gifts sent by many of the Nameless.
:Other Nameless?
:'''Pom-Pom:''' That's right. Although Akivili is no longer with us, many Nameless continued to hold onto the will of Trailblaze. They stream across the cosmos to fulfill the creed of Trailblaze.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Some of them were once passengers on the Express. Others have never boarded it... But I guarantee you that they're all interesting people. It'll be good if you can meet them one day.
:Open it up. Quick!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Cool your jets. We're opening it now.
:You and Pom-Pom open the package and discover a projection device in the style of a scroll.
:'''Projection Figure:''' Hey! This must be... Conductor Pom-Pom of the Express. It has been a while. And this is...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am (Trailblazer) from the Express Crew.
::'''Projection Figure:''' Ah, you must be (Trailblazer), the famous Trailblazer, yes?
::I am the Galactic Baseballer!
::'''Projection Figure:''' Does being the Galactic Baseballer mean you're really famous? Sorry, I'm not part of your generation.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' This is (Trailblazer), a new member of the Express Crew.
::What an ugly New Year card. I want to return it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am the Galactic Baseballer!
::'''Projection Figure:''' Does being the Galactic Baseballer mean you're really famous? Sorry, I'm not part of your generation.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' This is (Trailblazer), a new member of the Express Crew.
::What an ugly New Year card. I want to return it!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What an ugly New Year card. I want to return it!
:'''Projection Figure:''' Wait! Don't. I'm not a New Year card. And for that matter... what world is celebrating New Year right now?
:'''Pom-Pom:''' This is (Trailblazer), a new member of the Express Crew.
:'''Mag:''' I'm Mag, a former Nameless. I bid you the latest greetings from the distant cosmic past!
:'''Mag:''' A pleasure to meet you, (Trailblazer). Looks like... you are a Nameless that was chosen by the conductor of the Express.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pom-Pom, is there something you've been hiding?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' I didn't! This is a good thing, I think it really suits (Trailblazer).
::I expected a gift, but it looks like another job...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I expected a gift, but it looks like another job...
:'''Pom-Pom:''' This is both the gift and the duty of Trailblaze.
:'''Mag:''' Looks like the conductor hasn't told you what you're supposed to do. Well, ask away. I'll answer your questions.
:{{tx}}
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Mag, a former Nameless?
::'''Mag:''' Yes. If we are talking about Amber Eras, I should be from AE 2150, I believe? It's several Amber Eras away. I've been dead for a long time, so that's why I say I'm a former Nameless... I think I'm right, aren't I?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're someone from hundreds of years ago?
:::'''Mag:''' The cosmos moves in mysterious ways!
:::So who am I talking to?
:::'''Mag:''' I'm Mag's trailblazing will!
:::'''Mag:''' I bet you've probably talked with something like a resonance or a memetic entity before. That's pretty much what I am.
:::'''Mag:''' Let's talk about me later, okay?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So who am I talking to?
:::'''Mag:''' I'm Mag's trailblazing will!
:::'''Mag:''' I bet you've probably talked with something like a resonance or a memetic entity before. That's pretty much what I am.
:::'''Mag:''' Let's talk about me later, okay?
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can I ask what's in it for me?
::'''Mag:''' That face you're making reminds me of some old friends. They were reluctant to work for no pay, too.
::'''Mag:''' As part of the Crew, have you ever been somewhere bitingly cold or blazingly hot?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've visited Jarilo-VI.
:::'''Mag:''' I've heard of Jarilo-VI. But isn't it supposed to be quite a hospitable planet, no?
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' It has become a world blanketed in snow.
:::I've been to some extremely cold places.
:::'''Mag:''' Then this will be easy to explain.
:::'''Mag:''' We could offer an '''insignificant''' blessing for the Trailblaze &mdash; we can give the Nameless just a bit of warmth in the winter wind, or a cool breeze in places of excruciating heat...
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've been to some extremely cold places.
:::'''Mag:''' Then this will be easy to explain.
:::'''Mag:''' We could offer an '''insignificant''' blessing for the Trailblaze &mdash; we can give the Nameless just a bit of warmth in the winter wind, or a cool breeze in places of excruciating heat...
:::{{tx}}
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} And if I refuse?
::'''Mag:''' Looking into your eyes, I can see the incredible Nameless throughout history. I think you'll accept my offer for sure.
::{{tx}}
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you be specific?
::'''Mag:''' In my time, the Cancer of All Worlds was spreading everywhere. The silver rail was blocked, and extreme climate alterations raged to no end... Trailblaze has never been an easy task, and after the fall of the Aeon Akivili, that was more true than ever.
::{{tx}}
::{{tx}}
::{{tx}}
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PerformanceExtendEndBlack"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Package for the Nameless
|zhs  = 寄给无名客的包裹
|zht  = 寄給無名客的包裹
|ja   = ナナシビト宛の荷物
|ko   = 무명객을 위한 소포
|es   = Paquete para los Anónimos
|fr   = Colis pour les Sans Noms
|ru   = Посылка для Безымянных
|th   = พัสดุส่งถึงผู้มาเยือนนิรนาม
|vi   = Gói Đồ Gửi Cho Khách Vô Danh
|de   = Paket für die Namenlosen
|id   = Paket untuk The Nameless
|pt   = Pacote para os Inominados
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
