<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pollution Purification#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4072123
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Pollution Purification.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cloud Knight Captain; Cloud Knights Soldier; Distressed Cloud Knight; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Stargazer Navalia]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Stargazer Navalia
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Pollution Purification''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Talk to the Cloud Knights
# Cleanse the contaminated zone
# Cross the guard zone
# Cleanse the contaminated zone
# Cross the guard zone
# Cleanse the contaminated zone
# Report back to the Cloud Knights

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to the Cloud Knights{{subst:void|<!--407212301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|Talk to the Cloud Knights guarding Stargazer Navalia and see if they need any help.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Touch)
:'''Distressed Cloud Knight:''' Ah... Captain, when will the Stargazer Navalia resume operations? A lot of workers rely on it to make a living. Keeping it blocked off all the time isn't a solution...
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Everyone's antsy. I'm anxious, too. It's not just about the workers. With the Stargazer Navalia sealed, the logistics system on the Luofu will also come to a massive halt. A single day's delay costs tens of millions in losses...
:'''Distressed Cloud Knight:''' I get that we can't spare that many people right now! If only someone had the ability to rush in alone, clean up the contamination, and make it back out in one piece...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I help?
:'''Distressed Cloud Knight:''' ...Hey! Isn't this the hero? Captain, do you still think I'm dreaming? Our savior has come!
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' (Trailblazer)! If you are willing to help, then we really are saved.
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Here's the thing... Stargazer Navalia has to resume production as quickly as possible, but several areas with Ambrosial Arbor pollution have emerged, so we have no other choice but to continue blocking it off.
:'''Distressed Cloud Knight:''' But every department is finding it difficult to spare staff members, but it's an urgent matter... So, if you are able to go in...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No sweat. I'll handle it.
::'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Great! Thank you so much!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All you need to do is give me some money.
::'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Don't mention it. You're the great hero and you deserve it.
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Let me just remind you that the monsters in these polluted areas are connected by some kind of special power. One slip up will alert all of them to your presence.
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Imagine it this way. There are invisible wires everywhere. As soon as you step on one of these wires, those monsters will come rushing in together, forcing you into a tough battle.
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Please take this Diting. (Hands to player.) This was modified by the Artisanship Commission. You will be able to see those invisible wires by using this Diting. That'll allow you to avoid any unnecessary battles.
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' Good luck. Please come back safely. Glory to the Cloud Knights!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cleanse the contaminated zone{{subst:void|<!--407212302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Cleanse all contamination within the area.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cross the guard zone{{subst:void|<!--407212303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Use the Diting to cross the guard zone and try not to alert any enemies.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' There's no pollution here. Leave the monsters to the Cloud Knights. Still, be careful not to trip on any of those "invisible wires."
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cleanse the contaminated zone{{subst:void|<!--407212305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Cleanse all contamination within the area.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cross the guard zone{{subst:void|<!--407212316-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Use the Diting to cross the guard zone and try not to alert any enemies.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cleanse the contaminated zone{{subst:void|<!--407212307-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Cleanse all contamination within the area.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report back to the Cloud Knights{{subst:void|<!--407212308-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|Report back to the Cloud Knights guarding Stargazer Navalia and claim the rewards for cleansing the contamination.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Cloud Knights Soldier:''' Great. This should help Stargazer Navalia resume production quickly.
:'''Distressed Cloud Knight:''' You truly are a hero! A living, breathing hero!
:'''Cloud Knight Captain:''' ...Haha. Don't mind him. He just likes to get worked up. Please take this small token of our appreciation. You deserve it, hero.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pollution Purification
|zhs  = 污染清理
|zht  = 污染清理
|ja   = 汚染処理
|ko   = 오염 청소
|es   = Limpieza de la contaminación
|fr   = Assainissement de la pollution
|ru   = Очистка от загрязнения
|th   = ชะล้างมลภาวะ
|vi   = Xử Lý Sự Ô Uế
|de   = Verschmutzungsreinigung
|id   = Pembersihan Polusi
|pt   = Purificação de Poluição
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
