<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pom-Pom of Many Faces#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8027120
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Pom-Pom of Many Faces.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Pom-Pom; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Pom-Pom of Many Faces''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Chat with Pom-Pom

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Chat with Pom-Pom{{subst:void|<!--802712001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|There seems to be an exclusive space for the conductor in the Party Car. What is that space for? Ask Pom-Pom.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Pom-Pom)
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Passenger (Trailblazer), you arrived just in time! Pom-Pom recently got some new clothes and decided to set up a coatroom here for myself~
:'''Pom-Pom:''' What do you think of this spot?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Perfect!
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Hehe, Pom-Pom think so too. It fits into this corner perfectly!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have other ideas.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Oh? Do you have a better idea for Pom-Pom's Coatroom, Passenger (Trailblazer)?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about placing it in the Parlor Car?
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' How can it be placed in the Parlor Car? Is my changing clothes a sightseeing attraction now?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about placing it in the Archives?
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' Wouldn't that make it Dan Heng's coatroom instead?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about placing it in the cargo carriage?
:::'''Pom-Pom:''' Stop joking around! Pom-Pom has high standards for quality of life!
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Rejected for now! For the moment, this spot still seems the most suitable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't it be placed in your own room?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Hmph, Pom-Pom is the conductor~ The entire train is Pom-Pom's room!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Then, the coatroom placement is decided! Passenger (Trailblazer), since you're here, help Pom-Pom decide what to wear today!

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pom-Pom of Many Faces
|zhs  = 百变帕姆
|zht  = 百變帕姆
|ja   = ファッショニスタ・パム
|ko   = 폼폼 대변신
|es   = Pom-Pom de mil caras
|fr   = Les multiples visages de Pom-Pom
|ru   = Многоликая Пом-Пом
|th   = Pom-Pom ร้อยเล่มเกวียน
|vi   = Pom-Pom Biến Hóa
|de   = Pom-Poms stetige Veränderung
|id   = Pom-Pom Seribu Rupa
|pt   = As Muitas Faces do Pom-Pom
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
