<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Probability, Aesthetics, and Circuits#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8023501
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Probability, Aesthetics, and Circuits.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8023801--> completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Screwllum; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Probability, Aesthetics, and Circuits''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Talk with Screwllum
# Go to the exhibit booth
# Talk with Screwllum
# Go to the blank picture frame

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802350102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|Art is an innate gift. People create it just as naturally as infants call for their mothers.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unused &mdash; EnterDistrict_G303)
:'''Screwllum:''' The experience went smoothly, I assume, {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
::'''Screwllum:''' Even if the wings of butterflies can sway a hurricane, its beauty needs to be adorned with foliage and flora. During your test, I borrowed the Divergent Universe's resources and spruced up (The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand) lobby.
::'''Screwllum:''' From many academic perspectives, art is a perception reserved exclusively for organic life, just like this splendorous dream.
::'''Screwllum:''' In my opinion, even if this concept was borne of a subjective feeling of organic life, the pantheon of art does not discriminate against any of its guests.
::'''Screwllum:''' Suggestion: Use both your hands to arrange these art pieces, to adorn this voyage of the mortal pursuit.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the exhibit booth{{subst:void|<!--802350105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|Revisit the stream of memories and find the treasured instant.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk with Screwllum{{subst:void|<!--802350103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|In thousands upon thousands of trajectories, there is but one upon which we can step.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Screwllum)
:'''Screwllum:''' There are also plenty of painting frames by the art display.
::'''Screwllum:''' Here's another interesting tidbit: The stories you've encountered during the test will be extracted in section by the system, then recorded in the form of a painting.
::'''Screwllum:''' You agree to decide their display placement as you deem fit.
::'''Screwllum:''' These intersecting anecdotes of infinitesimal odds will one day fill this entire art gallery.
::'''Screwllum:''' Assessment: From the analysis of organic life's psychological perspective, the sequence of the art pieces will reflect one's personality and mode of thinking.
::'''Screwllum:''' I very much look forward to the variables that you will generate, and the shape or form in which they may present themselves.
:'''Screwllum:''' I very much look forward to the variables that you will generate, and the shape or form in which they may present themselves.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the blank picture frame{{subst:void|<!--802350104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=(The Radiant Feldspar/The Trailblaze's Stern/The Tatalov/The Soaring Clock Hand)|update|And that which is past will become cherished memories.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Probability, Aesthetics, and Circuits
|zhs  = 概率、美学与回路
|zht  = 機率、美學與迴路
|ja   = 確率、美学、そして回路
|ko   = 확률, 미학 그리고 회로
|es   = Probabilidad, estética y circuitos
|fr   = Probabilité, esthétique et circuits
|ru   = Вероятности, эстетика и схемы
|th   = โอกาส สุนทรียศาสตร์ และวงโคจร
|vi   = Xác Suất, Mỹ Học và Mạch Kín
|de   = Wahrscheinlichkeit, Ästhetik und Schaltkreise
|id   = Peluang, Estetika, dan Sirkuit
|pt   = Probabilidade, Estética e Circuitos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
