<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Requiem Mass#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000116
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Requiem Mass.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Road to Revival]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Not Good With Farewells]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 19
|summary       = Collaborating with the Security Department, you investigated the space station's Stop-Motion Shadow event and discovered that the Wubbaboos were responsible. They asked you to recover Eikura Shuu's relics, which were taken away by the Legion monsters.<br />Although Eikura Shuu has passed away, his memory lives on in the souls of the Wubbaboos...
|characters    = Adler; Anxious Security Department Member; Arlan; Lone Wubbaboo; Timid Security Department Member; Trailblazer; Wubbaboo
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = Road to Revival
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Wubbaboo (Profile Picture)*1 { text = Wubbaboo }; Hertareum*50; Sparse Aether*12; Credit*12,000
}}
'''''Requiem Mass''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Chat with Security Department staff to find out more
# Chat with the researchers
# Follow Adler
# Talk to Adler
# Help the Wubbaboo to deal with the monsters
# Give the belongings to the Wubbaboo
# Head to the designated spot at the storage zone
# Talk to Arlan to find out more
# Snap a photo of Wubbaboos and the monument
# Snap a photo of the giant Wubbaboo
# Snap a photo of two sad Wubbaboos
# Talk to Arlan
# Head to the designated spot at the storage zone

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with Security Department staff to find out more{{subst:void|<!--200011601-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|News about the Stop-Motion Shadow sends the space station wild.<br />The Security Department is investigating the incident. Perhaps you could learn something straight from the horse's mouth?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Chat with the researchers{{subst:void|<!--200011602-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|Security is understaffed, and their director Arlan suggests first interviewing some of the eyewitnesses.<br />During your chat, you gradually come to realize what this Shadow actually is...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Adler{{subst:void|<!--200011606-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|There appears to be a deeper secret behind Adler's strange behavior. You decide to tail him and see what he's getting up to.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''???:''' Woo.
:'''Adler:''' Is everything here? I brought all the things you need too.
:'''Adler:''' After completing your tasks, go back quickly. You already got the attention of the Security Department, so please stop trying to make more problems.
:'''???:''' Woo, woo-whoo!
:'''Adler:''' It just won't work, even if you put on a terrifying look like that. Captain Arlan is the head of the Security Department. And he is also with the hero who helped thwart the Legion's invasion of the space station...
:'''Adler:''' With those two together, even the biggest one among you is no match for them.
:'''???:''' Woooo...
:'''Adler:''' Anyway, take the stuff and leave, quickly.
:'''Arlan:''' Freeze! We've got you surrounded.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Adler{{subst:void|<!--200011607-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|Adler previously said he didn't know where the Wubbaboo was, but he's actually conspiring with it right now.<br />You decide to go up and ask what exactly is going on...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Adler)
:'''Lone Wubbaboo:''' Woo.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So... That's the scary Wubbaboo?
::'''Adler:''' Gah! Both of you adults are so shameless, going out of your way to stalk a kid like me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right, we did.
:::'''Adler:''' Huff, I should've been more careful.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is me outsmarting you.
:::'''Adler:''' Hmph, you adults are only good at one thing, making up excuses for your own actions.
::'''Arlan:''' Adler, what are you and the Wubbaboo conspiring to do? Tell me now, and I promise I won't hold you responsible.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you plotting?
:'''Adler:''' There's no conspiracy. I was just mumbling to myself. Did you hear the Wubbaboo talking?
:'''Arlan:''' It does not speak human languages, and it has no need to because you can understand it &mdash; The little Adler from the Department of Ecology is a master of languages of different species. We are very much aware of that...
:'''Arlan:''' If you insist on being tight-lipped about this, I will have to find the director of the Department of Ecology...
:'''Adler:''' Ugh! Please don't tell Auntie Hinkel about this! I... I'll tell you everything.
:'''Adler:''' After the Wubbaboos escaped, they stayed low-profile in the space station for a long time. And we played together a lot.
:'''Adler:''' However, recently, they have been mobilizing en masse for a certain collective aim... Even this one, my best friend, wanted me to find some things for them &mdash; all of which seem to have a connection with a certain researcher.
:'''Adler:''' I don't know what this is for, but they certainly don't mean to hurt anyone.
:'''Adler:''' I didn't tell anyone because... because everyone in the space station is an adult working on their own research projects. It's so hard to find a playmate, and I don't want them to be recovered just because of some baseless accusations.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I never expected that you had this childlike side to you.
::'''Arlan:''' Um hum, Adler has always acted like an adult. And I was a bit concerned at some point.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Arlan, you should decide whether this should be considered a crime.
::'''Arlan:''' Um, (Trailblazer)... That's one big responsibility you just dumped on me.
:'''Arlan:''' So, as you've already established, the Wubbaboos are mobilizing to work toward "a certain objective," which, I believe, will be the new focus of the Security Department's investigation for now.
:'''Lone Wubbaboo:''' Woo.
:'''Arlan:''' Did it say something?
:'''Adler:''' It says, "I will never reveal our goal."
:'''Adler:''' It also said, "Mind your own business or the Scariest of Us All will eventually come and make your lives difficult!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It said that much with just one sound...?
::'''Adler:''' Mhm. You can rest assured that I translated it faithfully.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe now we should just stay out of this?
::'''Adler:''' Mm, now that it refuses to cooperate, there isn't a thing you can do about it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That thing's threat means nothing to us!
::'''Adler:''' Even so, now that it refuses to cooperate, there isn't a thing you can do about it.
:'''Arlan:''' Tsk, looks like we're stuck in a stalemate.
:'''Arlan:''' If that's the case, my only option is to make a concession by arresting this one for an internal report...
:'''Lone Wubbaboo:''' Woo!
:'''Adler:''' Wait, unless! It says, "If..."
:'''Adler:''' "If you can prove that your intentions are benevolent, I will consider telling you the location of our base."
:'''Arlan:''' It can negotiate, too? So how do we prove our intentions are benevolent then?
:'''Adler:''' As I've mentioned before, they were trying to collect the belongings of a certain researcher named Eikura Shuu.
:'''Adler:''' That researcher's belongings have all been taken away by Legion monsters. All the other Wubbaboos and I have been spending a huge amount of time and effort on retrieving the taken items.
:'''Adler:''' That's why they kept getting photographed. They were so occupied with dealing with difficult opponents that they had no spare energy left to stealth themselves.
:'''Adler:''' If you can help them out, then you're a friend. Otherwise, it still won't tell you a single word, even if you threaten to take its life.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's something fishy about this researcher thing...
::'''Arlan:''' Um hum... Recovering researchers' belongings falls within the Security Department's purview.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Beating up monsters? Leave it to me!
::'''Arlan:''' Um... Taking out the remnants of the Legion also falls within the Security Department's purview.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We can all take a step back.
::'''Arlan:''' Uh... Be it recovering researchers' belongings or taking out Legion remnants, they are both the Security Department's duties.
:'''Arlan:''' Apart from our duties, we can also help with Wubbaboos' request at the same time, which is like killing two birds with one stone.
:'''Arlan:''' Just leave this to (Trailblazer) and me.
:'''Lone Wubbaboo:''' Woo!
:'''Adler:''' It says, "Happy collaborating! My comrades are already present at the scene, just waiting to strike. Hopefully, you will be able to recover Eikura Shuu's belongings as soon as possible."
:'''Adler:''' I'm waiting for your good news.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Help the Wubbaboo to deal with the monsters{{subst:void|<!--200011608-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|A researcher was robbed blind by monsters of the Legion. The Wubbaboo asks you to help retrieve the goods.<br />Getting rid of Legion remnants around the space station is the Security Department's job. You and Arlan both agree to this request.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Arlan:''' What a huge Wubbaboo! The Department of Ecology managed to contain a Curio this size!?

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Arlan:''' What a huge Wubbaboo! The Department of Ecology managed to contain a Curio this size!?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the belongings to the Wubbaboo{{subst:void|<!--200011620-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|You manage to get all of that researcher's belongings back from the Legion monsters.<br />Despite not knowing whether Wubbaboos even have hands, you return the items &mdash; as promised &mdash; back to the Wubbaboo.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Adler)
:'''Lone Wubbaboo:''' Woo.
:'''Adler:''' You're back.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We found three items.
::'''Adler:''' Uh huh! With just one glance, it already knew you had all the things. The little buddy is very impressed. After all, monsters can be quite a challenge to defeat sometimes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That was a pretty satisfying fight.
::'''Adler:''' As expected of you, neither defeating the monster nor finding what Wubbaboos want seemed difficult to you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We saw its huge brethren...
::'''Adler:''' Ahh, you've already seen the Scariest of Them All? Looks like it's gonna be harder to bluff you in the future... Fortunately, you've already gotten all the things they need.
:'''Arlan:''' I'm curious. Why do the Wubbaboos want Researcher Eikura Shuu's belongings?
:'''Adler:''' I don't know. I asked the little buddy before, but it never answered.
:'''Adler:''' According to Wubbaboo's habits, maybe this Eikura Shuu offended them in some way, so they are taking revenge by confiscating his things?
:'''Arlan:''' The name, Eikura Shuu... it feels somehow familiar...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is he the one who reported the specter photos?
::'''Arlan:''' No, I'm very sure there isn't a staff member with that name in the Security Department.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The one who's handling the Protection Net?
::'''Arlan:''' What makes you say that? Do you have information that's not available to us?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Wubbaboo researcher?
::'''Arlan:''' What makes you say that? Have you already seen these documents about him? I guess I missed it out somewhere along the way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know. There might be some clues among the items.
::'''Arlan:''' (Trailblazer) is right. Before handing them over to you, may we go through the items first?
:'''Arlan:''' We ought to have a thorough check after getting our hands on such important evidence...
:'''Arlan:''' Okay, I read through them. According to his letter back home, his diary, and his research report that we have on hand...
:'''Arlan:''' He's just an Ecology researcher with low access clearance, and he once served as a Wubbaboo researcher and caretaker.
:'''Arlan:''' At some point, his research fell through, and he was transferred to handle the space station's Anti-Gravity Protection Net's daily repairs and ionization balance maintenance.
:'''Arlan:''' Before arriving at the space station, he was a one-in-a-million genius on his home planet. But here, his evaluation was extremely low, making his life here a lonely, uninteresting one.
:'''Arlan:''' From his diary, we understand that he felt unfulfilled. But in his letters back home, his mother seems to have high hopes for him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like he has a habit of reporting good news only.
::'''Arlan:''' I agree... Most people who left their homes carry that mindset because they don't want to worry their parents.
::'''Arlan:''' He lied about his status and claimed that Madam Herta gave him high praise and that he was very appreciated by his seniors, all to make his mother proud.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe his misfortune is only temporary.
::'''Arlan:''' Maybe. After all, his diary only records events from before the Legion's invasion.
::'''Arlan:''' When the Protection Net was destroyed, the Wubbaboos escaped, and the two major research projects were halted...
::'''Arlan:''' Maybe he had already changed his research interests and gained a renewed passion.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The grass is always greener on the other side.
::'''Arlan:''' Yeah. Other people see the glory of being employed by the space station, but they don't know the exhaustion people have to endure while on the inside.
::'''Arlan:''' The researchers here are always highly motivated, working themselves like an ever-spinning top, trying so hard just to earn recognition from Madam Herta, or maybe even... a sidelong glance from Nous the Erudition.
::'''Arlan:''' But to achieve all that wouldn't be easy at all. Learning to accept the disparity between expectations and reality is a lesson that everyone here will eventually learn.
:'''Adler:''' So, the belongings that the Wubbaboo wanted me to find belonged to such a researcher. How... unrelatable. After all, I, Adler, have never faced a dilemma such as unsuccessful research.
:'''Lone Wubbaboo:''' Woo!
:'''Adler:''' It just said, "Haven't you looked enough? Pass the items to me, now."
:'''Adler:''' Seeing how you have proven yourselves to be on its side, it now acquiesces in pointing you toward their base of operation, which is at the end of the disposal site.
:'''Adler:''' Remember, only you two are allowed to go there.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the designated spot at the storage zone{{subst:void|<!--200011622-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|It turns out that the Wubbaboo was after possessions the researcher Eikura Shuu had left behind.<br />With the Wubbaboo's approval, it tells you the location of the Wubbaboo stronghold. You and Arlan decide to go investigate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Arlan:''' So many Wubbaboos... They seem to be gathered around something.
:'''Arlan:''' Let's have a look.

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Arlan:''' Look! That thing over there is... the giant Wubbaboo's form.
:'''Arlan:''' The location of the base is correct. We should get there immediately and find out the reason why they are gathering here.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Arlan to find out more{{subst:void|<!--200011623-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|When you reach the end, you and Arlan discover Wubbaboos gathered before their monument.<br />Arlan seems to understand what's going on. Ask him about what is happening.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Arlan)
:'''Arlan:''' So, this is what it is...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, what exactly happened?
::'''Arlan:''' Do you still remember what was written in the ''Observation on Wubbaboo Behavior''?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They put a lot of effort into this.
::'''Arlan:''' That's right. Do you still remember what was written in the ''Observation on Wubbaboo Behavior''?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are so many of them. Let's capture them all!
::'''Arlan:''' Be patient, (Trailblazer). Do you still remember what was written in the ''Observation on Wubbaboo Behavior''?
:'''Arlan:''' What kind of Wubbaboo would... "gather in an empty room"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Happy...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sad...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Angry...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Calm...
:'''Arlan:''' "Sad Wubbaboos will gather in an empty room and share their unhappy thoughts."
:'''Arlan:''' Not only that. The name Eikura Shuu is carved on the memorial stone they are guarding in this room. The carving looks new. It must have been built recently.
:'''Arlan:''' These Wubbaboos were gathering his belongings not to prank their previous caretaker, and not to destroy order on the space station...
:'''Arlan:''' They were... mourning a late friend.
:'''Arlan:''' Looks like this researcher named Eikura Shuu perished during the Legion's invasion... No wonder neither Adler nor I seem to be able to recall the name.
:'''Arlan:''' I didn't think Wubbaboos, the seemingly feral and heartless astral spirits, would cherish friendship more so than the humans do on the space station.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, these little guys don't seem to be that feral.
::'''Arlan:''' Yes, you're right. They are indeed not feral. Come to think of it, they even seem a bit cute.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who says humans don't cherish friendship?
::'''Arlan:''' Hmm, you're right, I shouldn't overgeneralize like this...
:'''Arlan:''' ...which reminds me, we should set up a similar type of memorial site for those who lost their lives under the stampede of the Antimatter Legion, so as to offer condolences on behalf of the station.
:'''Arlan:''' As for Eikura Shuu's memorial stone, I suppose it wouldn't hurt to have it stand here for eternity. With belongings gathered and the memorial stone secured, the ceremony is now complete. The Wubbaboos can now be appeased.
:'''Arlan:''' But... why does it seem that they still have no intention to leave?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's just capture them and bring them back.
::'''Arlan:''' That's a bit too heavy-handed. Lemme think... Oh, I've got an idea.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe there's still something missing?
::'''Arlan:''' What's missing? Lemme think... Oh, I've got it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't we just let them be?
::'''Arlan:''' Shying away from this simply won't do any good to lessen their sorrow. Lemme think... Oh, I've got an idea.
:'''Arlan:''' (Trailblazer), do you know how to take a picture?
:'''Arlan:''' A picture of Wubbaboos gathering in front of the memorial, a picture of the giant Wubbaboo guarding the place by itself, and a picture of a couple of Wubbaboos sharing their grief...
:'''Arlan:''' I hope you can take a few pictures that would fit these descriptions, so we can memorialize them.
:'''Arlan:''' Eternalizing their friendship to make it resilient and enduring... is what I think will truly leave Wubbaboos at peace.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Snap a photo of Wubbaboos and the monument{{subst:void|<!--200011625-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|A commemoration held in order to forget &mdash; Arlan asks you to help snap a photo of Wubbaboos surrounding the monument.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Snap a photo of the giant Wubbaboo{{subst:void|<!--200011626-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Snap a photo of two sad Wubbaboos{{subst:void|<!--200011627-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Arlan{{subst:void|<!--200011628-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|You snap all the photos as per Arlan's request.<br />As the witness to all of this, Arlan seems to have something else to say to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Arlan)
:'''Arlan:''' If we have pictures that we can keep forever, maybe the Wubbaboos can finally fulfill their wish.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The pictures are all done.
:'''Arlan:''' Thank you so much... I didn't expect these little things, which were often mistaken for specters, to have a soft side.
:'''Arlan:''' Looking at these pictures, I think it's time they leave. It all began with this collective goal of theirs. And now that it is finally realized, they should be able to continue living in peaceful coexistence with the staff members.
:'''Arlan:''' But, there is still one last thing.
:'''Arlan:''' This is a small token of appreciation for being such a kind witness to all of this, (Trailblazer). Please take it.
:'''Arlan:''' Adler said that the Wubbaboos prepared a unique blessing just for you, using the special technique of their species.
:'''Arlan:''' From now on, you will be one of the very few who can understand them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are indeed a species full of wonders.
::'''Arlan:''' Um hum, the space station should be the best place for them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are not a bunch of nags, are they?
::'''Arlan:''' ...I can't say, but from what I can see, Adler seems to enjoy having conversations with them just fine.
:'''Arlan:''' As for the humans... and the Wubbaboos, all our lives have to go on.
:'''Arlan:''' However, perhaps in the future, you can drop by more often to have a chat with them... Think of it as a commemoration of this encounter.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the designated spot at the storage zone{{subst:void|<!--200011621-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|It turns out that the Wubbaboo was after possessions the researcher Eikura Shuu had left behind.<br />With the Wubbaboo's approval, it tells you the location of the Wubbaboo stronghold. You and Arlan decide to go investigate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Arlan:''' Look! That thing over there is... the giant Wubbaboo's form.
:'''Arlan:''' The location of the base is correct. We should get there immediately and find out the reason why they are gathering here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Requiem Mass
|zhs  = 安魂弥撒
|zht  = 安魂彌撒
|ja   = レクイエム
|ko   = 위령 미사
|es   = Misa de réquiem
|fr   = Messe de requiem
|ru   = Заупокойная месса
|th   = สู่ความสงบ
|vi   = Lễ Cầu Siêu
|de   = Totenmesse
|id   = Perayaan Massal Arwah
|pt   = Missa de Réquiem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
