<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ring and Stage I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2010701
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ring and Stage I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Not Good With Farewells]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 16
|summary       = You passed the test in the arena and claimed (a portion of) the promised prize money from Scott.
|characters    = Dr. Dig; Scott; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = Ring and Stage II
|rewards       = Credit*15,000
}}
'''''Ring and Stage I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Fight Club and have a chat with Scott
# Talk to Dr. Dig and take the strength test
# Pass the test and ask Scott for the prize money

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Fight Club and have a chat with Scott{{subst:void|<!--201070101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|Dr. Dig, the manager of the Fight Club, sends you a message, saying that his boss is trying to hatch a new business idea.<br />He also mentions "big money." Have a chat with Scott when you have the time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scott)
:'''Scott:''' Hmph, if you're curious, then buy a ticket and see for yourself. If you still can't tell how strong they are, don't blame me.
:'''Scott:''' Not convinced? Then enter the ring and fight a few bouts yourself, and then you'll see.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm way above beating up weaklings.
::'''Scott:''' Ha! You talk cocky, but is that just because you're scared you'll lose?
::'''Scott:''' You don't dare enter the ring, and then you talk all high-and-mighty about my boxers being "weaklings." Am I supposed to feel intimidated?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you trying to trick me into free labor?
::'''Scott:''' Hmph! Young people these days. If it's not to their benefit, count them out... Life is a long journey. You won't make it far if you're this fussy about everything.
:'''Scott:''' Excuse after excuse. Really, you just don't have the courage, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just don't want to fight against ordinary people.
::'''Scott:''' My boxers here aren't just "ordinary people." Only reputed fighters are allowed to step into this club.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to get my hands dirty.
::'''Scott:''' Ha! You've got some nerve.
:'''Scott:''' Ask anyone and you'll learn why my Fight Club is known far and wide across the underground. People don't buy tickets to come watch some unknown amateurs!
:'''Scott:''' You're so confident, huh? It just so happens that we have a few boxers in the club right now who are all eager for some hands-on practice.
:'''Scott:''' I'll give you a nice little reward if you can beat them, just in case you needed any extra incentive.
:'''Scott:''' What do you think? Bold enough to fight a round?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me think about it.
::'''Scott:''' Think about it? According to you, wouldn't they be a piece of cake for you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm in a hurry. I'll make quick work of them.
::'''Scott:''' Hmph. I've seen a lot of overconfident young people like yourself.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Dr. Dig and take the strength test{{subst:void|<!--201070102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Fight Club|update|You accept Scott's invitation to participate in the competition, even though you know this is exactly what he wants. You're curious about the unknown challenge, so you decide to give it a try. Dr. Dig has arranged an opponent for you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Dr. Dig)
:'''Dr. Dig:''' Hey! Ready for a good one now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ready.
::----
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Coming up&mdash; a much anticipated high profile rookie!
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Is {{MC|m=he|f=she}}... a gifted new talent ready to rock the club's new seasonal rankings?
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Or is {{MC|m=he|f=she}}... going beyond {{MC|m=his|f=her}} depth just to get some new scars for a show?
::'''Dr. Dig:''' Let's wait and see what the new rookie has in store for us today! Please welcome&mdash; (Trailblazer)!
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Wait a minute.
:'''Dr. Dig:''' The smoothness of the battle... the suffocating sense of oppression... even the old champs can't do much better! Impressive, most impressive!
:'''Dr. Dig:''' Where are your cheers? Did you not eat? Louder, encore! Applause and cheers to Scott Club's newest rising superstar&mdash; (Trailblazer)!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (... Time to find Scott, I wonder how much is in the prize...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Pass the test and ask Scott for the prize money{{subst:void|<!--201070104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|As you expected, this kind of test is not challenging at all for a skillful person like you. Since you've passed the test in the arena, it's time to ask Scott for the prize money he promised.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Scott)
:'''Scott:''' Hahaha, I was right about you, you're quite a fighter! Green but extraordinary, much better than those boring old farts with fixed routines.
:'''Scott:''' As for the prize money... don't worry, you'll definitely get some, but...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But what?
::'''Scott:''' It's nothing. It's just that there may be a little trouble in the process of securing the funds. No biggie.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cut to the chase. Where's my money?
::'''Scott:''' What's the hurry? Can't you see I'm right here? I ain't going nowhere, don't rush me.
:'''Scott:''' It's just that lately... the boxing gym hasn't exactly been printing money. I can give you some now, but the rest...
:'''Scott:''' How about you do me a favor first? I'm now in need of a special boxer. If you can find one, I'll give you the rest of the money. Easy eh? I promise!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have enough boxers already?
::'''Scott:''' Have you seen those knuckleheads? All they know is to bury their heads and train, getting all dirty and sweaty... They don't know what the audience wants to see.
::'''Scott:''' Audiences want excitement. Excitement! Sensory feast, visual stimuli. I need someone who can stand in the ring and knows what the audience wants!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me?
::'''Scott:''' You think it's about you? Nah. Yes, I may have signed a few boxers, but they know nothing but cliched routines from their training! Any audience with a bit of taste would've already been sick of these clowns.
::'''Scott:''' So what's the point of keeping them around? That's why I sent a message to everyone last month... They can either take a pay cut voluntarily or kiss their sweet butts goodbye.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Calm down...
::'''Scott:''' You don't know what's it like to raise these shameless parasites, everything they eat and use is mine... hmph...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They also have their dreams.
::'''Scott:''' Don't talk about dreams with me. You think audiences care about your dreams? They're just here for a visceral sensory experience, capeesh?
:'''Scott:''' Hmph... In this world, you either lead or die... so it's time for me to start exploring a completely new business model...
:'''Scott:''' By the way, I know you've been to the Fragmentum, so you must've seen those monsters, right? Shaped like a human, wearing special armor...
:'''Scott:''' I'm sure it's easy for you &mdash; just get me a set of that armor and I'll give you the rest of your prize money.
:'''Scott:''' So what are you waiting for? Get moving, the longer you take, the longer I need to feed those parasites. What a filthy waste of money!
:<!--1-second delay-->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ring and Stage I
|zhs  = 拳台即戏台•上
|zht  = 拳台即戲台•上
|ja   = リング即ち舞台である・上
|ko   = 링이 곧 무대•상
|es   = El ring es el escenario I
|fr   = Le ring et la scène I
|ru   = Ринг и сцена I
|th   = เวทีท้าประลอง 1
|vi   = Võ Đài Là Sân Khấu-Thượng
|de   = Ring und Bühne I
|id   = Panggung Tinju Adalah Panggung Pertunjukan 1
|pt   = Arena e Palco I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
