<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Road to Revival#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000131
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Road to Revival.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Road to Revival]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Hinkel; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Storage Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Storage Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*30; Hertareum*50; Sparse Aether*5; Credit*4,000
}}
'''''Road to Revival''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Go to the storage zone and learn about the revival declared by researchers
# Repair the gap and take out the Legion abomination at the end of the path
# Return to the safe zone and report the results to Hinkel

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to the storage zone and learn about the revival declared by researchers{{subst:void|<!--200010111-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|The Storage Zone that once held a variety of Curios has been turned into an emergency safe zone. The chilling shadows of death still linger, and the monsters continue to roam free in the silvery cabin. An exhilarating declaration of revival will be taking place here.<br />There's no time to waste! Your efforts are the firewood that will fuel the flames of revival!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Hinkel)
:'''Hinkel:''' ...What is this? "Battle of intellects is a source of pride. Physical exertion brings shame"? It's complete nonsense! So physical labor doesn't count as work now?
:'''Hinkel:''' Today, I'm gonna show them all what real work is about!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yep, show them!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hear! Hear!
:'''Hinkel:''' All staff present, attention please &mdash; Herta Space Station is undergoing a difficult period of revival.
:'''Hinkel:''' In the battle with the Legion, some of our colleagues were slaughtered by monsters, and their cold bodies were thrown into the silent space.
:'''Hinkel:''' The cyber attack has erased years of research efforts. The damaged Curios are slowly disintegrating in a weightless environment.
:'''Hinkel:''' Everything within sight has been turned into a wasteland, and monsters are still roaming around in our cabins.
:'''Hinkel:''' No matter how many dazzling achievements you have made on your own, we can no longer afford to live like hermits.
:'''Hinkel:''' We need to mobilize every member of our staff, put down our inherent prejudices, and work together to recover the lost Curios and repair the damaged cabins.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So inspiring!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So lame...
::'''Hinkel:''' Silence! If any staff member feels unhappy with this, please air your grievances to me face to face.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
:'''Hinkel:''' If you don't mind, I don't want to hear any more complaints about physical labor, nor do I want to see anyone putting off work.
:'''Hinkel:''' If you are interested in Curio recovery, please report to the Curio Collection Squad under Mr. Wen Mingde in the base zone as soon as possible.
:'''Hinkel:''' Those who are interested in repair work, come to me now to learn the process.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can help with the repairs.
::'''Hinkel:''' Good, good. Are you the young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}} who helped out in the master control zone? I have a special task for you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does everyone have to participate?
::'''Hinkel:''' Every staff member must take responsibility sooner or later. The space station is now in dire need of restoration. I believe we can use everyone's help.
::'''Hinkel:''' I remember you. You are the young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}} who helped out in the master control zone. Great. I have a special task for you.
:'''Hinkel:''' 45 meters out the door from where we are now, there is a major road defect.
:'''Hinkel:''' I've checked, and the small ordnance depot on the other side of the defect is swarming with monsters. I'm afraid ordinary staff won't be able to deal with this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. Just leave it to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like I am the only one...
:'''Hinkel:''' Yes, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|make sure to repair the road and eliminate the monsters at the end of it.}}
:'''Hinkel:''' I have many other matters to attend to. Please report back to me when you finish the task.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Repair the gap and take out the Legion abomination at the end of the path{{subst:void|<!--200010112-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Return to the safe zone and report the results to Hinkel{{subst:void|<!--200010113-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Hinkel)
:'''Hinkel:''' {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, you're back. Let me concentrate and inspect your work.
:'''Hinkel:''' There is a 0.5 ms time delay between the sound reaching both ears, which indicates that the source is in the 3 or 9 o'clock position.
:'''Hinkel:''' The sound is much louder in the left ear, which confirms the 9 o'clock position. That means the monsters in the 3 o'clock position have been eliminated. Good job.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Such an incredible skill!
::'''Hinkel:''' It's just sonar positioning. Nothing to brag about.
::'''Hinkel:''' In the Herta Department of Ecology, we deal with all sorts of cosmic creatures every day. Developing this kind of ability is just part of our training.
::'''Hinkel:''' The staff of Herta Space Station possess many different abilities. After meeting a few of us, you won't be surprised anymore.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't hear anything.
::'''Hinkel:''' You're untrained. It's normal that you can't hear anything. This is a sonar positioning technique that is unique to the space station's Ecology staff.
::'''Hinkel:''' In the Herta Department of Ecology, we deal with all sorts of cosmic creatures every day. Developing this kind of ability is just part of our training.
::'''Hinkel:''' The staff of Herta Space Station possess many different abilities. After meeting a few of us, you won't be surprised anymore.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you just take a look...
::'''Hinkel:''' Hehe, you have a point.
::'''Hinkel:''' I should also reflect on whether I, like so many others, have fallen into the trap of overreliance on Erudition and disregarding the much simpler and perhaps more effective methods.
:'''Hinkel:''' In short, thank you for your contribution to Herta Space Station. This is the reward I managed to secure for you from Lead Researcher Asta. Please take it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you. You seem to care a lot about this place.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No need to reward me for such a minor good deed.
::'''Hinkel:''' I disagree. All these minor acts of kindness are precisely what make the reconstruction possible.
:'''Hinkel:''' Back when I was an unknown researcher, I was told by the first group of people who worked on the construction of Herta Space Station, "This universe is never friendly. Rather, it is vast and dark."
:'''Hinkel:''' In this vast universe, there are countless pairs of eyes staring at the space station, with various intentions.
:'''Hinkel:''' Some covet its Curios, while others envy its neutrality and freedom.
:'''Hinkel:''' Others despise it or see it as a chess piece that can be destroyed and trampled on at will.
:'''Hinkel:''' Perhaps we researchers are the only ones who understand the joy, sadness, epiphany, and companionship that it has brought us.
:'''Hinkel:''' Which is why it is up to us to give everything we have to protect it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Road to Revival
|zhs  = 复兴之路
|zht  = 復興之路
|ja   = 復興の路
|ko   = 부흥의 길
|es   = El camino del renacimiento
|fr   = La route vers la renaissance
|ru   = Дорога возрождения
|th   = เส้นทางแห่งความรุ่งเรือง
|vi   = Con Đường Phục Hưng
|de   = Weg zur Wiederbelebung
|id   = Jalan Kebangkitan
|pt   = Estrada para o Renascimento
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
