<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Seeking Savant#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4015404
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Seeking Savant.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[A Fugue From Beyond]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Chess Fan From Fanghu; Chess Fan From Yaoqing; Chess Fan From Zhuming; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Skysplitter]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Skysplitter
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Seeking Savant''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Head toward the Skysplitter's lower deck to speak with the player from the Yaoqing
# Complete puzzles and claim all rewards
# Speak with the player from the Fanghu
# Complete puzzles and claim all rewards
# Speak with the player from the Zhuming
# Complete puzzles and claim all rewards
# Speak with the player from the Zhuming

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Head toward the Skysplitter's lower deck to speak with the player from the Yaoqing{{subst:void|<!--401540401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|Lovers of "Pathfinder" took advantage of the Wardance excitement and organized a large-scale event on the Skysplitter. It wouldn't hurt to see what it's about.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Yaoqing)
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' {{Size|28|(Trailblazer), please wait a moment!}}
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' You're finally here! Oh, you don't know how long I've been waiting for this! So, when shall we start?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huh? Who are you?
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Me? I'm just your average "Pathfinder" enthusiast. My name won't ring a bell with most people. You, on the other hand, are a legend in the community!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You know me?
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' You're a big name in the community. Everyone that plays "Pathfinder" recognizes you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Start? Start what?
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Oh, you're such a jokester, (Trailblazer). I'm talking about "Pathfinder," of course! Nobody else in the Xianzhou plays it better than you, after all.
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Wait... Don't tell me that guy from the Divination Commission didn't tell you about our event?
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Sheesh, I gave him a pass for being bad at chess, but he can't even do this simple task, right? I'm kicking him from the community when I get back.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He told me, but I forgot about it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He didn't tell me anything.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You folks bully people in your community?
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' My apologies for the mix-up. As amends, why don't I introduce the event to you again?
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Those of us in the community may think the world of "Pathfinder" as a game, but if you look at the gaming market as a whole, you'll find that "Pathfinder" ultimately remains a niche game. Why do you think that is?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Because it's too easy.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Impossible! Did Hexanexus raise their difficulty? They're attracting more players than us.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Because the community atmosphere is poor.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' This is a mind-training game. People always say, "Those with high IQs have low EQs." We are a high-IQ gaming community, so of course the atmosphere would suck.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The players suck at the game.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' You shouldn't make such a bold claim! It's important to reflect on ourselves more and not blame players when we aren't making good games!
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' But the crux of the problem is that the community lacks an opinion leader. If you look at ''Celestial Jade'', you'll see that Qingque is their role model for the average person working a wage.
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' What about ''Aetherium Wars''? Well, they have Silver Wolf. As someone wanted by the IPC, her name is known across the cosmos &mdash; even if it's in infamy.
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' But ''"Pathfinder"''? We don't even have a single prominent player to our name, except for...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...The Chess Ghost.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Heliobi? Just forget about 'em! Don't let the iron fist of the Ten-Lords Commission chew us out again...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...You.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Me? Haha, I'm not even important enough to have an actual name.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Except me.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' I like geniuses with self-awareness like you.
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' It's you! The fearless Trailblazer, the fame-forgoing altruistic Nameless, the batter who shakes the cosmos, and the custodian of urban cleanliness!
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' In short, you're the "Pathfinder" community's only hope. If you play Pathfinder in a busy place like the Skysplitter, you're sure to draw attention to the game.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, but my match is about to start.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's too embarrassing to play in front of so many people.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's in it for me?
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Wait, don't be so hasty. Now, if you'll look over here...
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' It isn't much, but they're all yours once the deed is done.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are we waiting for? Let's get started.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a ruthless gambit. I can't say no now, can I?
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Let me know when you're ready. I'll set up the chessboard for you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need a moment to get ready.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' I'll be waiting for you here with the chest.
::{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete puzzles and claim all rewards{{subst:void|<!--401540402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Complete the "Pathfinder" puzzle prepared by the Yaoqing player for you and claim the reward that belongs to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Yaoqing)
:'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' Welcome back, (Trailblazer). Would you like another game of "Pathfinder"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's play!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need a moment to get ready.
::'''Chess Fan From Yaoqing:''' I'll be waiting for you here with the chest.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the player from the Fanghu{{subst:void|<!--401540408-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Lovers of "Pathfinder" took advantage of the Wardance excitement and organized a large-scale event on the Skysplitter. It wouldn't hurt to see what it's about.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Fanghu)
:'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' My jade abacus is vibrating violently! A "Pathfinder" pro must be nearby!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's another pro besides me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your jade abacus might be broken.
:'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' You must be (Trailblazer). My apologies, but I unfortunately can't see you because of an eye affliction.
:'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' Through the vibrations of my jade abacus, however, I can tell that you must be a prodigious chess master. It's no wonder you're one of the best "Pathfinder" players.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you play if you can't see?
::'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' When the Reignbow closes a door, THEY open a window. My eyes may have failed, but my ears are particularly sharp. I can play simply by discerning the pieces' locations by sound.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's going on with your jade abacus?
::'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' This jade abacus is embedded with a program that can detect a person's chess proficiency when they speak. The higher the speaker's chess proficiency, the more violent its vibrations. That being so, I'd be grateful if you could hold your tongue a little &mdash; I'm afraid you'll break it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not the best player?
::'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' Regrettably, a player from the Zhuming whose skills are comparable to yours will also be participating this time. However, I'm confident that you'll take the top spot once you can solve this game I've set up.
:'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' Ah, but I digress. Shall we start the game?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need a moment to get ready.
::'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' Sure. The title of Grandmaster will always be here for the taking.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete puzzles and claim all rewards{{subst:void|<!--401540409-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Complete the Pathfinder puzzle prepared by the Fanghu player for you and claim the reward that belongs to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Fanghu)
:'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' Are you ready? Let's resume playing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's play!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need a moment to get ready.
::'''Chess Fan From Fanghu:''' Sure. The title of Grandmaster will always be here for the taking.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the player from the Zhuming{{subst:void|<!--401540415-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Lovers of "Pathfinder" took advantage of the Wardance excitement and organized a large-scale event on the Skysplitter. It wouldn't hurt to see what it's about.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Zhuming)
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' (Trailblazer)! Where do you think you're going? Come and face me! We'll see which one of us is more qualified to lead the "Pathfinder" community.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wasn't going anywhere.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you yelling?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is everyone in the community this high-strung?
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' For three centuries have I dominated the Pathfinder community, trouncing more opponents than hairs have fallen off my scalp. Yet here you are, a young upstart trying to steal my thunder!
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Do you truly believe yourself qualified to lead the community just because you lucked out and won a few chess games?
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Hmph! You'd best remember this: If you lose to me today, you're forbidden from ever playing "Pathfinder" again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if I win?
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Hah, that will never happen.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't even want to play.
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Why, you little... You'd blaspheme against our greatest, most sacred, and most delightful "Pathfinder"!? Mark my words: I shall see you utterly defeated today!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll win this game. I want that chest!
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' You're playing for such a contemptible reason? I knew you weren't worthy of being our thought leader!
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Alright, let's cut the chatter. Prepare yourself for judgment!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bring it on.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need a moment to get ready.
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Hah, prepare all you want, but you'll never win.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complete puzzles and claim all rewards{{subst:void|<!--401540416-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Complete the "Pathfinder" puzzle prepared by the Zhuming player for you and claim the reward that belongs to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Zhuming)
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Are you ready? Let's resume playing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bring it on.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I need a moment to get ready.
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Hah, prepare all you want, but you'll never win.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with the player from the Zhuming{{subst:void|<!--401540422-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Skysplitter|update|Even a seasoned player who had been facing opponents for three hundred years wasn't your match. Seems like you are the undisputed winner of the title "Strongest Player."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Chess Fan From Zhuming)
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' I&mdash;Impossible! Everything I've learned over three hundred years of chess playing, I've put into these puzzles, yet you solved them so easily!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Three hundred years, and that's the best you could do?
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Haha, go ahead and mock me! I'll go into seclusion for training. Let's battle again after three hundred years!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Those were some clever puzzles.
::'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' No need to comfort me! I'll go into seclusion for training. Let's battle again after three hundred years!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, where is my chest?
:'''Chess Fan From Zhuming:''' Take your treasure chest and leave. But remember, fortunes change over three centuries, so don't underestimate the youth!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Seeking Savant
|zhs  = 寻圣
|zht  = 尋聖
|ja   = 尋聖
|ko   = 천재를 찾아서
|es   = Búsqueda del paradigma
|fr   = Poursuite du génie
|ru   = Мудрец-искатель
|th   = เสาะแสวงนักบุญ
|vi   = Thánh Tìm Đường
|de   = Heilige Suche
|id   = Pencarian Suhu, Bukan Cupu
|pt   = Busca Pelo Sábio
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
