<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shadow of the Ranger#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8026301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Shadow of the Ranger.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Shadow of the Ranger
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Continuance]] ''[[Battles Without Ninja and Humanity]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Contract Robot; Geed; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Shadow of the Ranger''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Shadow of the Ranger]] event.

==Steps==
# Speak with Geed and ask her what she needs from you

==Dialogue==
===Speak with Geed and ask her what she needs from you{{subst:void|<!--802630101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|Geed, a researcher from the Department of Implement Arts, wants to see you for something. You're quite not sure what she wants you to do this time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You were looking for me?
:'''Geed:''' Yes yes, I was. My wait is finally over. I heard that the Astral Express traveled to Penacony before? I've been meaning to ask you about some matters.
:'''Geed:''' ...You heard of an interstellar cowboy named Boothill?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course, that's an old friend of mine.
::'''Geed:''' Wow, you're so cool, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}! But you should probably forget about this exchange outside the space station &mdash; you don't want to run into any future trouble.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Heard of him, don't really know him.
::'''Geed:''' Okay... I hear his bounty is still going up. If you've seen him, you can probably get quite a hefty reward. Ah, what a pity...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Many have been asking about him...
::'''Geed:''' Your memory's quite something, eh, heh-heh... I knew it, a special assignment from the IPC, definitely a grand opportunity off the beaten path, oh so precious...
:'''Geed:''' All right. I'll stop trying to bait you. Everyone's been trying to find his whereabouts. Just a little while ago, I heard some guys went to Penacony to try their luck in catching him.
:'''Geed:''' Bah, this Boothill certainly does know how to stir up a sandstorm &mdash; he hired a whole horde of lackeys... It was sheer, unmitigated chaos.
:'''Geed:''' Good thing my big bro Wen Shiqi is smart. Like he always says: "The more chaotic a situation is, the greater the chance of us profiting." I heard you recently went to Penacony too, so I contracted a special assignment with him.
:'''Geed:''' This assignment is to collect all recent intel related to Boothill on Penacony, and then filter out all unrelated information. Which is why we need a bold and astute person who can freely enter and exit Penacony to do this &mdash; I thought you'd be perfect for this job.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's your commission?
::'''Geed:''' Zero. I mainly wish to broaden my network, not try to make any money off you. Lead Researcher Asta also warned us that we aren't allowed to take advantage of you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Betraying a Galaxy Ranger violates the code of justice...
::'''Geed:''' Don't worry. With such a grand bounty on Boothill, I doubt he's in any actual peril. That lot most likely can't subdue him, and we're just making nickels on the dime here.
:'''Geed:''' Okay, I've just sent you the details on the terminal. You can pour over the file on your own &mdash; it's not wise to be so ostentatious in the space station.
:;(Open [[Shadow of the Ranger/Assignments|Assignments]] menu)

;(Talk to Geed again, optional)
:'''Geed:''' Shh, you shouldn't breathe a word about this special assignment. Just keep it to ourselves and make bank, otherwise people are going to say that our department's goofing off again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shadow of the Ranger
|zhs  = 游侠谜影
|zht  = 遊俠謎影
|ja   = レンジャーの影
|ko   = 레인저의 그림자
|es   = Sombra del Vigilante
|fr   = Ombre du Ranger
|ru   = Тень рейнджера
|th   = เงาผู้กล้าปริศนา
|vi   = Ảo Ảnh Cảnh Binh
|de   = Schatten des Rangers
|id   = Bayangan Ranger
|pt   = Sombra do Vigia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
