<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8020207
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Carry out the smuggling operation with the clock informer

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:With Brother Hanu's permission, you and your companions smuggle crates of SoulGlad into the neighboring prison block.
:The sweetness of the soda lifts the spirits of the inmates &mdash; as if they can see the light in the darkness...
:The SoulGlad smuggling operation lasted for six months, with a daily tug-of-war between the prisoners and the guards. Newly acquired SoulGlad was snatched away before consumed, filling the cell with the sounds of cursing and pleading.
:Just like that, the feeling of displeasure in the neighboring division reaches an all-time high. A spark is all it needs to erupt...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Carry out the smuggling operation with the clock informer{{subst:void|<!--802020701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II|update|Inmates from many areas have never tasted SoulGlad. Brother Hanu decides to use SoulGlad to assist these inmates, turning them into companions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:After another batch of SoulGlad is destroyed, the inmates see red.
:Following the first cry of rebellion, the other inmates respond enthusiastically. The number of violent incidents in the prison skyrockets, plunging the entire division into pandemonium...
:You and your team take advantage of the chaotic situation to invite the prisoners, and the number of rebels grows rapidly. Everyone's desire for freedom and a better life has been awakened.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shallow "Dream Ticker" Difficulty II
|zhs  = 浅层「梦境迷钟」难度II
|zht  = 淺層「夢境迷鐘」難度II
|ja   = 表層夢境「夢境の迷い時計」難易度II
|ko   = 얕은 층 「꿈세계 시계」 난이도 II
|es   = Minutero onírico superficial, dificultad&nbsp;II
|fr   = Surface&nbsp;: «&nbsp;Horloge des rêves&nbsp;» difficulté&nbsp;II
|ru   = Верхний мир: Ходики Мира грёз II
|th   = "นาฬิกาในห้วงฝัน" ชั้นตื้น ระดับความยาก II
|vi   = "Đồng Hồ Mộng Mị" Tầng Cạn - Độ Khó II
|de   = Seicht „Traumuhr“ Schwierigkeitsgrad II
|id   = "Jam Dunia Mimpi" yang Dangkal: Tingkat Kesulitan II
|pt   = "Relógio Onírico" Raso Dificuldade II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
