<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8020213
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Brother Hanu; Brother Hanu's Lackey; Trailblazer; Your Cellmate
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Adjust the path and drive the Spheroid to escape

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:You and your cellmate stealthily run along the prison corridors, narrowly avoiding guard after guard...
:Some time has passed, and the harbor leading to the rendezvous point finally comes into view &mdash; To the surprise of no one, the lane has already been destroyed.
:You know that, once you break through this final blockade, you and your cellmate will be able to reunite with the main group.

;(Talk to Brother Hanu)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Adjust the path and drive the Spheroid to escape{{subst:void|<!--802021304-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II|update|The prison wardens have destroyed the Spheroid lane. You have to manually reroute the course to repair the lanes, or you'll never be able to reunite with your companions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Brother Hanu)



;(Talk to Brother Hanu)
:The Spheroid reaches the end of its track. Hanu, one of the most famous figures in Dreamville, is twitching his big nose to welcome you.
:'''Brother Hanu:''' *Hmph*
:Hanu lets out a snort in an attempt to sound cool. He seems to know very well how to behave to come across as a big shot.
:'''Brother Hanu's Lackey:''' Boss Hanu appreciates you two for providing cover for us. Everyone has made it out safely.
:'''Brother Hanu's Lackey:''' Next, we plan to free the prisoners from other divisions and take them in to expand our team. Perhaps, we can break free from our chains for good one day.
:'''Brother Hanu's Lackey:''' Let's work hard together for a better Dreamville!
:'''Your Cellmate:''' We made it! Look, it's Boss Hanu! He's here to pick us up!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty II
|zhs  = 浅层「气泡弹珠」难度II
|zht  = 淺層「氣泡彈珠」難度II
|ja   = 表層夢境「バブルピンボール」難易度II
|ko   = 얕은 층 「버블 핀볼」 난이도 II
|es   = Burbupinball superficial, dificultad&nbsp;II
|fr   = Surface&nbsp;: «&nbsp;Flipper à bulles&nbsp;» difficulté&nbsp;II
|ru   = Верхний мир: Сферомёт II
|th   = "พินบอลหรรษา" ชั้นตื้น ระดับความยาก II
|vi   = "Bi Bong Bóng" Tầng Cạn - Độ Khó II
|de   = Seicht „Flipperkugel“ Schwierigkeitsgrad II
|id   = "Pinball Gelembung" yang Dangkal: Tingkat Kesulitan II
|pt   = "Pinball de Bolha" Raso Dificuldade II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
