<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8020224
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Your Cellmate
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Adjust the path and drive the Spheroid to escape
# Reroute and transport the Spheroid to its destination
# Adjust the path and drive the Spheroid to escape

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Adjust the path and drive the Spheroid to escape{{subst:void|<!--802022401-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
:'''Your Cellmate:''' Hey, you need to snap out of it.
:'''Your Cellmate:''' You're moving too slowly. The car... I mean, the spheroid is all set. Everyone else has left, and we should catch up soon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where am I?
::'''Your Cellmate:''' The Dreamville prison. Do you actually think you're already a free man?
::Where are we heading?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where are we heading?
:'''Your Cellmate:''' We're breaking out of prison. Do you actually think you're already a free man?
:'''Your Cellmate:''' A week ago, Boss Stone became the Prison Warden and listed SoulGlad as contraband. You flipped out over that decision so much that you kept punching the air and nearly broke the chandelier.
:'''Your Cellmate:''' We decided to teach them a lesson at that time. Now, the best opportunity has come.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ha, I got it! You're now doing the exposition!
::'''Your Cellmate:''' What exposition? There's something off about you today. Forget it...
::Whoever prohibited SoulGlad must be the bad guy!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Whoever prohibited SoulGlad must be the bad guy!
:'''Your Cellmate:''' Exactly! That's why we decided to get out of this place.
:'''Your Cellmate:''' The bad news is that the prison guards have just damaged the track. We need to fix it manually to proceed.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Reroute and transport the Spheroid to its destination{{subst:void|<!--802022403-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I|update|The wardens have destroyed the Spheroid lane. You have to manually reroute the course to repair the lanes and reconnect the various prison blocks.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Adjust the path and drive the Spheroid to escape{{subst:void|<!--802022402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I|update|You did it! It's time to hug your cellmate and rejoice in the fact that you survived.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shallow "Bubble Pinball" Difficulty I
|zhs  = 浅层「气泡弹珠」难度I
|zht  = 淺層「氣泡彈珠」難度I
|ja   = 表層夢境「バブルピンボール」難易度I
|ko   = 얕은 층 「버블 핀볼」 난이도 I
|es   = Burbupinball superficial, dificultad&nbsp;I
|fr   = Surface&nbsp;: «&nbsp;Flipper à bulles&nbsp;» difficulté&nbsp;I
|ru   = Верхний мир: Сферомёт I
|th   = "พินบอลหรรษา" ชั้นตื้น ระดับความยาก I
|vi   = "Bi Bong Bóng" Tầng Cạn - Độ Khó I
|de   = Seicht „Flipperkugel“ Schwierigkeitsgrad I
|id   = "Pinball Gelembung" yang Dangkal: Tingkat Kesulitan I
|pt   = "Pinball de Bolha" Raso Dificuldade I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
