<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8020222
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dr. Edward; Trailblazer; Your Cellmate
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Ask your cellmate about the plan
# Use the TV and cheer Brother Hanu on
# Control the rockets and turn into lightning
# Find the passkey controlling the prison

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:Ever since Brother Hanu used SoulGlad to rope in prisoners from several areas, your team has been getting stronger and stronger by the day.
:The prison warden, Boss Stone, is shocked by this. He recalls all the prison guards and seals all the paths in the rebel sectors with sturdy iron gates. He probably intends to just starve you all to death.
:In response to this situation, your companions appear to have hatched a plan...

;(Talk to Your Cellmate)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask your cellmate about the plan{{subst:void|<!--802022201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I|update|Your companions seem to have figured out how to break through the barricade &mdash; Go ask your cellmate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Your Cellmate)
:'''Your Cellmate:''' Hey, buddy. I have good news and bad news. Let me tell you the good one first.
:'''Your Cellmate:''' Thanks to that unusual move we pulled off earlier, we've taken over half of the prison in Dreamville. Boss Stone and his underlings can never take us back to the prison again.
:'''Your Cellmate:''' The bad news is, they are still in control of the prison system. The production facilities in our divisions have stopped operating, and all the exits have been blocked by quarantine gates. If this goes on, we won't be able to hold on for much longer...
:'''Your Cellmate:''' We need someone to sneak through the vent into the storage room located in the other half of the prison and find the key to the prison system. Obviously, Hanu is the best candidate for this mission.
:'''Your Cellmate:''' But even a hero like him isn't invincible and can't deal with all the guards by himself. We need to channel the Dreamscape energy to him through the television.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like the plot has just jumped the shark...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine, I'll Do It Myself.
:'''Dr. Edward:''' (After all, first-hand experience is what a dream bubble is all about. If Hanu does all the work, then there will be very little playable content in this dream bubble.)
:'''Dr. Edward:''' (I recommend you try the "Hanu's Adventure" stage in this dream bubble. The stage is very well-designed!)
:'''Your Cellmate:''' Anyway, I'll go ahead and help Brother Hanu. You should hurry along.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the TV and cheer Brother Hanu on{{subst:void|<!--802022204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I|update|Brother Hanu needs everyone's help to accomplish this mission... It may sound crazy, but it's actually really effective.<br />Now, face the TV and cheer &mdash; What else is there to do in the dream bubble?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; TV_Open)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RequestGroupStateChange",
	"TargetState": 1
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Control the rockets and turn into lightning{{subst:void|<!--802022206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I|update|Are some places out of reach? Brother Hanu has already found a solution! <br />If you turn into lightning, you'll be able to teleport to any distance with a "swoosh."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the passkey controlling the prison{{subst:void|<!--802022202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I|update|Brother Hanu must find the passkey that controls the prison's computer, which can unlock the door that blocks the passageway.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Screen fades to black)
:'''Dr. Edward:''' (The key is hidden on that origami bird! How unexpected!)
:'''Dr. Edward:''' (There seem to be many keys like this. I should probably collect them all.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Shallow "Hanu's Adventure" Difficulty I
|zhs  = 浅层「小小哈努行动」难度I
|zht  = 淺層「小小哈努行動」難度I
|ja   = 表層夢境「ちびっ子ハヌの大作戦」難易度I
|ko   = 얕은 층 「꼬마 하누의 작전」 난이도 I
|es   = Aventura de Hanu superficial, dificultad&nbsp;I
|fr   = Surface&nbsp;: «&nbsp;Aventures de Hanu&nbsp;» difficulté&nbsp;I
|ru   = Верхний мир: Приключения Хану I
|th   = "ปฏิบัติการของลูกพี่ Hanu" ชั้นตื้น ระดับความยาก I
|vi   = Cuộc Phiêu Lưu Của Hanu Tầng Cạn - Độ Khó I
|de   = Seicht „Hanus Abenteuer“ Schwierigkeitsgrad I
|id   = "Petualangan Hanu" yang Dangkal: Tingkat Kesulitan I
|pt   = "Aventuras de Hanu" Raso Dificuldade I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
