<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2020104
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Venom Brews, Immortality Looms]]'' completed
* {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 2020106--> completed
|summary       = Dan Shu, the chief alchemist of the Alchemy Commission... or rather, the Master Primus of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, has fled. What are your thoughts on this "friend" of yours?<br />By the way, Dan Shu's title "Chief Alchemist of the Alchemy Commission" is quite a mouthful.
|characters    = Arrogant Kid; Dan Shu; Food Stall Owner; Hateful Kid; Hateful Kid & Mean Kid; Kang Tu; Little Girl; Mean Kid; Qingzu; Trailblazer; Xingxue; Yinshu
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Artisanship Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Artisanship Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*600; Stellar Jade*80; Refined Aether*3; Credit*25,000
}}
'''''Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Check Dan Shu's message
# Speak with Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum and learn about the Draught of Draconic Surge
# Head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and pass Dan Shu's report to Qingzu
# Talk to Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum and listen to her request
# Find the little girl at the Exalting Sanctum and hand her the medicine
# Report to Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum
# Head to the Artisanship Commission with Dan Shu and find the little girl
# Go to the Spare Time Book Shop and wait for Dan Shu's message
# Talk to Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum and accept her gift
# Head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and report to Qingzu
# Find clues of Dan Shu's whereabouts in the Exalting Sanctum
# Find clues of Dan Shu's whereabouts in the Artisanship Commission
# Head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and report to Qingzu
# Find clues of Dan Shu's whereabouts in the Artisanship Commission

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Check Dan Shu's message{{subst:void|<!--202010401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|The incident seems to have come to an end for now, but the matter with the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus is far from over. That genius chief alchemist in the Alchemy Commission is still looking into the Draught of Draconic Surge's pharmacology for you, but has delivered no findings so far. Better to leave the Artisanship Commission for now and wait for further contact in town.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum and learn about the Draught of Draconic Surge{{subst:void|<!--202010402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Dan Shu's study into the Draught of Draconic Surge managed to yield some information. She definitely deserves her title of being a genius chief alchemist, the breadth of her knowledge was jaw-droppingly vast.<br />Hand Dan Shu's report to Qingzu, she must need the report as quickly as possible.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Pharmacological Studies on the Draught of Draconic Surge|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Dan Shu)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 101.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Ah, you're back. From the sound of your stride, I sense you're in good spirits.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've got that right.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 102.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Many who undertake the far-reaching journey to the Xianzhou are weighed down by a heavy heart and exhaustion... but your steps are bold and steady - a stride worthy of a Nameless.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can tell just by listening?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 103.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' A persons's footfall reveals a lot about their strength and emotions &mdash; much like how a person's breath may serve as an indication of their overall health.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your ears are really sharp!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 104.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I wouldn't be envious. This is not an innate ability &mdash; merely compensation for my visual impairment. Ultimately, nothing I hear or smell can match the vividness of the colors that you perceive.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 105.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Let's get down to business... I analyzed the prescription you procured: The Draught of Draconic Surge. Now that I have a preliminary conclusion, it needs to be delivered to the Seat of Divine Foresight.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is the conclusion?
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 106.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The conclusion... Put simply, I don't believe that the Draught of Draconic Surge holds the cure to the mara. Even in the foreseeable future, there will likely not be any such cure.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 107.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I've compiled the details into a written analysis. If you're interested, feel free to take a look.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 108.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' This is a copy of "Pharmacological Studies on the Draught of Draconic Surge." If the chief counselor wants to see it urgently, I'll have to ask you to deliver it for me.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and pass Dan Shu's report to Qingzu{{subst:void|<!--202010403-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Lose {{Item|Pharmacological Studies on the Draught of Draconic Surge|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Qingzu)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 101 f.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' (Trailblazer), you're back. Anything you wanted to share?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The prescription from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 102.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Wow, even for those alchemists, that was fast.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was Dan Shu who figured it out.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 103.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Dan Shu? Wait &mdash; why would the Alchemy Commission's chief alchemist be away from her post?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 104.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I've heard that the chief alchemist is visually impaired &mdash; she rarely leaves the Alchemy Commission delve. She has a vast knowledge and expertise &mdash; no wonder she was able to analyze the pharmacology so quickly.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 105.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Let me see her report...
::----
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 106.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' No cure? Tsk, where did these villains get their hands on such a complex prescription? This is infuriating...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 107 f.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Still, this is a clue we can follow. Thank you, (Trailblazer). Please accept these gifts for your efforts.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've already rewarded me.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 108.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Those were rewards from the Seat of Divine Foresight &mdash; these are gifts from me, personally. You've done so much for the Luofu... for the Xianzhou. This is the least I could do.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're being too polite.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 109.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Please, take them. You've done so much for the Luofu... for the Xianzhou. This is the least I could do.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you~
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 110.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Please, take them. You've done so much for the Luofu... for the Xianzhou. This is the least I could do.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMessage",
	"MessageSectionID": 1213001,
	"ShowNotice": true
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 111.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' (A strange prescription and a sudden loss of communication with the Alchemy Commission delve... It seems there's more going on than meets the eye.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum and listen to her request{{subst:void|<!--202010405-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus incident seems to be behind you. However, Dan Shu has some other matter requiring your help.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|A Medicine Concocted by Dan Shu|20|x=1}})

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
----
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 102.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Aw, little miss lady, can't see ahead, can't see right, can't see left, heads to the east, ends up west! Hahaha!
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 102.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' She's stuck, hehe! She can't get down!
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 102.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hey, what you looking at, outworlder? Mind your own business!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop it!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 103.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' What's this gotta do with you? You her family or something? Cause you don't look like it. Hmph, you're just trying to be a hero. You sure you wanna mess with the Luofu Trio?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is this "Luofu Trio"?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 103.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Hahahaha! What a doofus! Who hasn't heard of the Luofu Trio?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 103.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' The Luofu Trio is made up of two &mdash; uh... th&mdash;three super awesome kids that everyone's afraid of! Even the Realm-Keeping Commission!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll call the Realm-Keeping Commission over then.
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 104.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Go ahead! You think we're scared of you? They'll just put us in detention &mdash; we'll be free again in no time...
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 104.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' *sigh* Let's leave it, Boss. Detention's detention, but if your dad finds out, you'll get yelled at and start crying again...
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 105.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hey! Why'd you bring that up... Hmph, you're right, we shouldn't stoop to this short-lifer's level.
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 104.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Did you hear that? The boss is letting you off the hook, so scram!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 105.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Yeah, the boss doesn't wanna stoop to your level. Now buzz off, before he yells at you and makes you cry!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 106.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' You idiot! Enough about yelling and crying!
::::{{Black Screen|While the three run away provokingly, you take the chance to lead the girl away from this site of conflict.}}
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I join the Luofu Trio?
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 106.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' You think you can join the Luofu Trio just because you feel like it?
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 105.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' It's called a trio, which means only two &mdash; uh... th&mdash;three people are allowed! D&mdash;Don't you know how to count?
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 107.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Haha, look, this short-lifer wants to join us!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 107.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' You don't even know our rules! *clears throat* Section one &mdash; no making friends outside the Trio! No boyfriends or girlfriends! All members must devote their youth to the Trio!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 106.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Number two &mdash; earning pocket money through chores is forbidden &mdash; all sources of income must be "voluntary" donations from other kids!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 108.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Number three, no making friends with grown-ups &mdash; except your mom and dad. You must fight against all grown-up forces to the end!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 108.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Number four, the boss never cries. Sure, his dad might yell at him sometimes, and the lyceum abecedaries like to make him stand in the hallway, but those are tears of strength &mdash; not weakness!
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 109.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hey! Since when did we have a number four!?
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 110.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Ahem, ignore that last one... If you really, truly wanna join the Luofu Trio, we might be able to make an exception... But tell me, what can you bring to the table?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a couple of snacks...
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 109.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Snacks? Not bad, let's see them.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 107.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Fickle outworlder, you think you can bribe the Luofu Trio with a couple snacks? Think again!
:::::You produce two packs of snacks close to their best-by date and give them to the Luofu Trio.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 111.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Shh, let's see if they're tasty, first.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 108.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' I... guess it couldn't hurt. Good idea, Boss! One pack for you, one for me.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 110.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Hey, what about me? Where's mine?
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 109.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Eat dirt! There are only two packs &mdash; just enough for me and the boss. Why would you get any?
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 111.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' You always steal my snacks when the boss isn't here. Now that he's arrived in Exalting Sanctum, it's payback time.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 112.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Quit it, you two. Both packs are mine, that way there's nothing for you to fight over.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 110.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' You can't just take both packs for yourself! Isn't the Luofu Trio supposed to share everything evenly?
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 112.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Evenly? How was it even when you stole my share, hmm?
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 113.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Who said anything about sharing? Might makes right!
:::::{{Black Screen|The three children start tussling with each other. You take the chance to lead the girl away from the site of conflict.}}
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am the Antimatter Legion.
:::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 114.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' A&mdash;Antimatter Legion? Stop bluffing! Why would the Antimatter Legion be in Exalting Sanctum?
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We've come to devour children.
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 115.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' D&mdash;Devour children? Hahaha... N&mdash;Not funny...
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 111.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Uh, boss... I don't think they're kidding...
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 113.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' M&mdash;My mom told me the Antimatter Legion eat children who misbehave... It's not true, is it?
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 116.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' C&mdash;C&mdash;Calm down! Don't let them scare you!
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 114.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' HELP! The Antimatter Legion is going to eat us!
::::::{{Black Screen|The two children run away immediately, leaving the arrogant kid alone.}}
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 117.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hey! Don't leave me behind!
::::::{{Black Screen|The three troublemakers flee from the scene. Taking the chance, you lead the girl away from the site of the conflict.}}
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to hire a fighter.
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 118.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hmph! The Antimatter Legion wants me to join them? Hah, looks like my reputation has reached the farthest corners of the galaxy! When do I report for duty?
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 112.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Boss, they said "hire a fighter," not "hire you." It might be me they're after!
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 115.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' What are you guys thinking? It's me they want.
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 113.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Ha, you think the Antimatter Legion would come all this way for you? You're a goody two shoes.
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 119.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' What are you guys talking about!? Obviously, I'm the baddest baddy in the galaxy!
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 114.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Yeah, right! You think the baddest baddy in the galaxy would burst into tears whenever they're yelled at by an abecedary!
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 120.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Say that again, I dare you.
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 116.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Yeah &mdash; fight, fight, fight! The winner gets to join the Legion with me!
::::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 121.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' If it's a fight you want, you're getting it first!
::::::{{Black Screen|The three children start tussling with each other. You take the chance to lead the girl away from the site of conflict.}}
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Enough of this nonsense, get away from her.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 117.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Who do you think you are? Keep your nose out of this &mdash; I beat people up all the time.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 122.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Yeah, get lost! Stop meddling in our business!
:::----
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 118.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid & Mean Kid:''' Boss!
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 123.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Argh, stop yelling and help me up already!
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 116.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' They used some kind of hidden power &mdash; I saw it! You're a cheater!
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 124.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' That's right! If you hadn't cheated, I would've knocked your lights out!
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 119.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' You sure about that, boss? They didn't even flinch.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 117.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Ugh, shut up! Boss, let's get outta here &mdash; we shouldn't fight anyone that doesn't respect martial arts!
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 125.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hmph! I'll let you off the hook this time &mdash; next time we fight fair and square!
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 118.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Yeah!
:::{{Black Screen|The three children flee from the scene while disgruntled. You take the chance to lead the girl away from this site of conflict.}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So cocky, huh?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 120.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' Who do you think you are? Keep your nose out of this &mdash; I beat people up all the time.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 126.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Yeah, get lost! Stop meddling in our business!
::----
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 118.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid & Mean Kid:''' Boss!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 123.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Argh, stop yelling and help me up already!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 116.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' They used some kind of hidden power &mdash; I saw it! You're a cheater!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 124.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' That's right! If you hadn't cheated, I would've knocked your lights out!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childH 119.ogg}} '''Hateful Kid:''' You sure about that, boss? They didn't even flinch.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 117.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Ugh, shut up! Boss, let's get outta here &mdash; we shouldn't fight anyone that doesn't respect martial arts!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childF 125.ogg}} '''Arrogant Kid:''' Hmph! I'll let you off the hook this time &mdash; next time we fight fair and square!
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childG 118.ogg}} '''Mean Kid:''' Yeah!
::{{Black Screen|The three children flee from the scene while disgruntled. You take the chance to lead the girl away from this site of conflict.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the little girl at the Exalting Sanctum and hand her the medicine{{subst:void|<!--202010406-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Dan Shu wants you to deliver medicine to a little girl, but laced between her words seems to be another request other than the medicine delivery.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 80,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202240424
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 80,
			"GroupNpcID": 400003,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202240425
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 80,
			"GroupNpcID": 400004,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202240426
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 102 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Is this the one Dan Shu sent me to find? Does she come here to treat other sightless people?)
----
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 101 f.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' Thank you for helping me, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you okay?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 102.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' I'm... okay... it's my fault. I shouldn't have wandered off on my own... then I wouldn't have run into those guys.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 103.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' They always laugh at me for being blind. They like to trip me up, and steal my things.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 104 f.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' Th&mdash;Thank goodness you were here... Otherwise they wouldn't have let me off so easily...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dan Shu wants me to deliver this medication to you.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 105.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' Oh, Dan Shu asked you to come?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 106 f.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' Things are bad on the Luofu recently &mdash; Dan Shu must be very busy. Thank you, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}, remember to thank her for me.
::{{Black Screen|The little girl takes the medicine and returns the way she came.}}
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 103 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 103 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Why does she wander about alone...?)
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 105 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 105 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (*sigh* Well, I've delivered the medicine. I should report back to Dan Shu.)
;(Lose {{Item|A Medicine Concocted by Dan Shu|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report to Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum{{subst:void|<!--202010408-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Artisanship Commission with Dan Shu and find the little girl{{subst:void|<!--202010409-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|update|The little girl went to a dangerous place on her own. With her being so young and an Incomplete One, Dan Shu was worried enough to come with you to the danger zone. Quick, get to it. There's human life at stake, and time waits for no one.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 129,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202240172
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 129,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 202240173
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 130.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...What's happening? Is the girl in trouble?

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 130.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...What's happening? Is the girl in trouble?

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 107.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' *sob* Help...
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Entranced Ingenium: Illumination Dragonfish*2; Entranced Ingenium: Obedient Dracolion*2}}
----
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 131.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' It's alright, everything's okay now, Xiaoyu...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 109 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 109 f.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' *sniffle* Thank you {{MC|f=big sister|m=big brother}}, thank you Dan Shu...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 132 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 132 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' You don't need to be scared anymore, (Trailblazer) is here.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 110 f.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' But I... When I think about all the trouble I've caused you two... I feel like such a burden... I'm sorry...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 133.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Is that why you're crying? Maybe... you should start getting used to this feeling...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 134.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...because in the next few centuries, visually impaired people like us will continue to require help from everyone we meet.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 135.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' So, if a little bit of guilt like this is enough to break your heart, then how will you manage such an arduous path?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dan Shu?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this supposed to be comforting?
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 136.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I'm not trying to console her. This is... the reality.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 137.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Walking alone in the darkness, fearing every incoming, invisible obstacle, unable to understand other people's descriptions...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 138.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Everyone, everything is like a hot coal in the dark &mdash; invisible, yet still able to burn you.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 139.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' As a long-life species, she can expect life to continue like this for nearly a thousand years. She must learn to depend upon herself rather than just foolishly waiting around for the next hero to swoop in and save her.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There will always be someone willing to help her.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 140.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' One hopes that would be the case...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 141.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...but that would require someone to be by her side every waking second of every day. In the meantime, she'll have to learn to withstand the darkness &mdash; just as I have.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you helping to save her?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 142.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Yes... by trying my best to change her personal circumstances.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 143.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' In the meantime, she'll have to learn to withstand the darkness &mdash; just as I have.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 childE 111.ogg}} '''Little Girl:''' I... You're right, Dan Shu... From now on, I'll do my best to rely on myself...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 144.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Good, I hope you remember this &mdash; forever.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 145 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 145 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' This place is too dangerous, (Trailblazer). Let's head back to Exalting Sanctum.
:{{Black Screen|You send Dan Shu and the little girl back.}}
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 146.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Thank you again, for all you've done.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 147.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' It would seem we Incomplete Ones are often bullied from a tender age... I endured innumerous hardships to become chief alchemist, yet there are still things that leave me feeling helpless.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 148.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' That's the reason I said what I said... You might mistake my words for being hurtful &mdash; but the truth is, no amount of words can prepare her for what lies ahead.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there no cure?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does the Xianzhou have the technology to help with such impairments?
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 149.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' For long-life species, these things are permanent. Whether we are beautiful or ugly, tall or short, wise or foolish &mdash; all of it is encoded into our flesh from the moment we are born.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 150.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The impairments of short-life species can be corrected with ingenia or surgery, but that's an impossibility for Xianzhou natives.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 151.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' No matter the method employed, our bodies will eventually return to their original states.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 152.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I too was once a non-believer &mdash; I fooled myself into acquiring artificial eye implants... Soon thereafter, my sightless eyes began to regenerate, and I was left in pain and despair...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 153.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' That brief window of sight that I regained has turned into a perpetual source of anguish &mdash; forever etched into my mind...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 154.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' For long-life species, this incompleteness is a permanent, unavoidable penance.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 155.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Hmph, what a joke... Even the Denizens of Abundance &mdash; the so-called "abominations" &mdash; needn't endure such torture. Perhaps we Incomplete Ones are merely traitors cursed by the Plagues Author.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you mean?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You had a scary look on your face just now...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 156.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' It's nothing... Forget I said anything.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 157 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 157 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Thank you for sticking with me through all of this, (Trailblazer). I think my aspirations in Exalting Sanctum have been met, for now.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 158.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Oh, I have a gift for you... though I'll need a little time to prepare it. I'll contact you once it's ready to collect.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 159 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 159 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' See you soon, (Trailblazer).

;(Talk to Dan Shu)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 184 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 184 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Ah, there you are, (Trailblazer).
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 185.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' You've been running so many errands lately &mdash; I'd like for you to take some useful items away with you.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 186.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Examining the exhibits in the Seat of Divine Foresight inspired me to create this. I referenced some historical texts and concocted a medicine that can extend your lifespan and improve your health.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 187 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 187 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I call it the Brumedew Concentrate Pellet, and I'd like you to have it, (Trailblazer).
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 188.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Consuming it will make your body light, agile, and promote longevity and well-being. As a Nameless, it'll make your journey a much less arduous one.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 189.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Well then, that's that. I've still got some other business to attend to, so... shall we say goodbye for now?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 190.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Perhaps the next time we meet, I'll be able to see you in the true sense of the word.
::----
::Dan Shu placed the box with the pellet on the table. You glance at it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Swallow it down.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 107 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Hmm... Tastes a bit strange, but no adverse reactions so far...)
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"Active": true,
	"StartRate": -1,
	"Rate": 1,
	"Duration": 6,
	"RecoverDuration": 0.5,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/JianmuContaminated.asset"
}</pre>
:::<!--1-second delay-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_comtaminate_filter_start"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 108 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 108 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Wait a minute... Argh, my head... What's happening?)
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 109 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 109 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (S&mdash;Something's wrong &mdash; I'm burning up... Feels like I can't breathe...)
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomStringList",
	"CustomStringList": [
		"PlayerMotionClose",
		"ScreenEffectClose"
	]
}</pre>
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 110 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Whew... Seems to be calming down a little, but still uncomfortable...)
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 111 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 111 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (This doesn't seem right, I'd better talk to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Put it aside.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 112 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (It's not that I don't trust Dan Shu... but this doesn't seem like something I should take lightly.)
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 113 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Something feels off &mdash; I'd better talk to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 160.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Your footsteps still linger. Could it be that you still have unanswered questions?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 161.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Ask, and I shall answer to the best of my ability.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way to cure Incomplete Ones?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 162.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Not all incompletions are without remedy. Take my ingenium arm, for example &mdash; it doesn't require any invasive surgery and operates by detecting bioelectric signals on my skin.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 163.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' My eyes are another story &mdash; the optic nerves never fully developed. Transplants are a temporary solution, but they are soon rejected by the superior healing powers of the Xianzhou natives... The entire process is worse than death.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 164.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' There are many similar cases... Skeletal deformities, soft tissue defects, congenital heart disease &mdash; the list goes on...
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 165.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' For short-life species, all these problems can be solved with artificial organs and implants. For long-life species, however, they remain as incompletions.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 166.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' To give a common example... Did you know that to varying degrees, most Xianzhou natives are plagued by oral diseases and jaw-related conditions?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 167.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' For most living creatures, wisdom teeth need to be removed as early possible... but for we long-life species, they are as stubborn as boulders. We must endure them for as long as we live.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 168.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' You see? This is the truth about the Vessel of Celestials... nothing more than a vessel of the Incomplete.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why wouldn't abominations be Incomplete?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 169.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' For beings transformed by the Abundance, there's a difference. Do you know how Abominations of Abundance and Xianzhou people differ?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 170.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I've given this question much thought, using all the knowledge I've learned from the Alchemy Commission to answer it. But, deep down, I know there is only one correct answer: There is no difference.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 171.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The only difference between us is whether we embrace or reject the long life placed upon us by the Abundance.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 172.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Borisin, known for their ferocity among the Denizens of Abundance, are similar to the foxians of the Yaoqing genetically... But the foxians are not abominations &mdash; they're Xianzhou people.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 173.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' From there, we can say that the difference between an abomination and a Xianzhou person is not one of taxonomy, but one of culture.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 174.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' If an abomination aligns with the Xianzhou, then they are a Xianzhou person. If a Xianzhou person aligns with the abominations, they become an abomination themselves. It is that simple.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 175.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Abominations embrace their nature &mdash; they change and modify their flesh without care, for the sake of attaining power and strength. However, to the Xianzhou people, these methods are completely taboo.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 176.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Now you know why there are no Incomplete Ones among the abominations...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know much about the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 177.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I'm just an alchemist &mdash; I don't understand them in any detail. I only know that they are a group of Xianzhou people who view themselves as Denizens of Abundance.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 178.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' My guess is that they attribute their suffering to their decision to renounce the Path of the Plagues Author. Thus, they seek to save themselves by becoming Denizens of Abundance again.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any other questions.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 179.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I have a gift for you, but I'll need a little time to prepare it... I'll contact you once it's ready to collect.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 180 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 180 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' See you soon, (Trailblazer).
;(Unused &mdash; PlayerMotionClose)


;(Unused &mdash; ScreenEffectClose)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"StartRate": -1,
	"Duration": 3,
	"RecoverDuration": 0.5,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/JianmuContaminated.asset"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_comtaminate_filter_finished"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Spare Time Book Shop and wait for Dan Shu's message{{subst:void|<!--202010412-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Dan Shu wants to give you something as a thank-you, but she needs some time to prepare. Come back later, and look around for some books at the Spare Time Book Shop. The book store seems to be quite lenient toward those who display no interest in purchasing anything.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Xingxue)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502022101-->)
::'''Xingxue:''' Why didn't he come by today?
::'''Xingxue:''' Unless... he's been transferred to another jurisdiction?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you waiting for?
:::'''Xingxue:''' An orderly from the Realm-Keeping Commission. We never should've even met, but for an ill-fated moment that brought us together.
:::'''Xingxue:''' ...But don't get the wrong idea. We don't have anything strange going on between us.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Surely there's plenty more fish in the sea...
:::'''Xingxue:''' Why carry the torch...
:::'''Xingxue:''' Bah, what an absolute mess! There's nothing strange going on between that orderly and me, so don't get the wrong idea.
::'''Xingxue:''' It's just... I haven't had a chance to see him for a long time, and I can't help but feel a little bit lonely. Without him, my career, my entire future feels... empty.
::'''Xingxue:''' If things keep on like this, what's the point of me showing up to work again? But then again, if I don't show up, I'll be cut off from him entirely and I'm afraid I'll never get the chance to see him again...
::'''Xingxue:''' Ah! I'm so anxious...
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502022101-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502022144
}</pre>
::'''Xingxue:''' I'm at my wit's end here!

;(Talk to Yinshu)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502016101-->)
::'''Yinshu:''' ...This is a bookstore. If you want to read or pick out a book, just go in and browse around. Call me when you want to pay.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got anything you can recommend?
:::'''Yinshu:''' I don't really read that much, so I can't really recommend anything... Well, the front of the shop is where we keep our bestsellers. There's gotta be a reason why they're bestsellers. Why not start there?
:::'''Yinshu:''' "Views of the Universe from a Starskiff" is a record of wondrous exoplanets by a foxian explorer... Oh, you're from an exoplanet anyways. In that case, hang on and let me think...
:::'''Yinshu:''' How about this one here, "Otherworldly Delights"? It's a collection of short supernatural stories written by the boss here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Boss, you could be a little more enthusiastic.
:::'''Yinshu:''' ...Bookstores are for selling books. Besides, I'm not the boss here. I just help with running a few chores. I'm not in charge of sales here.
:::'''Yinshu:''' But then again, the boss here doesn't really give a darn about business at all. Here... This is a collection of short supernatural stories he's written, called "Otherworldly Delights."
::'''Yinshu:''' I'm a relative of the owner. He likes listening to other people's conversations, saying that it's good inspiration as an author.
::'''Yinshu:''' You may have seen him over in Starskiff Haven. He does storytelling in some teahouse called Sleepless Earl or other, calling himself something like "Mr. Xiyan."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I may have met him in Starskiff Haven.
:::'''Yinshu:''' He likes getting attention. I'd be truly surprised if you haven't seen him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are there storytellers aboard Xianzhou?
:::'''Yinshu:''' Have you seen storytellers on other planets? When you put it like that... I can tell you've probably already seen it before.
:::'''Yinshu:''' All I know is, storytelling is a traditional form of performative art. I don't know much else. But perhaps the boss is using his gig as a storyteller to hang out at the teahouse and hear all kinds of supernatural and weird tales.
::'''Yinshu:''' How I wish he could pay a little more attention to his bookstore business... Ah well. Have you got any books there that you'd like to buy?
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502016101-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502016137
}</pre>
::'''Yinshu:''' If you don't have a jade abacus or if you just like the feeling of a book in your hands, just grab one off the shelf. Scroll rolls, bound bamboo strips, printed and bound paper books &mdash; we've got all the formats. Anyway, just come see me if you'd like to buy a book.

;(Talk to Kang Tu)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502024101-->)
::'''Kang Tu:''' ...Tsk, just seeing you makes my head ache.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's that supposed to mean?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm the one who's having a headache.
::'''Kang Tu:''' Sorry, don't blame me for being so blunt. I'm a healer and your symptoms are clear as day. My initial diagnosis is that your time is quickly running out.
::'''Kang Tu:''' This isn't the hubris of yet another long-life species, but even by short-life species standards, you've already got one foot in the grave.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} C'mon, don't freak me out like that!
:::'''Kang Tu:''' I didn't want to scare you. I'm just trying to give you a warning. There's an old adage around here, "Good medicine tastes bitter." I hope you take what I said to heart.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it really that serious?
:::'''Kang Tu:''' It really is that serious! You should trust me.
::'''Kang Tu:''' However, I've also got some good news to tell you &mdash; you're lucky to have met me, because it's not too late! You can still have a long life: One hundred, two hundred &mdash; even a thousand years! There is hope for you!
::'''Kang Tu:''' You just have to make a purchase of longevity supplements from NutriTreasures, and you can live forever just like us Xianzhou people... Everyone who uses this loves it. What do you say? Want to learn more?
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502024101-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502024134
}</pre>

;(Talk to Food Stall Owner)
:'''Food Stall Owner:''' Tuskpir wraps! Songlotus cakes! Come get 'em while they're hot!
:'''Food Stall Owner:''' Greetings. Would you like some cheap but delicious Luofu snacks?
:{{DIcon|Shop}} What are you selling?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 78,
	"ConfigID": 400001
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowShop",
	"ShopType": 18,
	"TaskID": []
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't want to buy anything right now.
:'''Food Stall Owner:''' Thank you for stopping by. Hope to see you next time!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 88
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	},
	"CreateList": []
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Collect
----
:Out of curiosity, you flip through the books beside Dan Shu. Hearing that, she turns to you.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 181.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' This is a diary I kept &mdash; it records the many attempts I made to overcome my incompletions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oops, I didn't realize this was your diary...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 182.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' No need to apologize &mdash; feel free to read it. If you're interested in the Incomplete Ones... you can take it.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 183.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' If it can deepen your understanding of our trials and tribulations, it will have fulfilled its purpose.
----
:{{tx}}
;(Enter battle)
::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*2}}
::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*2; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/-16.7% ATK, -50% HP, -120 Toughness}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Dan Shu at the Exalting Sanctum and accept her gift{{subst:void|<!--202010413-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Dan Shu managed to prepare her gift, so go ahead and talk to her. You wonder what unique present a chief alchemist of the Alchemy Commission like her would gift.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Brumedew Concentrate Pellet|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and report to Qingzu{{subst:void|<!--202010415-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seat of Divine Foresight|update|You are cautious and didn't swallow the Brumedew Concentrate Pellet Dan Shu has prepared for you. Why would the Chief Alchemist of the Alchemy Commission give you a suspicious pellet like this? Something's afoot, go and discuss it with Qingzu.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Lose {{Item|Brumedew Concentrate Pellet|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Qingzu)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 125 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 125 f.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' (Trailblazer), it's been a while. To what does the Seat of Divine Foresight owe the pleasure?
::----
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 126.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I understand... You say you have suspicions about this pellet she gave you?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 127.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' How about this, leave this Brumedew Concentrate Pellet with me, and I'll find someone to run a few tests on it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Hand over the Brumedew Concentrate Pellet)
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 128.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I need to find a trustworthy alchemist, so you'll need to wait here a while. It isn't easy to find trustworthy people like yourself in these perilous times.
::{{Black Screen|Qingzu turns around and leaves. It was a long time before she returns to the Seat of Divine Foresight hurriedly.}}
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 129 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 129 f.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Thank the stars you were wise enough not take that pellet, (Trailblazer) &mdash; my alchemists were able to extract many forbidden components. The result... is identical to the Disciples' mysterious prescription...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't believe Dan Shu lied to me...
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 130.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I understand, try not to be too upset.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see. In that case, I'll go look for her now.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 131.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I had a suspicion that there might be a spy in the Alchemy Commission, but I never expected it to be someone so high up in the organization...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 132.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I'll put out a wanted notice for Dan Shu immediately. If you find any trace of her, get in touch with me.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 133.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Take this Diting with you, it might just help you find this... "friend."
::{{Black Screen|Qingzu turns around and leaves. It was a long time before she returns to the Seat of Divine Foresight hurriedly.}}
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 134.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I had a suspicion that there might be a spy in the Alchemy Commission, but I never expected it to be someone so high up in the organization...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought she was my friend...
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 135.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I understand how you feel... I've also been fooled by someone I regarded as a good friend. It's a dreadful experience.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I knew there was something off about her.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 136.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' You're prudent, and that's a good trait to have. Just try not to let your emotions cloud your judgment.
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seat of Divine Foresight|update|You swallowed the Brumedew Concentrate Pellet that Dan Shu gave you. Almost immediately, your body starts heating up, and you feel a little dizzy and nauseated... Something feels strange, go ahead and discuss it with Qingzu.}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"Active": true,
	"StartRate": -1,
	"Rate": 1,
	"Duration": 4,
	"RecoverDuration": 0.5,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/JianmuContaminated.asset"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_comtaminate_filter_start"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 114 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 114 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Argh... There goes my head again... Is Dan Shu sure this Brumedew is safe for consumption?)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 115 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 115 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (What's happening? Isn't this the Seat of Divine Foresight? Why are there so many mara-struck here...)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 116 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 116 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (No... I can't let them... get near me...)
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Internal Alchemist*2/-16.7% ATK{ text = Seat of Divine Foresight Guard }; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter*1/-25% HP, -60 Toughness{ text = Yutie }}}

;(Talk to Qingzu)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 123.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I understand how you feel... I've also been fooled by someone I regarded as a good friend. It's a dreadful experience.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 124.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' If we can find Dan Shu, we might be able to confront her and get some answers.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find clues of Dan Shu's whereabouts in the Exalting Sanctum{{subst:void|<!--202010416-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Surprise, surprise. Dan Shu is a Disciple of Sanctus Medicus. You might not be able to accept that fact easily, but you have seen through her... No matter what, time is of the essence. You need to find her before she does something worse.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 117 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 117 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (Dan Shu isn't here... Where could she be?)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 118 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 118 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (I've got it. Dan Shu's medicine box has her scent on it &mdash; I'll ask the Diting that Qingzu lent me to track her.)
:{{Black Screen|The Diting follows Dan Shu's scent and leads you to the Artisanship Commission.}}
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"Active": true,
	"StartRate": -1,
	"Rate": 1,
	"Duration": 4,
	"RecoverDuration": 0.5,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/JianmuContaminated.asset"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_comtaminate_filter_start"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 112 f.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' (Trailblazer)! What happened to you? Be careful, don't hurt {{MC|f=her|m=him}}...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 113 f.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' (Trailblazer)! (Trailblazer)! Wake up, are you okay?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_comtaminate_filter_finished"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PPFilterStackEffect",
	"StartRate": -1,
	"Duration": 3,
	"RecoverDuration": 0.5,
	"AssetPath": "EnviroSystem/PostProcessFilterAsset/JianmuContaminated.asset"
}</pre>
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 114.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Thank the stars, you're finally awake. I thought we might lose you, I was so worried.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened to me?
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 115.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' You came into the Seat of Divine Foresight and started brandishing your weapon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't remember anything at all...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 116.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' It looked like you'd lost control, as if you'd been stricken with mara...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 117.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' There has to be something awry. Tell me what happened to you before arriving at the Seat of Divine Foresight.
:{{Black Screen|You recount everything that happened between you and Dan Shu to Qingzu.}}
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 118.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' From what you're saying, it seems like the gift she gave to you must be related to the Disciples' prescription we examined earlier...
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 119.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' ...but the healer who examined you just now said your body doesn't seem to have been affected... how strange.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 120.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Could Dan Shu be playing a trick on you? Or is her medicine somehow not working as planned? My advice is to come back later for another examination... It's a Disciples of Sanctus Medicus prescription after all &mdash; who knows what "healing" effects it may have.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 121.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' I'll put out a wanted notice for Dan Shu immediately. If you find any trace of her, get in touch with me.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 122.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Take this Diting with you, it might just help you find this... "friend."
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find clues of Dan Shu's whereabouts in the Artisanship Commission{{subst:void|<!--202010417-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 119 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 119 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' Time to come out, little Diting. I need you to help me find Dan Shu.
:{{tx}}
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 121 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (*sigh* ...I'd better report my findings to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and report to Qingzu{{subst:void|<!--202010421-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Seat of Divine Foresight|update|The Genius Chief Alchemist is a master primus in the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. What to say about her... she's at the top of everything she attempts to do.<br />You couldn't catch her, but this isn't your fault. Go and inform Qingzu, the Seat of Divine Foresight should be able to take care of the rest... hopefully.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Qingzu)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 137.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' How did it go? Did you manage to locate Dan Shu?
::----
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 138.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' So you weren't able to apprehend her... I see. These people have been in hiding for so long &mdash; they must have a more nefarious plan. I've got to apprehend them quickly.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 139.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Once again, thank you for all your help. With your intel, we will put a stop to Dan Shu.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 140.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Jing Yuan tells me you'll be joining the forces led by the Alchemy Commission and master diviner &mdash; I won't take up any more of your time. Please take good care of yourself.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 141.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' If you run into Dan Shu again &mdash; contact the nearest Cloud Knights.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 142.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' Take this as a token of my appreciation. You deserve it.
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 qingzu 143.ogg}} '''Qingzu:''' These people have been in hiding for so long &mdash; they must have a more nefarious plan. I've got to apprehend them quickly.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find clues of Dan Shu's whereabouts in the Artisanship Commission{{subst:void|<!--202010435-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Artisanship Commission|update|Surprise, surprise. Dan Shu is a Disciple of Sanctus Medicus. You might not be able to accept that fact easily, or perhaps you already saw through her... No matter what, time is of the essence. You need to find her before she does something worse.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 120 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc2 player 120 f.ogg}} '''(Trailblazer):''' (That's... Dan Shu... with a group of Disciples... I guess that tells me all I need to know...)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Looks like Dan Shu needs time to study the Draught of Draconic Surge. What should I do in the meantime?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Might as well listen to Mr. Xiyan's analytical performance at the Sleepless Earl. This seems to be a good way to kill some time.)
----
:<!--0.2-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EnterMap",
	"EntranceID": 1020201,
	"GroupID": 82,
	"AnchorID": 1
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EnterMap",
	"EntranceID": 1020203,
	"GroupID": 17,
	"AnchorID": 1
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   =    
|es   = La ceguera como fe
|fr   = Des pcheurs tromps, une croyance falsifie
|ru   =    ,    
|th   =  
|vi   = M La Dn Li, Thin Tr Ti 
|de   = Blinde Weisheit und Snde des Himmels
|id   = Pendosa Disesatkan, Kepercayaan Dipalsukan
|pt   = Pecadores Enganados, Credo Falsificado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
