<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Space Station Task Force (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8003101
|title         = Space Station Task Force
|image         = <!--Mission Space Station Task Force (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Space Station Task Force
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Everwinter Night]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Watson
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Space Station Task Force''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Space Station Task Force]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Watson

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Watson{{subst:void|<!--800310101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|Watson has some special space station assignments for you. Ask her for the details.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Watson)
:'''Watson:''' You've come to the right person. I am investigating this attack.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you found so far?
::'''Watson:''' With our current relationship, I can't tell you everything I know.
::'''Watson:''' But I can tell you something less important.
::'''Watson:''' For example, "some researchers" from the space station could be involved in this attack.
::'''Watson:''' Although I haven't found any conclusive evidence yet, time will prove me right.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What was the attacker's purpose?
::'''Watson:''' Kiddo, your question is very sharp.
::'''Watson:''' No structure is perfect. There is always a risk of collapse at any time.
::'''Watson:''' There are many reasons behind this attack: Collusion, lack of defensive power...
::'''Watson:''' But none of this matters! The only thing that matters is the changes brought to the space station by this attack!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you going to do?
::'''Watson:''' High risk, high reward. I am going to dig deep and find those crooks.
::'''Watson:''' Don't worry about me, I know very well when I should act and when I should bolt.
::'''Watson:''' If anything, your presence is somewhat peculiar and deliberate... I smell a conspiracy. Shh, don't interrupt my train of thought.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Sorry.
::'''Watson:''' You... *sigh* Young people these days have no patience at all.
::'''Watson:''' Here's my advice for you. Learn to protect yourself when you are outside. You never know what people are thinking.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Expedition.ExpeditionMainPage",
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Space Station Task Force
|zhs  = 空间站特派
|zht  = 太空站特派
|ja   = ステーション特派
|ko   = 우주정거장 특파
|es   = Comando de la Estación Espacial
|fr   = Force d'intervention de la station spatiale
|ru   = Особый агент космической станции
|th   = ปฏิบัติการพิเศษของสถานีอวกาศ
|vi   = Ủy Thác Đặc Biệt Trạm Không Gian
|de   = Raumstation-Spezialeinheit
|id   = Satgas Stasiun Luar Angkasa
|pt   = Força-Tarefa da Estação Espacial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
