<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Spirit Traces#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000108
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Spirit Traces.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Ever-Changing]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 19
|summary       = After the Xenohydro escapes, you and Lamina continue the pursuit. After thwarting the Xenohydro's plan to replace you, Lamina tells you why she conspired with it.
|characters    = Asta; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = Ever-Changing
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Hertareum*50; Sparse Aether*12; Letter From Locus Silentii*1 { text = Letter From Locus Silentii }; Credit*12,000
}}
'''''Spirit Traces''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Discuss the Letter From Locus Silentii with Asta

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Discuss the Letter From Locus Silentii with Asta{{subst:void|<!--200010800-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|Asta claims to have received a secret letter written by a Cryptologist From Locus Silentii, which not only revealed the whereabouts of the Xenohydro that had been missing for a long time but also tacitly implicates that someone in the space station has been covering up for the escaped Curio. The cautious lead researcher asks you to investigate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Asta)
:'''Asta:''' The Legion is gone, and the Curios are back. Various departments are returning to their research, and the newly imported goods from the cosmos are beginning to circulate.
:'''Asta:''' Everything is going smoothly with Project Revival. So what exactly does this letter mean?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard you are looking for me?
:'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), you're back. Just in time!
:'''Asta:''' Thanks to your help and everybody's hard work, the space station is pretty much back on its feet.
:'''Asta:''' As a conclusion to Project Revival, I wanted to summon you to witness the fruits of our labor.
:'''Asta:''' But just two days ago, I received a strange letter. Now that you're here, perhaps you can help me figure out what it is about.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190167
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:'''Asta:''' I often hear the researchers praise you for your resourcefulness and good judgment. What do you think? Any clue what this message is about?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It seems like something from the Department of Implement Arts.
::'''Asta:''' Yes, only the researcher called Wen in the Department of Implement Arts would speak like that.
::'''Asta:''' However, it was a strange story how I got hold of this letter at the beginning. It was sandwiched in a tome called ''A Guide to Astral Realm Species'' on the Conference Room table. Normally, no one looks at it except me.
::'''Asta:''' Obviously, someone wanted to hand me this letter in private, so I didn't dare to ask the staff in the Department of Implement Arts.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Who is this Cryptologist From Locus Silentii?
::'''Asta:''' As far as I know, there is no one with this title in the space station. It must be an alias.
::'''Asta:''' But the identity of the writer is not what I am most concerned about.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Spirit sounds particularly familiar.
::'''Asta:''' Spirit... Spirit... Can it be... The Xenohydro? Well done, (Trailblazer)! You just found the "key" to the text right away. Now everything makes sense!
::'''Asta:''' It seems this is no ordinary letter, it's from an informant. Their intention is to report on the Xenohydro.
::'''Asta:''' The Xenohydro has disappeared from the space station since it escaped from Mr. Wen Mingde's hands.
::'''Asta:''' This letter seems to support the rumor that the Xenohydro was not caught because it has an accomplice.
::'''Asta:''' Look at this sentence. "An inquiry into spirit traces, a glance into the site of storage" is obviously leading us to investigate the Xenohydro's range of activities, and "to be an accomplice" implies the existence of an accomplice.
::'''Asta:''' As for the other six sentences, in my opinion, some depict the portrait of the accomplice and some describe the real hiding place of the Xenohydro. Unfortunately, I have no idea how to interpret the rest of the message.
::'''Asta:''' Now that we are done with other work, this letter falls into our hands at just the right moment. It's high time we put the Xenohydro issue back on the table. (Trailblazer), what do you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am with you all the way!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a lot going on lately...
:::'''Asta:''' Please, (Trailblazer). I hope you won't refuse. After all&mdash;
::'''Asta:''' Considering there may be a traitor among us, if I hand this case to our staff, we might alert the culprit. And (Trailblazer), you're not a staff member, and you've also met the Xenohydro before. You really are the ideal candidate to handle this case.
::'''Asta:''' And if there is an accomplice involved, this matter is no longer a simple case of Curio retrieval. It must be handled with caution. Therefore, I would like to ask you to go to the Storage Zone mentioned in the letter and verify the facts.
::'''Asta:''' If we can catch either the Xenohydro or the accomplice, we'll be able to interrogate them. Then I can judge whether the accomplice's motive is malicious or not.
::'''Asta:''' At this critical juncture, it is up to us to finally finish Project Revival.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Spirit Traces
|zhs  = 魈魅寻踪
|zht  = 魈魅尋蹤
|ja   = 魑魅魍魎はいずこ
|ko   = 도깨비 추적
|es   = La búsqueda de la Xenocriatura
|fr   = Sur les traces d'un esprit
|ru   = Искатели духов
|th   = เฟ้นหาวิญญาณ
|vi   = Tìm Kiếm Linh Hồn
|de   = Geistspuren
|id   = Pengejaran Roh
|pt   = Rastros de Espírito
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
