<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Spirit Traces#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000109
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Spirit Traces.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Spirit Traces]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Angry Master Capote Fan; Another Me; Asta; Capote; Heartbroken Master Capote Fan; Lamina; Trailblazer; Wen Shiling
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Storage Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Storage Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Hertareum*50; Sparse Aether*12; Letter From Locus Silentii*1 { text = Letter From Locus Silentii }; Credit*12,000
}}
'''''Spirit Traces''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Head to the storage zone to look for the Xenohydro
# Comfort Lamina who has been verbally abused
# Follow Lamina to the Xenohydro's hiding place
# Find a spot with a clear view of the opposite side
# Investigate the traces of the Xenohydro's past activities
# Discuss the potential hiding places with Lamina again
# Follow Lamina to the Xenohydro's hiding place
# Disable the Xenohydro's trap
# Discuss the potential hiding places with Lamina for the last time
# Follow Lamina to the Xenohydro's hiding place
# Investigate your "mirror image"
# Persuade Lamina to repent
# Tell the lead researcher about the Xenohydro conspiracy
# Witness the scene of the fans of Master Capote having their hearts broken

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Head to the storage zone to look for the Xenohydro{{subst:void|<!--200010802-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|The secret letter indicates that the Xenohydro is active in the storage zone. Investigate this zone to see if you can find any clues.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Capote:''' I've always been a rather magnanimous person. In fact, here is a chance for you to regain my favor... As long as you are willing to apologize for your behavior!
:'''Lamina:''' I didn't do those things...
:'''Capote:''' You want to deny the truth!? Lamina, Lamina, you're getting more and more dishonest! Let me help you remember&mdash;
:'''Capote:''' The mustard in my lunch box, the big hole on the back of my uniform, and this boring letter in reply to the female researcher. Aren't they your doing?
:'''Lamina:''' It's true I'm the only person who handled those things, but...
:'''Capote:''' And when I was reporting to Miss Asta, you suddenly shouted, "Mr. Capote, it's too late. The Wubbaboos are still waiting for you to play with them!" You made her think I was colluding with Curios and not doing my job.
:'''Lamina:''' But I was just stating a fact...
:'''Capote:''' We should keep it only between you, and me! How many times have I told you that? You were just going against me on purpose!
:'''Capote:''' Forget it. I don't think you are going to repent at all. One day, when you're sick of this place and your future is gloomy, you will come crawling back to seek help from me.
:'''Capote:''' Just keep praying that by then, I haven't replaced you with a Renona, an Elena, or a Barbara... or someone else, hmph!
----

;(Talk to Lamina)
:'''Lamina:''' When can I become braver?
:'''Lamina:''' Oh, it's (Trailblazer), the hero of the space station. I've heard so much about you. I didn't expect to have the opportunity to see you up close.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing here?
::'''Lamina:''' I... I was Mr. Capote's secretary.
::'''Lamina:''' But recently, I made a few mistakes when I was running errands for him. So he sent me here to work on the Curio sorting assembly line.
::'''Lamina:''' I'm so sorry, you must think I am a joke...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You did all those things?
::'''Lamina:''' You heard it all... Although, I don't remember doing the things Mr. Capote accused me of.
::'''Lamina:''' I also suspected someone else, but everything showed that I was the only one who touched Mr. Capote's things.
::'''Lamina:''' Maybe "Lamina's law" is really true. In the Department of Ecology, they have a saying, anything that Lamina "can" screw up, Lamina will "screw up."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't rush to judgment yet.
:::'''Lamina:''' (Trailblazer), do you think... there's another explanation for this? Surely not...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's an interesting law!
:::'''Lamina:''' Come on, how would you feel if it was called the "(Trailblazer)'s law."
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a letter for you to read.
::'''Lamina:''' Sure, but knowing me, I probably won't be much help...
::<!--1-second delay-->
::'''Lamina:''' Well, if I understand correctly, where it says, "An inquiry into spirit traces," it seems to be referring to the Xenohydro, a kind of Curio from our department. And "to be an accomplice" seems to be some kind of accusation.
::'''Lamina:''' (Trailblazer), why are you asking me this? Are you investigating the escape of the Xenohydro?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's in the storage zone.
:::'''Lamina:''' Oh!? Really... I've been hanging around here lately, but I haven't noticed anything unusual.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe it's impersonating you?
:::'''Lamina:''' Huh!? Did it do those things that Mr. Capote is accusing me of? But why...
::'''Lamina:''' As for the rest of the letter, please forgive my ignorance, but I really don't understand it.
::'''Lamina:''' But now we know it's in the Storage Zone, and this area is only so large. Maybe we can take the initiative and make a list of the possible suspects.
::'''Lamina:''' I'm quite familiar with this place. There are one or two places I know that are inaccessible where the Xenohydro may be hiding. I can take you to have a look.
::'''Lamina:''' Actions are better than words. If you don't mind, (Trailblazer), follow me.
----

;(Talk to Lamina)
:'''Lamina:''' Well... Are you sure we want to ambush it here? We can try making a trap, it's one of our standard procedures in the Department of Ecology.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you make a trap?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ambush it in person.
::'''Lamina:''' This may not be wise... According to the ''A Guide to Species in the Astral Realm'', the Xenohydro is very cautious and stealthy. If we simply wait for it, it's probably just a waste of time.
::'''Lamina:''' (Trailblazer), why don't I show you how to make a trap?
:'''Lamina:''' Tightly connect the two disposable kinetic arms. Once the prey steps within range of the power arm, all that awaits them is doom.
:'''Lamina:''' To make a disposable kinetic arm, we need to find many intricate parts, Strange Matter of Destruction and Phase Flame...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am glad you have such a good memory.
::'''Lamina:''' No, astral ecology is a rigorous and beautiful discipline of knowledge. I am simply conveying its charm truthfully.
::'''Lamina:''' But you reminded me that it'll be difficult to gather all the materials quickly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like fancy material.
::'''Lamina:''' It's okay. In the past, we could take as much as we wanted from the Department of Implement Arts. But now we are short of materials, it'll be hard to collect everything we need soon.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} By that time the Xenohydro will have died of old age.
::'''Lamina:''' Well, it won't take quite that long. The Xenohydro has a pretty long lifespan... But we probably shouldn't put ourselves in such a passive situation.
:'''Lamina:''' Anyway, we'd better ambush it ourselves.
:'''Lamina:''' We may have to wait for a while. Why don't we have a chat to kill time, (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you work for Capote?
::'''Lamina:''' You're not the first person to ask me this question... Except for his fans, many people have a bad impression of Master Capote. They think he is loud and obnoxious.
::'''Lamina:''' But I have been with him for the longest time. I know that Mr. Capote is not a bad person in nature. He is just naturally gifted in many aspects, so he can't understand other people's difficulties sometimes. In short, he is just spoiled by fate.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can you be spoiled by fate?
:::'''Lamina:''' With his unusually handsome appearance, his great talent for research, and his lovable outgoing nature... Everything has always worked out well for him. So it's normal for him to think the world revolves around him.
:::'''Lamina:''' Not to mention he did give me a job that lets me get closer to the real research work in the Department of Ecology. Although the price was to work as his secretary...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're still defending him.
:::'''Lamina:''' No, no, I'm just stating what I see. Since my childhood, my family has always taught me to focus on the positive, so that life wouldn't be so gloomy.
:::'''Lamina:''' Not to mention he did give me a job that lets me get closer to the real research work in the Department of Ecology. Although the price was to work as his secretary...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How do you see yourself, Lamina?
::'''Lamina:''' Me? I... I'm just an ordinary researcher. Even that sounds like an exaggeration.
::'''Lamina:''' Because... I only got into the space station in my sister's place... Of course, Mr. Capote doesn't know about that.
::'''Lamina:''' My home planet is quite poor in resources, and most families can only barely support one person to go on a space journey. My sister was qualified to come to the space station, but she gave me the only chance in the family and in her life.
::'''Lamina:''' It's a pity I am such a failure. If my sister were here in the space station, she would be able to make a name for herself. So how do I see myself? I can't... Or dare not answer this question at all...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's all for now.
::{{Black Screen|You and Lamina wait there until very late. The dew has turned to frost, and your belly is empty.}}
::{{Black Screen|But nothing happened.}}
::'''Lamina:''' We can't just wait here forever...
::'''Lamina:''' *sigh* No sign of the Xenohydro... Maybe it left a long time ago?
::'''Lamina:''' We can look for traces left by the Xenohydro in the room and use them to work out when it was last here.
::'''Lamina:''' Time to walk around and change my mood...

;(Talk to Lamina)
:'''Lamina:''' I found a monster wandering around here, so I hid away. It's my fault that I didn't warn you. That's why you fell for the Xenohydro's trap.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop blaming yourself.
::'''Lamina:''' I know... I feel like I haven't really been helping so far, and the Xenohydro is still no where to be found. And I can't think of anywhere else. So... should we give up?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That crafty Xenohydro.
::'''Lamina:''' It must have guessed that someone is going after it, so it sets up a trap along the way. It's hidden and we're exposed. It could be more dangerous if we go ahead. So... Should we give up?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We can't go on like this.
::'''Lamina:''' I underestimated the situation... We put in so much effort and almost got seriously hurt. So... should we give up?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's time to reexamine the letter.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190167
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:'''Lamina:''' *sigh* Back to square one... Anyway, the useful information should be in the paragraph "An inquiry into spirit traces, a glance into the site of storage. Even with iron shoes worn out unearthly, one has to visit the three depths." Can you see anything useful?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Site of storage?
::'''Lamina:''' It's somewhere in the Storage Zone. The two places we've found so far both meet these conditions...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Worn out unearthly?
::'''Lamina:''' In this sentence structure, the focus should be on the object... Wait a minute, "unearthly" does sound familiar.
::'''Lamina:''' (Trailblazer), do you think Unearthly Marvel has anything to do with it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Makes sense!
:::'''Lamina:''' Um! I think so, too. Therefore, this "iron shoes worn out unearthly" refers to passing through the road built by Unearthly Marvel.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's that?
:::'''Lamina:''' Don't you remember? I heard from Mrs. Hinkel that you once used Unearthly Marvel to help her repair major road defects.
:::'''Lamina:''' I think it was when you first arrived at the space station. At the time, word of a "young busybody" was spreading around the space station.
:::'''Lamina:''' So this "iron shoes worn out unearthly" refers to the road built by the Unearthly Marvel?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The three depths?
::'''Lamina:''' Since "worn out unearthly" is a condition, then "the three depths" should be the second condition.
::'''Lamina:''' Literally, it means going through the depths of three rooms.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why didn't you say this earlier...
:::'''Lamina:''' Well... Maybe it's the unraveling of the Unearthly Marvel that suddenly sparked my realization...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's it?
:::'''Lamina:''' I think so... Solving riddles is like solving magic tricks. Once you know the answer, you would think it's an insult to your intelligence, but that's just the illusion of hindsight.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's all coming together now.
::'''Lamina:''' So if the letter is correct, the Xenohydro should be hiding in a place where there's Unearthly Marvel, but also you have to pass through three rooms to get there.
::'''Lamina:''' *sigh* If you still insist on continuing, I'll help you to the end.
::'''Lamina:''' This time, we won't fail.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Comfort Lamina who has been verbally abused{{subst:void|<!--200010803-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|The Xenohydro doesn't show up, but you happen to witness Master Capote, a person of much renown in the space station, verbally abusing Lamina, the researcher from the Department of Ecology, who has been in the storage zone for a long time. Your words of comfort touch her, so she offers you help in finding the Xenohydro.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Lamina to the Xenohydro's hiding place{{subst:void|<!--200010804-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|Lamina keeps her promise and helps you look for the Xenohydro. After arriving at its first potential hiding place, you decide to wait here... Although you know you might find nothing in the end.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Lamina:''' Ahem, ehem, this room smells humid... It seems the Xenohydro really was here.
:'''Lamina:''' (Trailblazer), come quickly. This place is secluded and it's a good vantage point. You can watch the whole room from here.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a spot with a clear view of the opposite side{{subst:void|<!--200010805-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the traces of the Xenohydro's past activities{{subst:void|<!--200010806-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropSetupUITrigger",
	"ButtonIcon": "SpriteOutput/TalkIcon/ChatIcon.png",
	"IconType": "ChatLoopIcon",
	"ButtonText": {
		"Hash": 278713937
	},
	"ButtonCallback": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Mission_200010807_Prop_36_300005_BtnClick"
			}
		}
	],
	"InteractAngleRange": 180,
	"OverrideTargetTypes": [],
	"SkipFakeAvatar": true,
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 36
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300005
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PropSetupUITrigger",
	"ButtonIcon": "SpriteOutput/TalkIcon/ChatIcon.png",
	"IconType": "ChatLoopIcon",
	"ButtonText": {
		"Hash": 278713937
	},
	"ButtonCallback": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Mission_200010808_Prop_36_300006_BtnClick"
			}
		}
	],
	"InteractAngleRange": 180,
	"OverrideTargetTypes": [],
	"SkipFakeAvatar": true,
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvPropEx",
		"FetchType": "SinglePropByPropID",
		"SinglePropID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 36
				}
			},
			"ID": {
				"fixedValue": {
					"Value": 300006
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Discuss the potential hiding places with Lamina again{{subst:void|<!--200010809-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|You have gained nothing at the first of the suspected hiding places. Lamina keeps her promise and helps you look for the Xenohydro. Under her guidance, you step into the trap set by the Xenohydro. Thankfully, Lamina brought some healing potions with her. The surprise monster attack turns out to be a fabricated pitfall.<br />After a series of failures, you decide to change your strategy and re-examine the Letter From Locus Silentii. You head to the place the letter points out, and you won't miss again this time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Lamina:''' The hair is completely dry, and the date on the screen is from a long time ago
:'''Lamina:''' Looks like it won't be coming back. Let's keep looking elsewhere.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Lamina to the Xenohydro's hiding place{{subst:void|<!--200010811-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:(There's also a strong watery smell here... But where's Lamina?)
:(Let me deal with these monsters first!)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Disable the Xenohydro's trap{{subst:void|<!--200010812-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--0.2-second delay-->
;(Fully recovers all allies' HP)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Discuss the potential hiding places with Lamina for the last time{{subst:void|<!--200010814-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Lamina to the Xenohydro's hiding place{{subst:void|<!--200010815-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Lamina:''' (Trailblazer), look, after passing through the road that was repaired with Unearthly Marvel, we entered the deepest part where the three rooms are connected...
:'''Lamina:''' This is the so-called "the three depths"... Come on in!

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Lamina:''' I finally got you, (Trailblazer)... Or should I call you... Xenohydro!
:'''Lamina:''' Good thing I was on guard. As early as a few days ago, the real (Trailblazer) had already warned me that there may be a Xenohydro wreaking havoc in the near future. I didn't expect you to come so soon.
:'''Lamina:''' Let me see, I can just take care of you, bypass Mr. Capote and hand you over to Miss Asta, so I don't have to be a slave anymore...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you talking about?
::'''Lamina:''' I'm saying that after all that, the real (Trailblazer) and I finally caught you, Xenohydro!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not the Xenohydro!
::'''Lamina:''' I've caught you, Xenohydro! If you are not Xenohydro, then who that is standing over there?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I should have guessed...
::'''Lamina:''' I caught you, Xenohydro! Enough nonsense. If you're not convinced, sort it out with (Trailblazer).
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate your "mirror image"{{subst:void|<!--200010816-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|The Xenohydro finally shows up, looking exactly like you.<br />It turns out, Lamina is the traitor mentioned in the secret letter.<br />From the moment you started the investigation, she planned to lure you here and let the Xenohydro take your place.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Another Me)
:'''Another Me:''' I finally caught you, Xenohydro. You won't get away this time.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You're the Xenohydro.
::'''Another Me:''' I don't think so. You see, we both have two eyes and a mouth. We sound the same and act the same way.
::'''Another Me:''' Since there is no fourth person present, whoever Lamina thinks is the Xenohydro, is the Xenohydro.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why impersonate me?
::'''Another Me:''' I should be asking you that. I'm (Trailblazer)! The official crew member of the Astral Express, the walking Stellaron vessel...
::'''Another Me:''' The invincible conqueror of the Antimatter Legion, the infamous rising star of the cosmos. Who do you think you are impersonating, Xenohydro?
::'''Another Me:''' Aren't you using my face to take advantage of my reputation so you can conduct scams in the space station?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} People in the space station will believe me.
::'''Another Me:''' Believe? What a joke. Not even Lamina believes you right now, let alone the others.
::'''Another Me:''' I warned her earlier that someone might pretend to be me to get close to her. Do you have any proof that you are not the Xenohydro?
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I have a baseball bat.
:::'''Another Me:''' Baseball bat... what's that? Can you use it to prove your identity? Or is it the only one of its kind in the universe?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's my body.
::::'''Another Me:''' Huh? Isn't your body the Stellaron? So it's an external object?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's an artifact.
::::'''Another Me:''' I get it, you're the stellaron vessel, fine, but you even have this bad boy? Hey, it's like those guys with the scripts in the space station before. It's pretty cool.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I can bash you to a pulp.
:::'''Another Me:''' Is that the kind of violent thug you are? Hey, you don't want to ruin this pretty face, do you?
:::'''Another Me:''' I advise you to lay down your arms and hand yourself over. Life in the Storage Zone is not so bad. Last time, Mr. Wen Mingy almost went in. You two may keep each other company in the future.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} She and I are partners.
:::'''Another Me:''' Yeah, let's see what the third-party witness says... Lamina, it's your call.
:::'''Another Me:''' Lamina? Why aren't you saying anything!? Did you suddenly find your conscience? You want to back out now? *gurgle*
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You just got yourself exposed.
:::'''Another Me:''' *gurgle* So what? (Trailblazer), I don't think you really understand the situation.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the situation?
::::'''Another Me:''' *gurgle* For crying out loud. Are you two serious!? Do I have to spell it out for you?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't underestimate me.
::::'''Another Me:''' Oh... well fine. Then tell me, what's going on now?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I have to spell it out?
:::::'''Another Me:''' Don't play games with me! I don't think you understand the situation.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lamina is the accomplice.
:::::'''Another Me:''' That's right! Good one, (Trailblazer)! But you only guessed the first half of our plan.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You want me to take your place as the Xenohydro.
:::::'''Another Me:''' That's right! Well done, (Trailblazer)! You saw through everything.
:::'''Another Me:''' I had long guessed that someone would come to investigate my whereabouts, so Lamina and I decided to lure the investigator here, kill them and then hand them in as the Xenohydro, then we'll finally be free.
:::'''Another Me:''' But I didn't expect you to come. Lamina was soft. She wanted to give you a chance. And so we changed the plan from "elimination" to "persuasion"&mdash;
:::'''Another Me:''' Now if you want to leave this place, you only have two choices. Either obey and go to Storage Zone in place of me, or die and then go to Storage Zone instead of me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why did Lamina help you?
::::'''Another Me:''' Jeez, is that really what you're worried about? At a time like this? You know what? As your opponent, I feel insulted. *gurgle* I'm gonna teach you a lesson!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a third option.
::::'''Another Me:''' What's that? To kill me? *gurgle* You talk big! I'm gonna teach you a lesson!
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Ice Out of Space*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Persuade Lamina to repent{{subst:void|<!--200010817-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Storage Zone|update|After thwarting the Xenohydro's plan to replace you, Lamina tells you why she conspired with it.<br />Now you need to decide what to do with the two of them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lamina)
:'''Lamina:''' It seems you and I are destined to go down together...
:'''Lamina:''' Sorry, (Trailblazer)... I'm the accomplice in collusion with the Xenohydro. I'm willing to accept my punishment.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What on earth is going on?
:'''Lamina:''' ...
:'''Lamina:''' You know me. You know what kind of person Lamina is.
:'''Lamina:''' No talent. No achievements. I can barely prove my value by doing the most trivial jobs.
:'''Lamina:''' But working on the assembly line all my life... It's fine for me, but how can I face my family?
:'''Lamina:''' They have sacrificed everything for me so that I can come here. Do I repay them... by being a cleaner?
:'''Lamina:''' I can't, and I am not shameless enough to do that. Capote was my first springboard to success, the only springboard. Although I had to rely on him, it's still a decent job in the Department of Ecology.
:'''Lamina:''' I once thought that if I just served him well, I would at least get a chance to succeed. Hard work always pays off, right?
:'''Lamina:''' Until the Xenohydro impersonated me to prank Capote and make a mockery of him.
:'''Lamina:''' It's like a mirror, it showed me my pitiful appearance, so humble, so weak, so... powerless.
:'''Lamina:''' It also taught me a valuable lesson. Even Lamina can liberate herself from the constraints of others and live like a person.
:'''Lamina:''' For the first time, I found that I was willing to trade my mediocre future for a free and unrestrained life.
:'''Lamina:''' So I let it all happen, until the rumor that someone in the staff harbored the Xenohydro became widespread. They called for severe punishment for those who did not report relevant information...
:'''Lamina:''' That's when I realized that my personal wishes were not important. I can just be a low-level researcher, but I can't let the space station drive me out.
:'''Lamina:''' I can't ruin my family's last bit of expectation for me.
:'''Lamina:''' When I heard that someone began investigating the Xenohydro and its accomplice, I made up my mind to eradicate my opponent and protect myself.
:'''Lamina:''' Finally, I decided to be brave for once, but I didn't expect to be hampered by the bond between us. If only it was someone else who came here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can understand why you did it.
::'''Lamina:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). But I'm not saying this to get your forgiveness. I was just... talking to you as a friend, getting things off my chest.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your bravery is wasted in the wrong pursuit.
::'''Lamina:''' Is it? Maybe. When a person is pushed to a dead-end, wit might appear cold and heartless. But it's just survival instinct.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You said a lot of things that are unlike the Lamina I know.
::'''Lamina:''' Maybe it's because I suppress myself too hard. I am always focused on other people's needs and have forgotten to look inside myself.
::'''Lamina:''' If I could see myself in other people's eyes earlier, my life might be different. If it wasn't for the Xenohydro, then it was the letter.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} In fact, everything is written in the letter.
:'''Lamina:''' I had already figured that the "accomplice" in that letter was referring to me. It's just that I didn't really... have the courage to face it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Better off alone...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Than to be an accomplice.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} One day, as they turn around...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A path will be lit by the radiance of the stars.
:'''Lamina:''' ...
:'''Lamina:''' "Better off alone than to be an accomplice. One day, as they turn around, a path will be lit by the radiance of the stars."
:'''Lamina:''' I completely ignored these words earlier. Is this letter... meant to persuade me?
:'''Lamina:''' So from the beginning, the informant tried to persuade me to give up my conspiracy with the Xenohydro and live my own life independently...
:'''Lamina:''' In other words, independence does not only mean leaving the Xenohydro, but also Capote and my weaknesses.
:'''Lamina:''' ...
:'''Lamina:''' Now I understand. Although this realization has come a little too late.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've committed a crime. You must be punished.
::'''Lamina:''' I understand. I'll go back with you and accept due punishment.
::'''Lamina:''' But before that, I will prove to you that I have really changed because of this experience.
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can let you and the Xenohydro go.
::'''Lamina:''' Really? Thank you, (Trailblazer). I will keep a closer eye on the Xenohydro and stop him from endangering the space station.
::'''Lamina:''' I will also prove to you that I have really changed because of this experience.
::----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You still have a chance, but the Xenohydro must be returned.
::'''Lamina:''' You mean, you won't tell them who the accomplice was? Thank you, (Trailblazer).
::'''Lamina:''' I will cherish the opportunity you gave me and I will also prove to you that I have really changed because of this experience.
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tell the lead researcher about the Xenohydro conspiracy{{subst:void|<!--200010823-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You've decided on what to do with Lamina and the Xenohydro. After telling Asta about their conspiracy, you find that the lead researcher already knows everything. More precisely, she seemingly orchestrated it all.<br />By casting you as an actor in her little play, she managed to make the lost researcher see the error of her ways.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--1-second delay-->

;(Talk to Asta)
----
:'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
:'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": true,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
:'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
----
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2010814_380)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": true,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::----
:<!--1-second delay-->

;(Talk to Asta)
----
:'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
:'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": true,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
:'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_01",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"BlendTime": 1,
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2010814_377)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_01",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"BlendTime": 1,
		"FOVSmoothDampTime": -1,
		"FrameBlendWeightStart": 1,
		"FrameBlendDuration": 1
	},
	"VCameraDitherMaxDistance": 1,
	"CenterPosX": -1,
	"CenterPosY": -1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Witness the scene of the fans of Master Capote having their hearts broken{{subst:void|<!--200010825-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Through Asta's effort and with your help, Lamina understands the meaning of independence.<br />Master Capote is the only loser in this incident.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Spirit Traces
|zhs  = 魈魅寻踪
|zht  = 魈魅尋蹤
|ja   = 魑魅魍魎はいずこ
|ko   = 도깨비 추적
|es   = La búsqueda de la Xenocriatura
|fr   = Sur les traces d'un esprit
|ru   = Искатели духов
|th   = เฟ้นหาวิญญาณ
|vi   = Tìm Kiếm Linh Hồn
|de   = Geistspuren
|id   = Pengejaran Roh
|pt   = Rastros de Espírito
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
