<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stellar Shimmer (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8023201
|title         = Stellar Shimmer
|image         = <!--Mission Stellar Shimmer (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Stellar Shimmer
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Grumpy; Metauna; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Stellar Shimmer''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Stellar Shimmer]] event.

==Steps==
# Head to the master control zone and talk with Grumpy the researcher
# Activate the terminal next to them and try Stellar Shimmer 1 time

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Head to the master control zone and talk with Grumpy the researcher{{subst:void|<!--802320101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|Grumpy, a researcher from the space station, is looking for you with her partner. Looks like she's met some sort of bottleneck during her research.<br />Though, you don't understand why all the researchers are coming to you for their research...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Grumpy:''' You're here! Come, come. Let me introduce to you the latest addition to our department &mdash;
:'''Metauna:''' Oh, you're the (Trailblazer) that everyone's been talking about. It's an honor! I'm Metauna. I only just arrived at the space station. It's nice to meet you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So... you were looking for me?
:'''Grumpy:''' It's about a combat simulation tool that Shiling shoved in my hands. It's called the Stellar Flare...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds familiar. I think I've tested it before.
::'''Grumpy:''' That's right. I was the one who called for you to help. Good thing you were around that time!
::What's that?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's that?
:'''Grumpy:''' This is a combat simulation software. It's supposed to boost its user's combat proficiency.
:'''Grumpy:''' Early prototype test results were encouraging. The Security Department even expected that this program had the potential to be submitted to the IPC for business applications.
:'''Metauna:''' At worst, it would be kept on the space station for training purposes.
:'''Grumpy:''' Yes, yes. Metauna's right on the nose. We feel really good about this project.
:'''Metauna:''' Which is why the department sent me to assist you, in the hopes that we can optimize this tool. As per the requirements, I gave this version of the program a new name &mdash; Stellar Shimmer... Haha, new version, new beginnings!
:'''Metauna:''' But to be honest, I'm feeling really anxious about this. To be involved in such a huge project so soon after I arrived... I think the stress is a bit too much.
:'''Grumpy:''' Keep calm. The source code's already been iterated once. We've also cross-checked with the Security Department's requirements and optimized the simulated combat's process...
:'''Metauna:''' Enough of internal jargon, Grumpy. We should get down to business.
:'''Grumpy:''' Ahem, sorry. Work habits... In any case, the program has been optimized, but it still lacks a combat master to complete its testing. That's why we sought you out. It's a bit sudden, but you were the first person I thought of when it comes to battle prowess superiority on this space station...
:'''Grumpy:''' (Trailblazer), will you be so kind as to help us out?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If that's the case... I'd be hard-pressed to refuse.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just part of the job. You've come to the right person.
:'''Metauna:''' Fantastic! With an expert helping out, this'll surely be a success!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Activate the terminal next to them and try Stellar Shimmer 1 time{{subst:void|<!--802320102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|Grumpy and Metauna are having quite a headache with testing their data, and you decide to help after their repeated entreaties.<br />You don't know much about scientific research, but you're a pro at physical exercise.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Fight Club}} Launch simulation program.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityStarFight.ActivityStarFightMainPage",
	"OnUIEnter": []
}</pre>

;(Talk to Grumpy)
:'''Grumpy:''' We're counting on you for the test. If you run into any problems during its course, please feel free to contact me.
:'''Metauna:''' We'll definitely change it for the better!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Stellar Shimmer
|zhs  = 星芒烁变
|zht  = 星芒爍變
|ja   = スターライト・フラッシュ
|ko   = 반짝이는 스타라이트
|es   = Centelleo estelar
|fr   = Éclat stellaire
|ru   = Звёздное сияние
|th   = เปลวแสงประกายดาว
|vi   = Ánh Sao Lấp Lánh
|de   = Stellarer Schimmer
|id   = Gemerlap Cahaya Bintang
|pt   = Brilho Estelar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
