<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stellar Shimmer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8023202
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Stellar Shimmer.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Stellar Shimmer
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Stellar Shimmer]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Grumpy; Metauna; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Stellar Shimmer''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Stellar Shimmer]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Grumpy and report your test results

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Grumpy)
:'''Grumpy:''' We're counting on you for the test. If you run into any problems during its course, please feel free to contact me.
:'''Metauna:''' We'll definitely change it for the better!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Grumpy and report your test results{{subst:void|<!--802320202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|You've experienced Stellar Shimmer on the terminal 1 time. Now you can take the data and report back to Grumpy.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Metauna:''' The awesome (Trailblazer) is here!
:'''Grumpy:''' How was it? Did you finish all the testing?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I cleared all the levels, and it was a cinch.
::'''Metauna:''' I knew it. There's no one better!
::It got a little hairy. Good thing I was a little stronger.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It got a little hairy. Good thing I was a little stronger.
:'''Grumpy:''' It was difficult for you? Oof... I guess the difficulty setting is still too harsh. If you're saying that, others would surely get stomped. My bad, I'll have to go back and tweak the relevant values.
:'''Grumpy:''' I really must thank you, as you've helped us out greatly this time! I just took a look at the uploaded back-end data, and nothing seemed amiss... Wait till we're done with the adjustments, and it'll definitely clear inspection!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Stellar Shimmer
|zhs  = 星芒烁变
|zht  = 星芒爍變
|ja   = スターライト・フラッシュ
|ko   = 반짝이는 스타라이트
|es   = Centelleo estelar
|fr   = Éclat stellaire
|ru   = Звёздное сияние
|th   = เปลวแสงประกายดาว
|vi   = Ánh Sao Lấp Lánh
|de   = Stellarer Schimmer
|id   = Gemerlap Cahaya Bintang
|pt   = Brilho Estelar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
