<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stories Across the Universe#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8032201
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Stories Across the Universe.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Star Rail WORLD
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 21
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dan Heng; Danksi; Himeko; Pom-Pom; Trailblazer; Welt
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Stories Across the Universe''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Star Rail WORLD]] event.

==Steps==
# Check if there's anything new on the train

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Check if there's anything new on the train{{subst:void|<!--803220101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|''"Looking up at the stars, I realized there are countless possibilities out there."'' &mdash; Azan Abega, Captain of the First Fleet of the Marketing Development Department<br />It's been a while since you checked in on the train. Maybe Pom-Pom has something new to share?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Himeko)
:{{tx}}
:'''Danksi:''' {{Size|28|Try it out, please! I've always loved following your stories!}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you people up to?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks pretty neat.
::'''Welt:''' Yeah, it has this really sleek tech vibe. I'm curious what it's for.
::My fans can be quite enthusiastic.
::'''Dan Heng:''' The IPC's insignia is on it, so it's probably not a fan gift.
::You should have waited for me before opening it.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' It was addressed to the Astral Express, though I only realized it was for you after opening it.
::What if it's actually a bomb...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} My fans can be quite enthusiastic.
::'''Dan Heng:''' The IPC's insignia is on it, so it's probably not a fan gift.
::You should have waited for me before opening it.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' It was addressed to the Astral Express, though I only realized it was for you after opening it.
::What if it's actually a bomb...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should have waited for me before opening it.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' It was addressed to the Astral Express, though I only realized it was for you after opening it.
::What if it's actually a bomb...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if it's actually a bomb...
:'''Himeko:''' That's a bit paranoid. Relax, I already ran a security check.
:'''Himeko:''' Either way, since the actual receiver is here, let's open it up&mdash;
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Paradoxe? Where is that?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So we're famous now?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you need from us?
::'''Danksi:''' Ahem... I developed an Astral-Express-themed game. In other words, it's my little homage for the Astral Express.
::So we're famous now?
::'''Danksi:''' Absolutely! Every world connected to the silver rail knows about the Astral Express! And everyone knows about the Nameless!
::'''Danksi:''' {{Size|28|Try it out, please! I've always loved following your stories!}}
::What are you people up to?
::'''Himeko:''' Maintain a necessary sense of ceremony &mdash; I wanted to bring everyone to enjoy some coffee, tea, and pastry, but it was unanimously rejected.
::'''Dan Heng:''' According to the data bank, past Nameless members would throw a Trailblaze celebration after each stop. Sometimes, it's a tea party, sometimes it's a race, and sometimes even a knightly joust...
::'''Dan Heng:''' But the number of passengers eventually waned, so this tradition has faded out.
::Paradoxe? Where is that?
::'''Himeko:''' I've heard of Paradoxe. It was a planet that followed the Beauty before signing a contract with the Interastral Peace Entertainment, turning it into a cultural industry base under the IPC.
::'''Danksi:''' That's right. My family used to be the most popular artistic aristocracy on Paradoxe with many theater works under our belt.
::'''Danksi:''' However, everyone watched the IPC's ''Tousled Detective'' and ''Leblanc: The Meteor Thief'', so my family gradually declined...
::'''Danksi:''' The game's demo package is in this device. It uses cutting-edge brainwave tech for full virtual immersion... Hardware-wise, it's the best you can get.
::'''Danksi:''' Also, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|I've made all Initial Characters Express Crew members}}.
::'''Dan Heng:''' That does add a dramatic value, just in time for the Trailblaze Celebration...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Game on!

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Stories Across the Universe
|zhs  = 故事穿越寰宇
|zht  = 故事穿越寰宇
|ja   = 宇宙を越えた物語
|ko   = 우주를 가로지르는 이야기
|es   = Historias que recorren el universo
|fr   = Histoires de l'univers
|ru   = Истории, пересекающие вселенную
|th   = เรื่องราวข้ามจักรวาล
|vi   = Câu Chuyện Xuyên Vũ Trụ
|de   = Geschichten aus dem Universum
|id   = Kisah Lintas Alam Semesta
|pt   = Histórias Através do Universo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
