<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Survival Wisdom#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2010502
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Survival Wisdom.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lying in Rust]]'' completed
|summary       = Despite Sampo's tricks, you assisted him in his business and received your well-deserved payment.<br />This experience teaches you a valuable lesson: Never trust people with dark blue hair.
|characters    = Arrogant Vagrant; Peak; Sampo; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Great Mine]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Great Mine
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Condensed Aether*3; Shield (Item)*100; Credit*12,000
}}
'''''Survival Wisdom''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Great Mine and ask Sampo what he wants
# Find Sampo's lost mining tool
# Ask Sampo for the treasure map
# Find the treasure according to the treasure map
# Go to Sampo with the last mining tool

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Great Mine and ask Sampo what he wants{{subst:void|<!--201050201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|You receive Sampo's message for help. It looks like he's in some big trouble.<br />Usually, you would ignore him. But he mentions that his life is at stake. Due to your strong sense of moral duty, you decide to go investigate...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sampo)
:'''Sampo:''' Oh, it's (Trailblazer). You are finally here! Come on, do me a favor. We are such good friends. You won't just watch me suffer, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We are not that close...
::'''Sampo:''' Oh, that's a bit harsh! We've been through ups and downs together, and now you just pretend you don't know me. How can you be so cruel?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You only come to me when you need help. You think I'm a robot?
::'''Sampo:''' Come on! Am I like that to you? Businessmen like us rely on nothing but trust. Why would I treat you like a robot? No! Of course I wouldn't!
:'''Sampo:''' Just do me a favor &mdash; I started a mining tool rental business in the mines, but I'm missing a few key tools. I want you to help me find them. How simple is that? A piece of cake, right?
:'''Sampo:''' The investment cost of this mining tool rental is still very high, and it's not easy to find a supplier. But I'm not worried about losing money. What matters is that some people really rely on this business to earn money to support their families.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you really care whether other people can support their families?
::'''Sampo:''' What do you mean by that? I've always had a big heart &mdash; think about how helpful I've been to you in the past. You can't deny it, can you?
:'''Sampo:''' Well, to put it simply, there were some minor accidents in the mining area earlier. You know what it's like &mdash; it was chaos. All the mining tools I bought at a high price were lost, and I was furious!
:'''Sampo:''' Coincidentally, not long ago, a customer ordered a set of equipment from me... Well... I'd like to go look for it myself, but the situation in the mining area is complicated. I hear there are Fragmentum monsters in some places...
:'''Sampo:''' Gosh, ordinary people like us can't get close at all. I want to ask you for a favor because you have such extraordinary skills and great connections. You are much better than me at this sort of thing!
:'''Sampo:''' Let me see, I lost three mining tools... It's a little hard to find them, but if you can help me find those three pieces of equipment, I'll give you a secret treasure map &mdash; how about that? A very attractive deal for you, wouldn't you say?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Three is too many. Can we make it one?
::'''Sampo:''' Come on! You don't know how much trouble one has to go through just to get a set of legit mining tools here underground. Heck! I've already invested so much money in this...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Treasure map? That sounds like a fraud...
::'''Sampo:''' This treasure map is absolutely real! I always do business with the utmost integrity. Don't be fooled by those scoundrels who are just jealous of me simply because I make good money!
:'''Sampo:''' The mining team has a rule that all miners must have all three pieces of equipment before they can go down the mine &mdash; I can't rent them out if I don't have all three of them. {{MC|m=My good man|f=My dear lady}}, please have some sympathy for me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Three is too many. I don't have time for that.
::'''Sampo:''' I can't get to work with just one... Why don't we discuss this further? I can promise you won't regret working with me...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just one. Otherwise, forget it.
::'''Sampo:''' Please don't! It's hard to find the right person for the job around here. Jeez... Wait a minute...
:'''Sampo:''' How about this? Help me find two pieces of mining equipment, and I'll give you the treasure map. How's that sound to you?
:'''Sampo:''' As for the missing third tool... Heck... I suppose I'll have to fork out a little extra money to rent it from the miners on leave. I don't even know who is on holiday right now...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Fine.
:'''Sampo:''' I knew it! We are such close mates. I knew you'd help a brother out!
:'''Sampo:''' Well, enough chit-chat. Let me see the list... There is one called the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Thermal-Powered Mechanical Mining Pick}}. The supplier said he lost it on his way home from work. Guess it's somewhere around here. This one should be simple.
:'''Sampo:''' The other one is a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Customized Pink Safety Helmet}}. This one is a little complicated... Looks like it got snatched by some vagrants. Might need you to find a way to get it back.
:'''Sampo:''' As we previously agreed, just these two! Thank you so much for your help. Hehe &mdash; It's a pleasure to work with you!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Sampo's lost mining tool{{subst:void|<!--201050202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|Sampo wants you to help him find two lost mining tools. One of them is lost in the Great Mine. This should be easy.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Thermal-Powered Mechanical Mining Pick|20|x=1}})
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|Sampo wants you to help him find two lost mining tools. According to him, one of them was taken by a vagrant. Dealing with vagrants is a piece of cake.}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
----
:'''Arrogant Vagrant:''' Who are you? Why didn't you give me a proper greeting? Don't you know the rules around here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hear you're a tough guy, aren't you? Snatching other people's helmets?
:'''Arrogant Vagrant:''' What do you mean by snatching helmets? I picked it up off the ground.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do helmets grow from the ground now?
::'''Arrogant Vagrant:''' What? Don't you understand the human language? Like I said, I found it on the ground. That's the rule in the Underworld. Finders keepers. So, mind your own business!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Quit messing around. This is Sampo's helmet.
::'''Arrogant Vagrant:''' Sam... who? I don't even know who that is. Don't try to blackmail me! And this is my turf, so stay out of it!
:'''Arrogant Vagrant:''' Ah... I get it! You're here to pick a fight with me, aren't you?
;(Obtain {{Item|Customized Pink Safety Helmet|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask Sampo for the treasure map{{subst:void|<!--201050206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|You've met Sampo several times, and he claims to be a friend of yours, but business is business. He will give you a treasure map in return for you finding his mining tools. Now that you've retrieved his tools, it's time to ask for your reward.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sampo)
:'''Sampo:''' Back so soon? How's it going? Did you find those two mining tools?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got what you wanted.
:'''Sampo:''' Wow, so efficient! I sure can't find anyone better than you in this underworld, not even with the help of a Geomarrow lamp!
:'''Sampo:''' Let me check the goods and make sure they're what I'm looking for...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where's my treasure map? Hurry up!
::'''Sampo:''' Relax... I never break my promises. This is just a routine inspection. I'd do the same even if I were dealing with the Supreme Guardian.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} With a color that unique, do you even need to double check?
::'''Sampo:''' Come on, it's just procedure, don't take it so seriously! As I said, I'd do the same even if I were dealing with the Supreme Guardian.
:'''Sampo:''' ...They're indeed the real deal! These are exactly the two mining tools I'm looking for. Here you go &mdash;Be sure to take good care of the treasure map. Just follow the mark on it and you sure will find yourself a surprise!
:This treasure map looks decent... But the details are questionable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this map... legit?
::'''Sampo:''' Of course, it is legit! Just go dig it up the treasure and see for yourself if you don't believe me. I promise there will be good stuff.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sure this is not a fake?
::'''Sampo:''' Nonsense! I fleeced this map from an old miner. No way it could be a fake!
:'''Sampo:''' Relax! All the treasure maps in the Underworld look just like this. No way I could be wrong. Just trust me on this!
:'''Sampo:''' Alright, alright, alright. Time for you to go treasure hunting. I'd be waiting for your good news, hehe...
;(Obtain {{Item|Treasure Map|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the treasure according to the treasure map{{subst:void|<!--201050208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|After you help him find two lost mining tools, Sampo gives you the reward as promised, a mysterious treasure map. The marks on it look odd, but you don't think Sampo would dare to scam you. What kind of treasure is buried in this location? You can't wait to start the treasure hunt.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Anti-Dust Mask|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Sampo with the last mining tool{{subst:void|<!--201050209-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|Using the treasure map, you find the treasure. Thinking of Sampo's promise, you get really annoyed. As a dishonest man, he is not a friend of yours. Perhaps the most trustworthy entity in the underground is the fist. Anyway, it's time to settle this matter with Sampo...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Peak:''' I'm so anxious...Those three mining tools... Why don't you do something!
:'''Sampo:''' Don't worry, I've sent someone to handle this matter. Rest assured.
:'''Sampo:''' Someone's coming. Let's talk about it later.

;(Talk to Sampo)
:'''Sampo:''' Hey, how's it going? Did you find the treasure?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is what you call "Treasure"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't believe I fell for your tricks again...
:'''Sampo:''' Hey, you found something? Come on, just hand it over and then I'll explain.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItem",
	"SubMissionID": 201050209,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": -265096544
	}
}</pre>
:'''Sampo:''' Think about it... aren't these three pieces of mining tools the real treasure to a miner? The total amount of value that could be produced by these pieces of equipment is surely more than any treasure that I know of&mdash;
:'''Sampo:''' &mdash;Hey, calm down! Take it easy. No need to get physical with me. We can just talk it over&mdash;
:'''Peak:''' What are you two talking about? Can you deal with my problem first? I have a shift tomorrow, I can't sleep without the mining equipment... Erh I mean... I can't work without the mining equipment!
:'''Sampo:''' Relax! See&mdash; our {{MC|m=handsome|f=beautiful}} (Trailblazer) has brought this for you, hasn't {{MC|m=he|f=she}}?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are not treating me like a robot, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've saved you twice, Peak...
:'''Peak:''' Oh, it's you! The outsider sent by Dr. Natasha! Thank you so much. If not for you, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to sleep for a whole month...
:'''Sampo:''' ...What? You two already knew each other? Well...If I knew this in the first place, I wouldn't have spent so much effort trying to fool&mdash;
:'''Sampo:''' Oh, I mean, nothing! Hehe, you see, Peak, I always keep my promises! Alright, here's the gas mask, which means you've got all your mining tools now.
:'''Sampo:''' Hey, the cost of finding things has to be included in the agency fee... But since we are such good friends, I will only charge you 30% more this time, okay?
:'''Peak:''' 30&mdash;30%? Alright... Wait, let me see if I've got any change...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what is going on?
::'''Sampo:''' Relax... I'll explain everything to you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you two worked together to scam me?
::'''Sampo:''' Hey, don't say it like that. Just let me explain...
:'''Sampo:''' The mining equipment rental business I told you about before is real. I've asked many people and I realized Peak worked only one day a week in the Great Mine.
:'''Peak:''' Ahem... What do you mean by "only work for one day"? I am actually busy with my other business! Resting three days before starting another day of work can help me work more efficiently.
:'''Sampo:''' So anyway... When you are not working at a job... Um, or should I say, when you are in between jobs, your mining tools are just sitting there. So, the idea came to me. Why don't you just collaborate with me to rent out those tools so that we can make some good money together?
:'''Peak:''' Indeed, you are right, Sampo. You really are the one with the business acumen.
:'''Sampo:''' It was only after I sorted all this out in my head that I learned that this guy had somehow managed to lose all three pieces of his precious equipment. You see, I'm a businessman, not a scavenger. I'm not at all interested in this sort of scavenger job. So, naturally, I immediately thought of you, hehe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I punch you now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't care. Pay up.
:'''Sampo:''' Calm down, calm down! Look, I do have a genuine treasure map here for you.
:'''Sampo:''' I've been taking such good care of this precious of mine... You see, the former owner of this treasure map turned out to have quite the tragic story...
:'''Sampo:''' Once upon a time, there was this old miner who betrayed all his friends just to get his hands on this map. Unfortunately, not long after, one of his friends' daughters came for revenge and killed him.
:'''Peak:''' I seem to have heard a colleague telling me a similar story. I'd never guess the treasure had fallen into your hands. You sure have your ways!
:'''Sampo:''' Hehe, you flatter me. I'm just gifted with the insight to do some good business, that's all. So, I think you can trust me now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you lie to me again...
::'''Sampo:''' I wouldn't dare no more! Fool you once, shame on you. Fool you twice... hehe... I won't do it again, I swear!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop jabbering! Hand it over!
::'''Sampo:''' As long as you are not angry with me, then I will do whatever you say. Hehe!
:'''Sampo:''' Well... Peak got his tools back, my renting business can continue and you got your treasure map... I bet we can say this is a win-win-win situation?
:'''Peak:''' Something seems to be off, but it sounds perfectly reasonable... Sampo, you truly are one smart fellow!
:'''Sampo:''' If you don't mind... I'd like to discuss some confidential business with Peak... What are you waiting for? Go find the treasure!
;(Obtain {{Item|Real Treasure Map|20|x=1}})
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Such a high-profile color... Wait a minute, there seems to be a name written on the helmet &mdash; "Peak"?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (So, Peak is Sampo's supplier? Whatever, none of my business. I should head back to Sampo and collect the reward.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Survival Wisdom
|zhs  = 生存智慧
|zht  = 生存智慧
|ja   = 生存の知恵
|ko   = 생존의 지혜
|es   = Sabiduría de supervivencia
|fr   = Sagesse de la survie
|ru   = Мудрость выживания
|th   = ปัญญาแห่งการอยู่รอด
|vi   = Trí Tuệ Sinh Tồn
|de   = Überlebensweisheit
|id   = Kebijaksanaan Bertahan Hidup
|pt   = Sabedoria de Sobrevivência
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
