<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 1#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8002211
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Tales of the Fantastic Chapter 1.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Tales of the Fantastic
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant]]'' completed
|summary       = Mr. Xiyan has created bizarre stories based on your adventures on the Xianzhou Luofu, claiming they have "great business value." Are his words... really credible?
|characters    = Chunfen; Edelia; Howard; Jinyu; Mr. Xiyan; Todd; Trailblazer; Xuxia; Ziqiao
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = 
|next          = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 2
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*30; Traveler's Guide*3; Refined Aether*2; Credit*25,000
}}
'''''Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 1''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Tales of the Fantastic]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan
# Go to Alchemy Commission and make up stories with Mr. Xiyan
# Enter Mr. Xiyan's story to complete your "trial"
# Use the collected medicinal ingredients to create the miracle pill in the elixir cauldron

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800221108-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Mr. Xiyan seems to be looking for you for something. Go chat with him in Central Starskiff Haven.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' ... You put me in a difficult spot. Storytellers don't have much except a few books stored in our heads. I'll become a pauper if I ever told them all.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' If you're willing to listen to a bit of gossip, then I can certainly fill you in.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about tea, then.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Let me tell you about the Whale-Tide Spring tea, then. They say "one cup of Whale-Tide Spring invigorates the sense and brings the beauty of clouds." Lay back, imbibe, and watch the starry seas.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' It's said that the Vidyadhara high elder roiled the ancient seas like thunder, and submerged the Scalegorge Waterscape delve. Dozens of years later, the Vidyadhara descendants found a flourishing tea tree on a floating isle &mdash; its sturdy branches were beautiful, and its leaves lush like jade.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahh... thinking over such half-truths and legends really lends the tea some extra texture. Don't you think?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear about the legends of Xianzhou.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I could tell you of the Cloud Knight Sword Champion known as the Transcendent Flash... but it's far too long. Just the chapter about the Roaming Star Rahu destroying the Xianzhou Cangcheng takes three whole days and three whole nights.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' The Xianzhou natives don't mind this story at all... but seeing as you are an Outworlder, I don't want to waste your precious time &mdash; so I will spare you from it.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahhh, but... if you would flatter me by coming to my show, then that's another matter entirely.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about your connection to the owner here.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Well well well! You have a keen eye. I can't hide that from you.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Her parents are old friends of mine, and they left her this teahouse here as a kind of a test.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Most foxian traders learn their skills this way. I was asked by her parents to help her run the business from behind the scenes, offering a little guidance or two.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' But she is incredibly talented and intelligent. Soon enough, she'll be able to take charge of everything by herself.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} There are storytellers aboard Xianzhou?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hahaha, I hear this from Outworlders all the time: "Xianzhou is so technologically advanced. Why do you still have storytellers?"
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I know what the question's really asking though. They want to say "there's so much to do on Xianzhou, yet there's something as old-fashioned as this?" Some even consider my presence tacky, that I'm out of place on Starskiff Haven.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Storytelling is indeed a declining art. Few wishes to carry on this tradition, which is a problem. Far more serious is the lack of a stage &mdash; be it storytelling or crosstalk, these are art forms that require an audience.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I know of artistes who rely on their performance for a living. The theater is a thing of the past, and there's nowhere to sing opera... An art form meeting its demise just like that... a true pity.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' And so you see me and ask: What's a storyteller doing, manning a teahouse? If it weren't for the little owner providing me with a venue and food, us old artistes wouldn't be able to feed ourselves.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Okay, let's chat again when you have the time.

;(Talk to Xuxia)
:'''Xuxia:''' Sure, I'm bored as it is. What do you wish to know?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been to many places?
::'''Xuxia:''' Frankly speaking, compared to travelers with short lifespans, I don't think I've been to that many places. It's hard enough for long-life species to leave Xianzhou as it is.
::'''Xuxia:''' But seeing that I've lived longer than any of the short-life species, it'd be a little patronizing to say I haven't been to many places.
::'''Xuxia:''' Over the years, I've taken plenty of professional certifications to fill up any vacancies a crew might have.
::'''Xuxia:''' Let's see, over the years I've followed... sports representative associations, academician visitations, folk troupes, circuses, diplomatic missions... and...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Antimatter Legion.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Don't assume I don't know about them. They're all bad eggs who bring doom to the cosmos.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Deliberate silence)
:::'''Xuxia:''' ... Choirs! I remember now, I sang alto.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are things not going well for you on Xianzhou?
::'''Xuxia:''' I wouldn't say that. Since young, I've always had a hard time sticking around. I was a certified "Foxian Grade 1 Grand Drum Actor" when I was twelve, and then an "S-Ranked Chef" at eighteen.
::'''Xuxia:''' To most Xianzhou natives, this certification grants you at least four centuries of livelihood. But what if I didn't like the job? Can you imagine? Slogging away at a gig you hated for four hundred years?
::'''Xuxia:''' I can't, and I never will.
::'''Xuxia:''' Foxians live for centuries, but living for one, ten, a hundred, ten thousand years, in such a drab place like Xianzhou... what's the point? It's all the same mundane monotony day in, day out.
::'''Xuxia:''' That's why I had to head out to travel, no matter what it took. In a life full of unknowns and thrills, one day of that beats a lifetime of such predictable doldrums.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you normally do back on Xianzhou?
::'''Xuxia:''' Hang out with family, visit friends... Have you heard of Xianzhou's paper kites? I am like a swallow that soars to the skies, and my friends and family are the string that anchors me.
::'''Xuxia:''' I will sell the treasures I bring back to Pawnbroker Handian at the Jeweler's Pagoda. We get along well, and he never hustles me either &mdash; he'll tell me straight to the face that the priceless gem I bought is an "ancient glass ball."
::'''Xuxia:''' Hahaha, that sense of homely comfort, you can't find it anywhere else but Xianzhou.
::'''Xuxia:''' Next up, it's time to walk around Xianzhou and plot my next chance at a voyage.
::'''Xuxia:''' I didn't mean to offend. I've probably lived much longer than you &mdash; it would be a travesty if my life was that less exciting than yours! It's almost imperative that I lead a more interesting life!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
::'''Xuxia:''' All right then. Don't forget to drop my name if you find any interstellar work suitable for me.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502106110)
:'''Xuxia:''' What sort of group is that? That doesn't sound like anything nice! I'm a law-abiding citizen who has never harmed a fly.
::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been to many places?
:::'''Xuxia:''' Frankly speaking, compared to travelers with short lifespans, I don't think I've been to that many places. It's hard enough for long-life species to leave Xianzhou as it is.
:::'''Xuxia:''' But seeing that I've lived longer than any of the short-life species, it'd be a little patronizing to say I haven't been to many places.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Over the years, I've taken plenty of professional certifications to fill up any vacancies a crew might have.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Let's see, over the years I've followed... sports representative associations, academician visitations, folk troupes, circuses, diplomatic missions... and...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Antimatter Legion.
::::'''Xuxia:''' Don't assume I don't know about them. They're all bad eggs who bring doom to the cosmos.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Deliberate silence)
::::'''Xuxia:''' ... Choirs! I remember now, I sang alto.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are things not going well for you on Xianzhou?
:::'''Xuxia:''' I wouldn't say that. Since young, I've always had a hard time sticking around. I was a certified "Foxian Grade 1 Grand Drum Actor" when I was twelve, and then an "S-Ranked Chef" at eighteen.
:::'''Xuxia:''' To most Xianzhou natives, this certification grants you at least four centuries of livelihood. But what if I didn't like the job? Can you imagine? Slogging away at a gig you hated for four hundred years?
:::'''Xuxia:''' I can't, and I never will.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Foxians live for centuries, but living for one, ten, a hundred, ten thousand years, in such a drab place like Xianzhou... what's the point? It's all the same mundane monotony day in, day out.
:::'''Xuxia:''' That's why I had to head out to travel, no matter what it took. In a life full of unknowns and thrills, one day of that beats a lifetime of such predictable doldrums.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you normally do back on Xianzhou?
:::'''Xuxia:''' Hang out with family, visit friends... Have you heard of Xianzhou's paper kites? I am like a swallow that soars to the skies, and my friends and family are the string that anchors me.
:::'''Xuxia:''' I will sell the treasures I bring back to Pawnbroker Handian at the Jeweler's Pagoda. We get along well, and he never hustles me either &mdash; he'll tell me straight to the face that the priceless gem I bought is an "ancient glass ball."
:::'''Xuxia:''' Hahaha, that sense of homely comfort, you can't find it anywhere else but Xianzhou.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Next up, it's time to walk around Xianzhou and plot my next chance at a voyage.
:::'''Xuxia:''' I didn't mean to offend. I've probably lived much longer than you &mdash; it would be a travesty if my life was that less exciting than yours! It's almost imperative that I lead a more interesting life!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
:::'''Xuxia:''' All right then. Don't forget to drop my name if you find any interstellar work suitable for me.

;(Talk to Jinyu)
:'''Jinyu:''' Sure, ask away.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Were you always as romantic as this before you lost your memory?
::'''Jinyu:''' I can't remember a thing about what I was like before I lost my memory, but those who know me say I remain the same way no matter how many times I molt. Besides, if you only had memories for thirty days, you'd be as spontaneous with love as me.
::'''Jinyu:''' ...It seems that since I was so passionate about romance in my previous lives, I am always meeting people who claim to love me "forever." I'm truly sorry, but I just can't remember who they were.
::'''Jinyu:''' Maybe I really did find love! But that version of me is completely different from who I currently am. I don't want to pretend that I'm still that person and to fake my love for others. I'm looking for my true love in this life that I'm living right now!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It must be a real hassle having such a short memory.
::'''Jinyu:''' To be honest, yes. All my friends and memories just get completely wiped after a month, as though the whole world had abandoned me.
::'''Jinyu:''' But having a short memory isn't all that bad. Most of our best memories are brief, just like parties are all destined to end. It's the loneliness between those moments that feels like forever.
::'''Jinyu:''' If I had to face centuries of loneliness and repetition just like everyone else aboard Xianzhou... well, I can't imagine someone like me lasting very long like that.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you keeping a diary of all this?
::'''Jinyu:''' Who keeps a diary? Do you write in a diary? I don't.
::'''Jinyu:''' The person I was in the past never kept any diary, and present-day me doesn't really want to leave anything for the future. Even if my debt of love is impossible to explain, I still don't really care for it.
::'''Jinyu:''' I'm definitely sincere and passionate about every relationship. That's enough for me. If destiny is a thing, then let's fall in love once more &mdash; my arms are always open.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} We'll meet again if destiny permits it.
::'''Jinyu:''' Sure, I feel like we'll meet again anyway.

;(Talk to Howard)
:'''Howard:''' Don't be a stranger. What is it you want to talk about?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to ask you about some Xianzhou trivia.
::'''Howard:''' I heard an interesting rumor from the head of the Sky-Faring Commission.
::'''Howard:''' I went to a meeting between the Sky-Faring Commission and the Xianzhou traders' representatives, and I saw Madam Yukong's beloved bow. It's really a fine weapon. But upon closer inspection, I discovered it wasn't a real bow.
::'''Howard:''' Her arrows are actually self-guided auto-aim ones, and drawing the bow is just used to give a sense of antiquity.
::'''Howard:''' The Xianzhou natives like using a few tricks to mask their strength, and it's probably connected to their propensity for humility.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You came to Xianzhou on a trade mission for the IPC...
::'''Howard:''' Haha, that's not something we can talk about.
::'''Howard:''' Well, to be honest, we offered a handsome price for some of Xianzhou's proud technological achievements, but negotiations didn't actually go so well...
::'''Howard:''' But I trust that Xianzhou isn't a conservative place. Hard work always pays off &mdash; and breakthroughs are always possible.
::'''Howard:''' That's about as much as I can say on this. Hope you forgive me! Hahaha.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you got any advice for an Outworlder?
::'''Howard:''' I was gifted a manual when I first got here, called ''100 Common Xianzhou Proverbs for Outworlders''. It's a lousy title, I know, but the book itself is great.
::'''Howard:''' The book is really practical, mentioning tons of proverbs and sayings that the Xianzhou natives commonly use. It's a fantastic window into Xianzhou culture if that's something you're interested in.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Until we meet again.
::'''Howard:''' Until we meet again.

;(Talk to Todd)
:'''Todd:''' Chat? Alright, I can use a break now anyway. Besides, chatting with different people aboard Xianzhou also forms part of my research.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the Intelligentsia Guild do?
::'''Todd:''' I may be a student there, but my opinion of the Intelligentsia Guild is bound to be biased. So take this with a grain of salt.
::'''Todd:''' Put simply, the Intelligentsia Guild is an academic organization in symbiosis with the Interastral Peace Corporation. Our motto is "All knowledge must be circulated as freely as currency."
::'''Todd:''' Our scholars traverse the universe collecting all knowledge of value, and trading learnings with other scholars in the hope of attaining priceless wisdom.
::'''Todd:''' It's hard to explain, but basically, all you need to know is that we're a group that trades knowledge to gain true wisdom.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Don't the Xianzhou natives research history?
::'''Todd:''' It's not that they don't study it. It's just that what they call "history" is a completely different concept from what our short-life species consider to be history.
::'''Todd:''' It's a simple concept. Would you consider the abandoned theater that you used to visit as a child as some kind of archaeological ruin? What we consider to be ancient history is merely a childhood memory for the long-lived Xianzhou natives.
::'''Todd:''' That's why the Xianzhou natives don't really value their own cultural relics, just as we don't really care about dilapidated buildings back home. They also don't really get the concept of written history, because "history" still lives within their memories.
::'''Todd:''' But everything must come to an eventual end one day, and the Xianzhou natives are no exception. As a student of the Intelligentsia Guild, how can I sit idly by? They don't care, but I do &mdash; so I'm here to record the magnificence of our cosmos's history.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your purpose behind doing all of this?
::'''Todd:''' You sound just like one of my tutors! *sigh* That reminds me of school and having to find a practical purpose for every academic topic I wanted to write about...
::'''Todd:''' Cough, ahem... but of course, it's useful to study the history of Xianzhou. After all, we all know that the secret of immortality lies hidden somewhere here. The Xianzhou natives might be able to keep their secret, but history shall never be kept silent.
::'''Todd:''' So long as we can piece together enough clues from the rubble and scraps around us, perhaps it'll lead us to finding that legendary secret here on Xianzhou...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all, I can see you're busy.
::'''Todd:''' Yes, let us part ways here. If you see any interesting historical relics, give me a holler.

;(Talk to Ziqiao)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502011501-->)
::'''Ziqiao:''' Heron Express, at your service! Have you made a delivery booking with us?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you again?
:::'''Ziqiao:''' I'm Ziqiao, a logistics specialist from Heron Express.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Delivery?
:::'''Ziqiao:''' That's right. For deliveries, please book a courier with Heron Express. I'm a Heron Express Specialist &mdash; Ziqiao's my name.
::'''Ziqiao:''' If you've got a delivery to send, please enter your shipping info via our Heron Express app. If you're waiting to receive a delivery, please wait for our courier cycranes' notification. If you'd like to send a delivery, please bring it to our office.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Courier cycranes are everywhere aboard the Xianzhou.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' Haha, Xianzhou relies heavily on Heron Express Specialists: Delivering meals, online shopping, within-city deliveries... It'd be very difficult to operate Xianzhou without Heron Express.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' Don't listen to all those claims about being able to stay indoors here. Without courier deliveries, do you really think anyone could stand staying in? Nobody could.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I saw a lot of parcels outside.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' This always gives me a headache. Some were put on hold due to cycrane failure; some were because the customer filled out their contact details incorrectly, so we couldn't get in touch with them.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' It may be my job to deal with these abandoned parcels, but there're just too many. If we can't track down the owner, we end up donating things to charity.
::'''Ziqiao:''' But then again, I'm still on the clock right now. If you don't have anything to send right now, keep Heron Express in mind for next time. Our slogan is: Heron Express &mdash; We Mail Anything.
::'''Ziqiao:''' If there's nothing else, I'm getting back to work.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502011501-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502115301
}</pre>
::'''Ziqiao:''' We can do same-day delivery for small and medium packages. Big ones take two to three days, though. If you have any other requirements, please let us know.

;(Talk to Edelia)
:'''Edelia:''' Sure, a casual chat it is then. It's not like I've got anywhere else to be.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Did you get any information on immortality?
::'''Edelia:''' ...You sure ask hard-hitting questions. Xianzhou has rules &mdash; we should not be talking about this in public.
::'''Edelia:''' Then again, this isn't some clandestine secret. Do you realize how much of an eyecatcher the Ambrosial Arbor is? Anyone can find high ground on the Xianzhou Luofu and see it clear as day.
::'''Edelia:''' Even if everyone's traps are sealed shut, that giant Ambrosial Arbor won't stay silent. It will soon tell us what the secret is. The Jade Gate's closure is the first clue.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you do to make money now?
::'''Edelia:''' Once the boss of the Petrichor Inn knew of my plight, they promised to introduce some jobs to me.
::'''Edelia:''' An Outworlder business owner had me write fake comments for short videos as a part-time gig. It was simple and entry-level, so I gave it a shot.
::'''Edelia:''' Under each video, I wrote, "Children love this, great for sensitive skin too." I did that for LOTS of videos.
::'''Edelia:''' In the end, that business owner was taken away by the Realm-Keeping Commission, and I didn't get paid. All that work down the drain.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What plans do you have next?
::'''Edelia:''' Next? No different from now, I guess. Doing menial jobs, and just waiting. I feel that this puzzle to immortality is like trying to contain fire with paper &mdash; it can't be kept under wraps forever...
::'''Edelia:''' Perhaps I'll get the chance to become long-life species. I can still make my decision when that time comes... then again, Xianzhou might not necessarily let me leave then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you want to become immortal?
:::'''Edelia:''' You say it like you were not interested in immortality at all.
:::'''Edelia:''' I have witnessed the vastness of the cosmos. One lifetime is too short to satisfy my curiosity.
:::'''Edelia:''' If I had infinite life, I would travel through the entirety of the universe. You get that, don't you?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think I'll ever get that chance.
:::'''Edelia:''' I'm not that obsessed with the notion. If it's really not possible, I'll just leave.
:::'''Edelia:''' I have witnessed the vastness of the cosmos. One lifetime is too short to satisfy my curiosity.
:::'''Edelia:''' If I had infinite life, I would travel through the entirety of the universe. You get that, don't you?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have nothing else to ask.
::'''Edelia:''' All right, be careful on your travels. If you find any work I can do, please let me know. If you hear anything about the secret to immortality... you know, don't hog it all.

;(Talk to Chunfen)
:'''Chunfen:''' Okay okay~ my favorite thing to do is casual chats with people!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you singing?
::'''Chunfen:''' The song I was just singing? It's a Vidyadhara elegy called ''Dragontooth Tales''~ The story is about a high elder, and even though I don't quite understand what the lyrics mean, I know it's quite a mournful song.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And high elders are...?
:::'''Chunfen:''' Don't ask a kid such a difficult question!
:::'''Chunfen:''' High elders are... well... they're high, and they're elders! It's probably better to go and ask a grown-up.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!

:{{Black Screen|You finally finish telling your story, and Mr. Xiyan looks pretty pleased, too &mdash; this old fox has apparently played a winning hand.}}
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Good game... Ahem, I mean, good story! You are done there with the story, right? Don't look at me like that. I've been listening attentively the whole time.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Your story, however, has some issues: Even though the plot is not that boring, it's written in a way that is overstretched, underwhelming, and predictable. I can see where it's going from a mile away...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But that's how it happened! It's a true story!
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Let me tell you the truth, hard as it is to hear: Who cares about the truth!? If you want the truth, just go and watch the news instead!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Whatever~ Just pay me the money for my story, and we can still be on friendly terms.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Come on. Don't be like that. I didn't mean it like that...
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I just feel that if you want your legend to pass far and wide throughout the Luofu &mdash; or even all of Xianzhou, &mdash; then we'll need to take some creative liberties.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' And hearing you talk about combat... *sigh* How should I put it... Hmm... It's really stale! You hit me, then I hit you &mdash; it's a bit monotonous.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' You know about the Immersia genre we have here on the Xianzhou, right? Or perhaps it should be called an interactive fantasy experience, despite what IPC thinks. Well, those fights are exhilarating. Leaping onto roofs and over walls, splitting open time and space, anything goes...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Overall, I think this story is lacking a few exciting elements that we need to draw in the audience!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' But its commercial potential is unlimited. What should I do... Please hold on one second. I'm just fetching something for you.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_storytelling_01"
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMIssion_8002211_1.png"
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' This thing is what we in the industry call a Protagonist Model. Legend has it that some Immersia troupe has invented this magical tool for industrial-scale screenwriting.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": false,
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMIssion_8002211_1.png"
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' And even though Akivili takes on thousands of different forms within thousands of different Nameless, you may have heard that... Actually, there're only a dozen or so archetypal protagonists recycled through these classic legends and tales.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' This shows that there are rules to follow when telling an alluring story. And that's how this thing rose to meet the occasion.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Take a gander. All you have to do is set up a diverse range of encounters for a protagonist along a Hero's Journey, and let the protagonist gain various mystical abilities and treasures... Before magnificently defeating a powerful foe! That's how you make a wonderful story!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' My explanation alone can't do it justice. You'd better take a look yourself.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' In short, the Protagonist Model is like a simple magic wand... So long as you follow its patterns, you can easily craft pulse-racing heart-pumping stories for your audience.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' How about this &mdash; you and I hit up a site of your former battles: The Alchemy Commission. Revisiting old haunts will definitely get the creative juices flowing. Let's flesh out this Protagonist Model.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine, I'll humor you, since I'm such a nice and helpful protagonist.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I knew you were kind-hearted!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is becoming too much of a hassle for me...
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Don't say that! I'll make it worth your while~ You can refuse me, but you won't refuse money, will you?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Alright! Let's push on then to the Alchemy Commission~
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Alchemy Commission and make up stories with Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800221101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|Mr. Xiyan wants to adopt your adventure into a storytelling tale. However, due to some commercial reasons, he would like to make some... modifications to your experience.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' If I was not mistaken, the decisive battle in your adventure began right over here at the Evemist Mansion, correct?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Correct.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are we going straight to this decisive battle?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ah, you don't understand. You see, the audience's time is precious, and their patience ever thinning. People want it all to be over in a minute, a whole show. Slow-paced storytelling is a big no-no.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Even we storytellers have to take our cues from the audience. Get them warmed up with an icebreaker, then with a snap, we'll cut straight to the most exciting part.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' You said that this was where you and your companions fought against the master primus of the Sanctus Medicus. Was there any conflict that you encountered here? Or perhaps, did she stoop to any dastardly tricks to really put you in between a rock and a hard place?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just walked up and started fighting.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She wasn't even all that tough...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Combat difficulty: Very easy.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' H&mdash;how is that possible? How can a great battle be exciting without any swerves or setbacks?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Please give me a moment to sketch out a scene... Ah, here we go!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Listen up &mdash; "The Legion was in cahoots with the master primus of the Sanctus Medicus. Using their arcane powers, they activated elixir cauldrons to spew forth venomous vapors as they tried to take out (Trailblazer) and the other munificent heroes in one fell swoop!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "For a moment, a mesmerizing miasma filled the air at the Alchemy Commission. Despite the vigor and strength of (Trailblazer), it was too much to deal with and simply overwhelming..."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The situation grew so grave that (Trailblazer) and {{MC|f=her|m=his}} companions concocted a genius plan..."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Stuck between a rock and a hard place, the realization suddenly dawned that this was still the Alchemy Commission: A paradise known for forging the elixir of life!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have received their mandate from the Ruin Author. We though can strive for a miracle pill from the Alchemy Commission, turning over a new leaf to be born anew through generations of cultivated power!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What the heck was all that gibberish?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' That wasn't gibberish! We Xianzhou people love hearing stories play out like this.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' A glorious treasure: The elixir of life. Take it for a shortcut past centuries of martial art practice and cultivation. Then suddenly, pow! We're smashing enemies left and right. What's not to love about that?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did this turn into a story about forging a miracle pill?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' The arena is set inside the "Alchemy Commission," right? It's foreshadowing with a payoff!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Don't interrupt me. It's a good start. Next, it'll go...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "A fortuitous encounter! (Trailblazer) studied the surroundings carefully, fixating on three elixir cauldrons on display at the Alchemy Commission."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) suddenly remembered that the Vidyadhara Healer Lady had once mentioned these three elixir cauldrons, and how they contained essential extracts of everything in the universe condensed into elixirs of life."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Once put together, these three divine ingredients can be concocted into the Elixir of Dragon Oil, which can make you be born anew and achieve transcendence."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't that name sound like "lazy writing"?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That name sounds totally fake!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds fishy. Who on earth would take dodgy drugs like this?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Listen, this isn't some half-baked "cure-all quackery." All it does is help you "ascend to the heavens," which is not that far-fetched, plotwise.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I am sorry for the ad-lib naming here. Anyway, what else am I going to call an elixir that magically imbues powers like this? Erm... Let's go over to that elixir cauldron over there and keep at it. I'm sure that'll give us some quality inspiration.
----
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) transformed into a cycrane, weaving and darting around the elixir cauldron to clear the trial left behind by the first Cauldron Master."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "What (Trailblazer) beholds is a lotus blooming with ice crystals while in flames... This is a medicine that has been extinct since the Theophany Era! The Icefire Lotus!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The Icefire Lotus is utterly indispensable when concocting an Elixir of Dragon Oil!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does such a medicinal herb really exist?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Just pretend it does!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't even comment on how that name sounds so...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' C'mon, let's go then. On to the next elixir cauldron... Just bear with me, okay? Seeing these places in person really got my creative juices flowing.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Enter Mr. Xiyan's story to complete your "trial"{{subst:void|<!--800221103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|In this made-up story, the first Cauldron Master of the Alchemy Commission designed a series of trials for their successors. Only by passing through these trials can one concoct the elixir that can make oneself be born anew.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 800221117,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 3,
		"Name": "OldValue_3",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Thinking of this, (Trailblazer) jumped right into the elixir cauldron..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Stare at Mr. Xiyan in silence)
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' What's wrong?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm afraid it would roast me alive.
:::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' We're not writing a horror story here. Rest assured, graphic scenes like that would never make it past the rating board.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that really safe?
:::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Dropping in a meaningless crisis element here would be the work of a hack and a fraud. I think not.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you just jumping the shark here?
:::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' It's just an outline for now. Don't think about it too much. We'll polish it later. The first draft is mainly about getting that flash of inspiration.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Our hero enters the elixir cauldron."
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 800221117,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 3,
		"Name": "OldValue_3",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Hang on. Let me prepare myself.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' No problem~ Take your time.
----
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) completed another one of the first Cauldron Master's trials. What appeared next before our hero was a mushroom flitting in and out of existence."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "It is written that this is no mortal mushroom. It sits within a state between existence and non-existence, constantly fluctuating between the real and the imaginary... It is called the 'Life-Death Polypore'."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Finally, we're getting down to quantum mechanics!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Right then, (Trailblazer) had the Life-Death Polypore, lacking only one final medicinal herb before the Elixir of Dragon Oil could be concocted!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do I get the feeling you're just making up all these names as you go...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Xianzhou sure has lots of weird mushrooms, huh?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hey, no way! Actually, I have a little notebook where I record all kinds of obscure things in. I can show you it if you want.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So these medicinal herbs, they really do all exist?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' The names of these medicinal herbs... are indeed constructions of my imagination! I mean, not all of them are completely made up... Ahem, enough gossip and bluster. Let's get to the next cauldron and start cooking up that next story, hmm?
----
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 800221118,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Having plucked the Icefire Lotus, (Trailblazer) seizes an opportunity and leaps into another elixir cauldron!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh c'mon, not this again.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Little do you know, repetitive behavior instills a sense of ritual in people. That's why important details have to be repeated a few times over and over.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Our hero enters the elixir cauldron."
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 800221118,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Name": "OldValue_0",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me catch my breath a sec...
:::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' No problem~ Rest up, and come chat with me any time.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me catch my breath a sec...
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' No problem~ Rest up, and come chat with me any time.
----
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) completed yet another trial, only to find {{MC|f=her|m=him}}self trapped in a vast white fog. Once it cleared, (Trailblazer) saw a huge tree with floating roots."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Despite no obvious breeze, the floating roots swayed in the air, cleaving the very air in twain with flashes of lighting paired to each swing."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "This then was the most precious medicinal herb hidden at the Alchemy Commission &mdash; the Whirlbolt Pneumatophore. (Trailblazer) harvested the best of the floating roots, and left this fantasia of the first Cauldron Master."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Whirlbolt"... Wouldn't that shock me?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' How could it? The Whirlbolt Pneumatophore's electricity merely unblocks the meridians as it massages and stimulates blood flow. It's a great remedy and not at all dangerous.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That doesn't sound like something a cycrane should touch...
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' No no no, that's not actually a cycrane. It's the result of your true, pure, unfettered soul projected into the first Cauldron Master's fantasia. You can't really think of it in terms of a normal cycrane.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There is a limit to suspension of disbelief, you know...
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' It's what the audience wants, though. Competition in entertainment circles is so fierce these days. How are we storytellers supposed to compete with all the razzle-dazzle and hype of something like immersia? There's only one answer: Manufactured outrage!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're just making it all up as you go, aren't you?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Isn't that how we storytellers earn our crust, day in day out?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Competition in entertainment circles is so fierce these days. How are we storytellers supposed to compete with all the razzle-dazzle and hype of something like immersia? There's only one answer: Manufactured outrage!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I can say all the stuff they can't do in immersia. And I can say what they don't dare say in immersia. Anyway, there's no tax on bragging, and words have a habit of disappearing like the wind...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahem, back to the topic at hand...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Previously, our hero (Trailblazer) acquired all three medicinal herbs required to concoct the Elixir of Dragon Oil... All that remained was to cast the ingredients in the elixir crucible and this miracle elixir would be {{MC|f=hers|m=his}}!"
----

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Previously, our hero (Trailblazer) acquired all three medicinal herbs required to concoct the Elixir of Dragon Oil... All that remained was to cast the ingredients in the elixir crucible and this miracle elixir would be {{MC|f=hers|m=his}}!"
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 800221119,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"Name": "OldValue_1",
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1
		]
	}
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' How about it then? Ready to start plotting out the next part of your story?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Having plucked the Life-Death Polypore, (Trailblazer) goes all or nothing, leaping into another elixir cauldron!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Our hero enters the elixir cauldron."
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetMissionCustomValue",
	"SubmissionID": 800221119,
	"MissionCustomValue": {
		"Index": 1,
		"Name": "OldValue_1",
		"isLocal": true,
		"ValidValueParamList": [
			1
		]
	},
	"CustomValue": 1
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me catch my breath again...
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Alright. I'll be sketching out the rest of the outline then~
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the collected medicinal ingredients to create the miracle pill in the elixir cauldron{{subst:void|<!--800221120-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Alchemy Commission|update|You completed the trial form the first Cauldron Master of the Alchemy Commission in Mr. Xiyan's story and collected all the ingredients needed to create the pills. Now is the time to craft these into the miracle pill and facilitate your transformation!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) placed the three medicinal herbs into the crucible, one by one. First came the Icefire Lotus: Its fiery heat and blasting cold blended together, bursting out infinite natural force."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Next, came the Life-Death Polypore: Its quantum impermanence stabilizes the paradox inherent in the lotus."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Finally, (Trailblazer) tossed the Whirlbolt Pneumatophore into the crucible. With a flash of thunder and lightning, out of the blue an entire thunderstorm formed inside one square inch of the crucible!"
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_xianzhou_storytelling_02"
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"ImagePath": "SpriteOutput/Mission/TalkItem/SubMission_140294.png"
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "And that, my friend, is what leads a mortal onto the path of IMMORTALITY..." Uh oh! No no no no... I shouldn't have used that word on the Xianzhou... "Anyways... It's basically a miracle drug that makes you be born anew and achieve transcendence. Behold, the Elixir of Dragon Oil!"
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TalkFigure",
	"Show": false
}</pre>
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) swallowed the miracle elixir, and instantly felt as light as a feather but as strong as an ox. Our hero could leap thirty thousand miles in a second, or lift up ten thousand tons!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) knew, now was the time to settle the score with those pathetic, detestable Disciples of Sanctus Medicus wreaking havoc on the Xianzhou."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The way you tell it makes me sound like I'm a Disciple of Sanctus Medicus...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are we... the baddies?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ha, listen to yourself... Power in and of itself knows no good or bad. Only people do. Is a kitchen knife evil when it's in the hands of a chef or when it's in the hands of a murderer?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Less idle chit-chat! Please ladies and gentlemen, esteemed guests: Lend me your ears! Next up we have the main feature: 'Calamity Ensnares Commission of Alchemy, Nameless Battles Author of Plagues!'"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ah, if we put it like that, then this act will be complete...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's what you call complete?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened to the fight against the Plagues Author demon?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ah, you don't understand. The most difficult thing for us screenwriters is the protagonist's development... Once the protagonist's character is settled, it's gonna be so easy to just write in as many battles as you want!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Look, this isn't exactly the best writing place for us... Come back to the Starskiff Haven with me, and after I process all of today's inspiration, we can chat more about combat details.
----
;(Obtain {{Item|Elixir of Dragon Oil|20|x=1}})

;(Lose {{Item|Icefire Lotus|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 1
|zhs  = 评书奇谭•第一回
|zht  = 評書奇譚•第一回
|ja   = 講談奇譚・第一回
|ko   = 진기한 이야기•제1장
|es   = Narraciones extraordinarias: acto 1
|fr   = Contes fantastiques &mdash; Chapitre&nbsp;1
|ru   = Чудесные сказания. Глава I
|th   = เรื่องเล่าขานตำนานการผจญภัย: บทที่ 1
|vi   = Kỳ Truyện Bình Thư 1
|de   = Geschichten des Fantastischen – Kapitel 1
|id   = Dongeng Luar Biasa - Bag. 1
|pt   = Contos do Fantástico - Capítulo 1
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
