<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8002231
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Tales of the Fantastic Chapter 3.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Tales of the Fantastic
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 2]]'' completed
|summary       = Mr. Xiyan has completed his stories, and surprisingly, he managed to find investors for them! If his stories succeed in the market, Mellow-Golden-Mayor may soon become Meager-Goner-Minor!
|characters    = (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe); Chunfen; Edelia; Howard; Jinyu; Mr. Xiyan; Todd; Trailblazer; Xuxia; Ziqiao
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 2
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*30; Traveler's Guide*3; Credit*30,000
}}
'''''Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Tales of the Fantastic]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan
# Head to Scalegorge Waterscape and meet Mr. Xiyan
# Forge "divine weapons" with the high elder
# The divine weapon is complete. It's time to head to the final battle

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800223101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|It's time to go listen to what Mr. Xiyan will make up for the next part of the story. Hopefully he'll hold himself back this time and don't write any more ridiculous twists and turns... Never mind. That's not gonna happen.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' ... You put me in a difficult spot. Storytellers don't have much except a few books stored in our heads. I'll become a pauper if I ever told them all.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' If you're willing to listen to a bit of gossip, then I can certainly fill you in.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about tea, then.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Let me tell you about the Whale-Tide Spring tea, then. They say "one cup of Whale-Tide Spring invigorates the sense and brings the beauty of clouds." Lay back, imbibe, and watch the starry seas.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' It's said that the Vidyadhara high elder roiled the ancient seas like thunder, and submerged the Scalegorge Waterscape delve. Dozens of years later, the Vidyadhara descendants found a flourishing tea tree on a floating isle &mdash; its sturdy branches were beautiful, and its leaves lush like jade.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahh... thinking over such half-truths and legends really lends the tea some extra texture. Don't you think?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear about the legends of Xianzhou.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I could tell you of the Cloud Knight Sword Champion known as the Transcendent Flash... but it's far too long. Just the chapter about the Roaming Star Rahu destroying the Xianzhou Cangcheng takes three whole days and three whole nights.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' The Xianzhou natives don't mind this story at all... but seeing as you are an Outworlder, I don't want to waste your precious time &mdash; so I will spare you from it.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahhh, but... if you would flatter me by coming to my show, then that's another matter entirely.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about your connection to the owner here.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Well well well! You have a keen eye. I can't hide that from you.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Her parents are old friends of mine, and they left her this teahouse here as a kind of a test.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Most foxian traders learn their skills this way. I was asked by her parents to help her run the business from behind the scenes, offering a little guidance or two.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' But she is incredibly talented and intelligent. Soon enough, she'll be able to take charge of everything by herself.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} There are storytellers aboard Xianzhou?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hahaha, I hear this from Outworlders all the time: "Xianzhou is so technologically advanced. Why do you still have storytellers?"
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I know what the question's really asking though. They want to say "there's so much to do on Xianzhou, yet there's something as old-fashioned as this?" Some even consider my presence tacky, that I'm out of place on Starskiff Haven.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Storytelling is indeed a declining art. Few wishes to carry on this tradition, which is a problem. Far more serious is the lack of a stage &mdash; be it storytelling or crosstalk, these are art forms that require an audience.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I know of artistes who rely on their performance for a living. The theater is a thing of the past, and there's nowhere to sing opera... An art form meeting its demise just like that... a true pity.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' And so you see me and ask: What's a storyteller doing, manning a teahouse? If it weren't for the little owner providing me with a venue and food, us old artistes wouldn't be able to feed ourselves.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Okay, let's chat again when you have the time.

;(Talk to Xuxia)
:'''Xuxia:''' Sure, I'm bored as it is. What do you wish to know?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been to many places?
::'''Xuxia:''' Frankly speaking, compared to travelers with short lifespans, I don't think I've been to that many places. It's hard enough for long-life species to leave Xianzhou as it is.
::'''Xuxia:''' But seeing that I've lived longer than any of the short-life species, it'd be a little patronizing to say I haven't been to many places.
::'''Xuxia:''' Over the years, I've taken plenty of professional certifications to fill up any vacancies a crew might have.
::'''Xuxia:''' Let's see, over the years I've followed... sports representative associations, academician visitations, folk troupes, circuses, diplomatic missions... and...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Antimatter Legion.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Don't assume I don't know about them. They're all bad eggs who bring doom to the cosmos.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Deliberate silence)
:::'''Xuxia:''' ... Choirs! I remember now, I sang alto.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are things not going well for you on Xianzhou?
::'''Xuxia:''' I wouldn't say that. Since young, I've always had a hard time sticking around. I was a certified "Foxian Grade 1 Grand Drum Actor" when I was twelve, and then an "S-Ranked Chef" at eighteen.
::'''Xuxia:''' To most Xianzhou natives, this certification grants you at least four centuries of livelihood. But what if I didn't like the job? Can you imagine? Slogging away at a gig you hated for four hundred years?
::'''Xuxia:''' I can't, and I never will.
::'''Xuxia:''' Foxians live for centuries, but living for one, ten, a hundred, ten thousand years, in such a drab place like Xianzhou... what's the point? It's all the same mundane monotony day in, day out.
::'''Xuxia:''' That's why I had to head out to travel, no matter what it took. In a life full of unknowns and thrills, one day of that beats a lifetime of such predictable doldrums.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you normally do back on Xianzhou?
::'''Xuxia:''' Hang out with family, visit friends... Have you heard of Xianzhou's paper kites? I am like a swallow that soars to the skies, and my friends and family are the string that anchors me.
::'''Xuxia:''' I will sell the treasures I bring back to Pawnbroker Handian at the Jeweler's Pagoda. We get along well, and he never hustles me either &mdash; he'll tell me straight to the face that the priceless gem I bought is an "ancient glass ball."
::'''Xuxia:''' Hahaha, that sense of homely comfort, you can't find it anywhere else but Xianzhou.
::'''Xuxia:''' Next up, it's time to walk around Xianzhou and plot my next chance at a voyage.
::'''Xuxia:''' I didn't mean to offend. I've probably lived much longer than you &mdash; it would be a travesty if my life was that less exciting than yours! It's almost imperative that I lead a more interesting life!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
::'''Xuxia:''' All right then. Don't forget to drop my name if you find any interstellar work suitable for me.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502106110)
:'''Xuxia:''' What sort of group is that? That doesn't sound like anything nice! I'm a law-abiding citizen who has never harmed a fly.
::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been to many places?
:::'''Xuxia:''' Frankly speaking, compared to travelers with short lifespans, I don't think I've been to that many places. It's hard enough for long-life species to leave Xianzhou as it is.
:::'''Xuxia:''' But seeing that I've lived longer than any of the short-life species, it'd be a little patronizing to say I haven't been to many places.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Over the years, I've taken plenty of professional certifications to fill up any vacancies a crew might have.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Let's see, over the years I've followed... sports representative associations, academician visitations, folk troupes, circuses, diplomatic missions... and...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Antimatter Legion.
::::'''Xuxia:''' Don't assume I don't know about them. They're all bad eggs who bring doom to the cosmos.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Deliberate silence)
::::'''Xuxia:''' ... Choirs! I remember now, I sang alto.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are things not going well for you on Xianzhou?
:::'''Xuxia:''' I wouldn't say that. Since young, I've always had a hard time sticking around. I was a certified "Foxian Grade 1 Grand Drum Actor" when I was twelve, and then an "S-Ranked Chef" at eighteen.
:::'''Xuxia:''' To most Xianzhou natives, this certification grants you at least four centuries of livelihood. But what if I didn't like the job? Can you imagine? Slogging away at a gig you hated for four hundred years?
:::'''Xuxia:''' I can't, and I never will.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Foxians live for centuries, but living for one, ten, a hundred, ten thousand years, in such a drab place like Xianzhou... what's the point? It's all the same mundane monotony day in, day out.
:::'''Xuxia:''' That's why I had to head out to travel, no matter what it took. In a life full of unknowns and thrills, one day of that beats a lifetime of such predictable doldrums.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you normally do back on Xianzhou?
:::'''Xuxia:''' Hang out with family, visit friends... Have you heard of Xianzhou's paper kites? I am like a swallow that soars to the skies, and my friends and family are the string that anchors me.
:::'''Xuxia:''' I will sell the treasures I bring back to Pawnbroker Handian at the Jeweler's Pagoda. We get along well, and he never hustles me either &mdash; he'll tell me straight to the face that the priceless gem I bought is an "ancient glass ball."
:::'''Xuxia:''' Hahaha, that sense of homely comfort, you can't find it anywhere else but Xianzhou.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Next up, it's time to walk around Xianzhou and plot my next chance at a voyage.
:::'''Xuxia:''' I didn't mean to offend. I've probably lived much longer than you &mdash; it would be a travesty if my life was that less exciting than yours! It's almost imperative that I lead a more interesting life!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
:::'''Xuxia:''' All right then. Don't forget to drop my name if you find any interstellar work suitable for me.

;(Talk to Jinyu)
:'''Jinyu:''' Sure, ask away.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Were you always as romantic as this before you lost your memory?
::'''Jinyu:''' I can't remember a thing about what I was like before I lost my memory, but those who know me say I remain the same way no matter how many times I molt. Besides, if you only had memories for thirty days, you'd be as spontaneous with love as me.
::'''Jinyu:''' ...It seems that since I was so passionate about romance in my previous lives, I am always meeting people who claim to love me "forever." I'm truly sorry, but I just can't remember who they were.
::'''Jinyu:''' Maybe I really did find love! But that version of me is completely different from who I currently am. I don't want to pretend that I'm still that person and to fake my love for others. I'm looking for my true love in this life that I'm living right now!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It must be a real hassle having such a short memory.
::'''Jinyu:''' To be honest, yes. All my friends and memories just get completely wiped after a month, as though the whole world had abandoned me.
::'''Jinyu:''' But having a short memory isn't all that bad. Most of our best memories are brief, just like parties are all destined to end. It's the loneliness between those moments that feels like forever.
::'''Jinyu:''' If I had to face centuries of loneliness and repetition just like everyone else aboard Xianzhou... well, I can't imagine someone like me lasting very long like that.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you keeping a diary of all this?
::'''Jinyu:''' Who keeps a diary? Do you write in a diary? I don't.
::'''Jinyu:''' The person I was in the past never kept any diary, and present-day me doesn't really want to leave anything for the future. Even if my debt of love is impossible to explain, I still don't really care for it.
::'''Jinyu:''' I'm definitely sincere and passionate about every relationship. That's enough for me. If destiny is a thing, then let's fall in love once more &mdash; my arms are always open.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} We'll meet again if destiny permits it.
::'''Jinyu:''' Sure, I feel like we'll meet again anyway.

;(Talk to Howard)
:'''Howard:''' Don't be a stranger. What is it you want to talk about?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to ask you about some Xianzhou trivia.
::'''Howard:''' I heard an interesting rumor from the head of the Sky-Faring Commission.
::'''Howard:''' I went to a meeting between the Sky-Faring Commission and the Xianzhou traders' representatives, and I saw Madam Yukong's beloved bow. It's really a fine weapon. But upon closer inspection, I discovered it wasn't a real bow.
::'''Howard:''' Her arrows are actually self-guided auto-aim ones, and drawing the bow is just used to give a sense of antiquity.
::'''Howard:''' The Xianzhou natives like using a few tricks to mask their strength, and it's probably connected to their propensity for humility.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You came to Xianzhou on a trade mission for the IPC...
::'''Howard:''' Haha, that's not something we can talk about.
::'''Howard:''' Well, to be honest, we offered a handsome price for some of Xianzhou's proud technological achievements, but negotiations didn't actually go so well...
::'''Howard:''' But I trust that Xianzhou isn't a conservative place. Hard work always pays off &mdash; and breakthroughs are always possible.
::'''Howard:''' That's about as much as I can say on this. Hope you forgive me! Hahaha.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you got any advice for an Outworlder?
::'''Howard:''' I was gifted a manual when I first got here, called ''100 Common Xianzhou Proverbs for Outworlders''. It's a lousy title, I know, but the book itself is great.
::'''Howard:''' The book is really practical, mentioning tons of proverbs and sayings that the Xianzhou natives commonly use. It's a fantastic window into Xianzhou culture if that's something you're interested in.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Until we meet again.
::'''Howard:''' Until we meet again.

;(Talk to Todd)
:'''Todd:''' Chat? Alright, I can use a break now anyway. Besides, chatting with different people aboard Xianzhou also forms part of my research.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the Intelligentsia Guild do?
::'''Todd:''' I may be a student there, but my opinion of the Intelligentsia Guild is bound to be biased. So take this with a grain of salt.
::'''Todd:''' Put simply, the Intelligentsia Guild is an academic organization in symbiosis with the Interastral Peace Corporation. Our motto is "All knowledge must be circulated as freely as currency."
::'''Todd:''' Our scholars traverse the universe collecting all knowledge of value, and trading learnings with other scholars in the hope of attaining priceless wisdom.
::'''Todd:''' It's hard to explain, but basically, all you need to know is that we're a group that trades knowledge to gain true wisdom.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Don't the Xianzhou natives research history?
::'''Todd:''' It's not that they don't study it. It's just that what they call "history" is a completely different concept from what our short-life species consider to be history.
::'''Todd:''' It's a simple concept. Would you consider the abandoned theater that you used to visit as a child as some kind of archaeological ruin? What we consider to be ancient history is merely a childhood memory for the long-lived Xianzhou natives.
::'''Todd:''' That's why the Xianzhou natives don't really value their own cultural relics, just as we don't really care about dilapidated buildings back home. They also don't really get the concept of written history, because "history" still lives within their memories.
::'''Todd:''' But everything must come to an eventual end one day, and the Xianzhou natives are no exception. As a student of the Intelligentsia Guild, how can I sit idly by? They don't care, but I do &mdash; so I'm here to record the magnificence of our cosmos's history.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your purpose behind doing all of this?
::'''Todd:''' You sound just like one of my tutors! *sigh* That reminds me of school and having to find a practical purpose for every academic topic I wanted to write about...
::'''Todd:''' Cough, ahem... but of course, it's useful to study the history of Xianzhou. After all, we all know that the secret of immortality lies hidden somewhere here. The Xianzhou natives might be able to keep their secret, but history shall never be kept silent.
::'''Todd:''' So long as we can piece together enough clues from the rubble and scraps around us, perhaps it'll lead us to finding that legendary secret here on Xianzhou...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all, I can see you're busy.
::'''Todd:''' Yes, let us part ways here. If you see any interesting historical relics, give me a holler.

;(Talk to Ziqiao)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502011501-->)
::'''Ziqiao:''' Heron Express, at your service! Have you made a delivery booking with us?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you again?
:::'''Ziqiao:''' I'm Ziqiao, a logistics specialist from Heron Express.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Delivery?
:::'''Ziqiao:''' That's right. For deliveries, please book a courier with Heron Express. I'm a Heron Express Specialist &mdash; Ziqiao's my name.
::'''Ziqiao:''' If you've got a delivery to send, please enter your shipping info via our Heron Express app. If you're waiting to receive a delivery, please wait for our courier cycranes' notification. If you'd like to send a delivery, please bring it to our office.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Courier cycranes are everywhere aboard the Xianzhou.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' Haha, Xianzhou relies heavily on Heron Express Specialists: Delivering meals, online shopping, within-city deliveries... It'd be very difficult to operate Xianzhou without Heron Express.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' Don't listen to all those claims about being able to stay indoors here. Without courier deliveries, do you really think anyone could stand staying in? Nobody could.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I saw a lot of parcels outside.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' This always gives me a headache. Some were put on hold due to cycrane failure; some were because the customer filled out their contact details incorrectly, so we couldn't get in touch with them.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' It may be my job to deal with these abandoned parcels, but there're just too many. If we can't track down the owner, we end up donating things to charity.
::'''Ziqiao:''' But then again, I'm still on the clock right now. If you don't have anything to send right now, keep Heron Express in mind for next time. Our slogan is: Heron Express &mdash; We Mail Anything.
::'''Ziqiao:''' If there's nothing else, I'm getting back to work.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502011501-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502115301
}</pre>
::'''Ziqiao:''' We can do same-day delivery for small and medium packages. Big ones take two to three days, though. If you have any other requirements, please let us know.

;(Talk to Edelia)
:'''Edelia:''' Sure, a casual chat it is then. It's not like I've got anywhere else to be.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Did you get any information on immortality?
::'''Edelia:''' ...You sure ask hard-hitting questions. Xianzhou has rules &mdash; we should not be talking about this in public.
::'''Edelia:''' Then again, this isn't some clandestine secret. Do you realize how much of an eyecatcher the Ambrosial Arbor is? Anyone can find high ground on the Xianzhou Luofu and see it clear as day.
::'''Edelia:''' Even if everyone's traps are sealed shut, that giant Ambrosial Arbor won't stay silent. It will soon tell us what the secret is. The Jade Gate's closure is the first clue.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you do to make money now?
::'''Edelia:''' Once the boss of the Petrichor Inn knew of my plight, they promised to introduce some jobs to me.
::'''Edelia:''' An Outworlder business owner had me write fake comments for short videos as a part-time gig. It was simple and entry-level, so I gave it a shot.
::'''Edelia:''' Under each video, I wrote, "Children love this, great for sensitive skin too." I did that for LOTS of videos.
::'''Edelia:''' In the end, that business owner was taken away by the Realm-Keeping Commission, and I didn't get paid. All that work down the drain.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What plans do you have next?
::'''Edelia:''' Next? No different from now, I guess. Doing menial jobs, and just waiting. I feel that this puzzle to immortality is like trying to contain fire with paper &mdash; it can't be kept under wraps forever...
::'''Edelia:''' Perhaps I'll get the chance to become long-life species. I can still make my decision when that time comes... then again, Xianzhou might not necessarily let me leave then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you want to become immortal?
:::'''Edelia:''' You say it like you were not interested in immortality at all.
:::'''Edelia:''' I have witnessed the vastness of the cosmos. One lifetime is too short to satisfy my curiosity.
:::'''Edelia:''' If I had infinite life, I would travel through the entirety of the universe. You get that, don't you?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think I'll ever get that chance.
:::'''Edelia:''' I'm not that obsessed with the notion. If it's really not possible, I'll just leave.
:::'''Edelia:''' I have witnessed the vastness of the cosmos. One lifetime is too short to satisfy my curiosity.
:::'''Edelia:''' If I had infinite life, I would travel through the entirety of the universe. You get that, don't you?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have nothing else to ask.
::'''Edelia:''' All right, be careful on your travels. If you find any work I can do, please let me know. If you hear anything about the secret to immortality... you know, don't hog it all.

;(Talk to Chunfen)
:'''Chunfen:''' Okay okay~ my favorite thing to do is casual chats with people!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you singing?
::'''Chunfen:''' The song I was just singing? It's a Vidyadhara elegy called ''Dragontooth Tales''~ The story is about a high elder, and even though I don't quite understand what the lyrics mean, I know it's quite a mournful song.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And high elders are...?
:::'''Chunfen:''' Don't ask a kid such a difficult question!
:::'''Chunfen:''' High elders are... well... they're high, and they're elders! It's probably better to go and ask a grown-up.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!

{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Scalegorge Waterscape and meet Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800223102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Mr. Xiyan invites you to meet him at Scalegorge Waterscape and says he prepared a "small surprise" for you. This sounds incredibly fishy, but he would never dare to hurt you out of all people. Just go.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' (Trailblazer), you've made it. Why don't you meet this "surprise" I've got waiting for you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't this the character from before?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Heehee, freaked you out, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Salutations, Your Highness!
::'''???:''' Kneel ye not. This custom has long disappeared from Xianzhou etiquette.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Don't be scared! This is Shiyun, a famed actor from the Mellow-Golden-Mayor Immersia Club.
:'''???:''' Ssh, don't mention my real name around here! You'll kill my flow and take me out of the zone. Call me by my role, er... Which is what, again? (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe), that's right. Call me (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe).
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Alright then, (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe). You are emphatically correct. (Trailblazer), the Mellow-Golden-Mayor Immersia Club picked up our story and is interested in potentially buying the adaptation rights. So let's show (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) a very warm welcome, okay?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Look, he's made up exactly like I imagined (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) would be!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this a child actor?
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Child actor? Haha, I may have been fresh meat when I first debuted, but that was over five hundred years ago. I'm an old hand now!
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Okay, enough gossip for now. Xiyan, tell me more of your storytelling. Let's see if this role is worth my taking on.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' O-kay~ "(Trailblazer) has been born anew after swallowing the miracle elixir, and has teamed up with the high elder of the Vidyadhara. Right now, our hero is the talk of the town, unmatched in power and might!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "This was a time when Xianzhou Luofu fell into crisis, with the Lord Ravager Phantylia leading the forces of the Ruin Author on a rampage as they vowed to destroy the Luofu!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer), with weapon in hand, stood before Phantylia, bellowing out: 'Beast! Right here, right now: This will be your final resting place!'"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) secretly activated the cloudhymn to protect (Trailblazer). A battle could break out at any moment, and the fate of the Xianzhou Luofu rested on the outcome of this fight!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Phantylia, it's time to settle the score once and for all!
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "As the Lord Ravager met its demise, the curtain fell on this final scene in the story..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think Phantylia really looks like that.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Oh, really? I've never had the chance to personally see Phantylia and I hope I never do.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Since you've seen Phantylia before, could you tell me a bit more about what it looks like?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There seemed to be plants growing on its back...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Mmm... I think I got it. And any other features?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's humongous... monstrously huge...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Monstrously huge... I'm sure I can imagine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It looks incredibly ferocious.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ooh, ooh! When you put it like that, I think I've got it. Okay, this is definitely getting updated when we do our revisions.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' I don't care much for what Phantylia looks like. My only question is... Is that it?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Er... There's still a coda, an epilogue that comes afterward. I haven't figured out exactly how it goes, but the main plot indeed reaches its conclusion here.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' I feel like this story is lacking for scintillating adventure. As an old theater hound, I've got a few pointers if you'd like to hear.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' If you could please enlighten us!
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Firstly, (Trailblazer)'s character development needs to be more compelling. Swallowing a medicinal pellet to get stronger may work in your world of storytelling, but it's long gone out of style in the Immersia genre.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Secondly, rolling straight into the decisive battle after finding the high elder makes that character seem like a plot device. His role should be more fleshed out.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Thirdly, give me some more screen time. I don't care in the slightest how your story gets told, but if it's getting adapted into an Immersia, then you need to give me more screen time. That's what the Mellow-Golden-Mayor Immersia Club wants to see and why they're interested in this acquisition.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why didn't you say so earlier...
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Dude}}, seems like you know your way around the Immersia industry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a diva...!
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' {{MC|f=Lil' lady|m=Lil' dude}}, that's not very polite, is it? But hey, you're not wrong.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} With an attitude like that, why don't you take my part and play the protagonist instead?
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Impossible! How could I, a seasoned thespian of esteemed virtue and skill, take a role away from a short-life species such as yourself? Besides, casting me in a leading role will cost you extra!
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Please also try to understand what a difficult situation I'm in here... I'm already five hundred years old, but I've stopped growing, so child roles are all I can do.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' A few days back, an Immersia troupe wanted to paint my whole body green and have me play the role of some wise old master who spoke backwards and tutored a young protagonist in some mystical martial arts... That's gonna be so humiliating. I'd much rather play a young high elder of Vidyadhara without having to wear any prosthetics or paint.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' My producer even said that whether I can revitalize my career all depends on your adaptation of this story into an Immersia.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hey, don't be so demoralizing! I've just come up with some new ideas right now... Your feedback is well-received, and it's easy enough to make adjustments accordingly...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) asked (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe): 'This Lord Ravager has the very powers of this world at its fingertips. How can we mortals hope to ever defeat it?'"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The high elder of the Vidyadhara sternly replied: 'With our forces combined, we should be evenly matched against the Lord Ravager. But a divine weapon would guarantee victory.'"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The book implies that (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) retains memories from previous reincarnations, including the secrets of forging such an ancient ultimate weapon."
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "This next scene is called: Forging Weapon, Purging Demon!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' What do you think? Are you both ready? Let's work together to bring this story to a nice conclusion.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready. Let's begin.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P20232_F20232001_G88",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor2",
	"IsActive": false
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Hang on a sec.
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' It's okay, but let's hurry up a bit. I've got a show at a party tonight.
::----

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Forge "divine weapons" with the high elder{{subst:void|<!--800223105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Under Mr. Xiyan's direction, you're going to be playing against this "high elder" and drawing a perfect conclusion for this legendary tale. Thankfully this old thespian seems a little more reliable than Mr. Xiyan.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' What do you think? Are you both ready? Let's work together to bring this story to a nice conclusion.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm ready. Let's begin.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Hang on a sec.
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' It's okay, but let's hurry up a bit. I've got a show at a house party tonight.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P20232_F20232001_G88",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor2",
	"IsActive": false
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===The divine weapon is complete. It's time to head to the final battle{{subst:void|<!--800223114-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|The divine weapon has been completed, and victory is within reach. Mr. Xiyan is becoming more and more excited as he tells the story. His eyes are open wide as saucers and his voice gets louder and louder: "At this time, there is only one thought in (Trailblazer)'s head &mdash; The Lord Ravager must be destroyed so the Xianzhou can remain in peace."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The two heroes plunged deep into Scalegorge Waterscape, only to see a black shadow enshrouding the Ambrosial Arbor. It was none other than the root of all evil, the one trying to overthrow the Xianzhou - Phantylia!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Right here, right now, was the critical moment for Phantylia to absorb Abundance's powers from the Ambrosial Arbor. The Lord Ravager sneered: Reckless ants, accept your fate!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) raised the divine weapon fearlessly, and dropped this line &mdash;"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will this blow pierce through the stars?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hasta la vista, bay-bee!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Ah? What's my line again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aaaaaaaaaargh!!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 62,
	"Value": "1"
}</pre>
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "As Phantylia's body crashed down, the crisis of the Xianzhou Luofu came to an end for now... However, just as (Trailblazer) and (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) were getting ready to celebrate, an evil creature lurking deep within the depths reached out its malevolent talons!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hold on a second...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ah, don't worry. I've told you many times already &mdash; the battle scenes write themselves. It's fine. I'll finish them up later.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not the problem...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Phantylia does not look like THAT!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hey... This was based on your descriptions! Plants on the back, monstrously huge, ferocious...
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Forget it, (Trailblazer). Just forget about that. Treat it as part of the artistic process. The budget for shooting Immersia would shoot through the roof if we really wanted to capture a ferocious and accurate likeness of the Lord Ravager.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Yes, that's right. Don't worry about these details... I'll revise them later. Ahem, I'll keep going and bring the story to its denouement, then...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Faced with an enemy of unprecedented power, what will become of the Trailblazer and the high elder of the Vidyadhara? The next scene is our final decisive battle: Xianzhou Laments Woes of Age, Trailblazer Fails Sanctum of Exaltation!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait a sec, why do I fail in this!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey, that title is a spoiler!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Come on, it's just a little gimmick for the next scene's preview... I'm not really going to kill you off. ...Whew, finally finished it. Thank you both for your help! This script of mine is pretty much done now.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Looks like I'm not needed anymore, right? I'll head off, then. Remember to send us the revisions once you're done so that we can sync up.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ah, yes, definitely! As for {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)... You're still waiting to see me wrap up the story, right? I'll get writing immediately. I would never dream of wasting your time.
:{{Black Screen|Mr. Xiyan begins scribbling furiously, and this time he radiates with delight... He's probably in such good spirits because he's managed to get some cash from this IP.}}
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Now the final scene, the epic finale of our story, has finally been completed: Xianzhou Laments Woes of Age, Trailblazer Fails Sanctum of Exaltation! I hope you can give me some feedback once you read through it.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Aside from that, I have also written down some side stories of your adventures on the Xianzhou. Feel free to come have a read when you have the time, give some comments, and help me include them into the ''Legend of the Trailblazer''.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hey, I almost forgot! I'm having dinner tonight with some of the playwrights from the Mellow-Golden-Mayor Immersia Club. Haha, maybe I really am going to make it on the big stage!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I have to get home, wash up, shave, change my clothes... So much to do. See you next time!
----
;(Lose {{Item|Hilt-Wood From the Arbor|20|x=1}})

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "The two heroes plunged deep into Scalegorge Waterscape, only to see a black shadow enshrouding the Ambrosial Arbor. It was none other than the root of all evil, the one trying to overthrow the Xianzhou - Phantylia!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Right here, right now, was the critical moment for Phantylia to absorb Abundance's powers from the Ambrosial Arbor. The Lord Ravager sneered: Reckless ants, accept your fate!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "(Trailblazer) raised the divine weapon fearlessly, and dropped this line &mdash;"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will this blow pierce through the stars?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hasta la vista, bay-bee!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Ah? What's my line again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aaaaaaaaaargh!!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 62,
	"Value": "1"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3
|zhs  = 评书奇谭•第三回
|zht  = 評書奇譚•第三回
|ja   = 講談奇譚・第三回
|ko   = 진기한 이야기•제3장
|es   = Narraciones extraordinarias: acto 3
|fr   = Contes fantastiques &mdash; Chapitre&nbsp;3
|ru   = Чудесные сказания. Глава III
|th   = เรื่องเล่าขานตำนานการผจญภัย: บทที่ 3
|vi   = Kỳ Truyện Bình Thư 3
|de   = Geschichten des Fantastischen – Kapitel 3
|id   = Dongeng Luar Biasa - Bag. 3
|pt   = Contos do Fantástico - Capítulo 3
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
