<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 2#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8002221
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Tales of the Fantastic Chapter 2.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Tales of the Fantastic
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 1]]'' completed
|summary       = Mr. Xiyan's stories have taken on increasingly dramatic elements... particularly the part about the High Elder's descent. Perhaps you should share them with Dan Heng and relish the astonished expression on his typically calm face.
|characters    = Chunfen; Edelia; Howard; Jinyu; Mr. Xiyan; Todd; Trailblazer; Xuxia; Ziqiao
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 1
|next          = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*30; Traveler's Guide*2; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 2''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Tales of the Fantastic]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan
# Head to Scalegorge Waterscape and meet Mr. Xiyan
# Continue to help Mr. Xiyan complete the story
# Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800222101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|Mr. Xiyan is a frequent offender when it comes to not finishing his stories. As a good friend of the people of the Xianzhou, you have a duty to bring your bat with you to Starskiff Haven and demand updates with justice.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' ... You put me in a difficult spot. Storytellers don't have much except a few books stored in our heads. I'll become a pauper if I ever told them all.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' If you're willing to listen to a bit of gossip, then I can certainly fill you in.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about tea, then.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Let me tell you about the Whale-Tide Spring tea, then. They say "one cup of Whale-Tide Spring invigorates the sense and brings the beauty of clouds." Lay back, imbibe, and watch the starry seas.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' It's said that the Vidyadhara high elder roiled the ancient seas like thunder, and submerged the Scalegorge Waterscape delve. Dozens of years later, the Vidyadhara descendants found a flourishing tea tree on a floating isle &mdash; its sturdy branches were beautiful, and its leaves lush like jade.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahh... thinking over such half-truths and legends really lends the tea some extra texture. Don't you think?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear about the legends of Xianzhou.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I could tell you of the Cloud Knight Sword Champion known as the Transcendent Flash... but it's far too long. Just the chapter about the Roaming Star Rahu destroying the Xianzhou Cangcheng takes three whole days and three whole nights.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' The Xianzhou natives don't mind this story at all... but seeing as you are an Outworlder, I don't want to waste your precious time &mdash; so I will spare you from it.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahhh, but... if you would flatter me by coming to my show, then that's another matter entirely.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about your connection to the owner here.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Well well well! You have a keen eye. I can't hide that from you.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Her parents are old friends of mine, and they left her this teahouse here as a kind of a test.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Most foxian traders learn their skills this way. I was asked by her parents to help her run the business from behind the scenes, offering a little guidance or two.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' But she is incredibly talented and intelligent. Soon enough, she'll be able to take charge of everything by herself.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} There are storytellers aboard Xianzhou?
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hahaha, I hear this from Outworlders all the time: "Xianzhou is so technologically advanced. Why do you still have storytellers?"
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I know what the question's really asking though. They want to say "there's so much to do on Xianzhou, yet there's something as old-fashioned as this?" Some even consider my presence tacky, that I'm out of place on Starskiff Haven.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Storytelling is indeed a declining art. Few wishes to carry on this tradition, which is a problem. Far more serious is the lack of a stage &mdash; be it storytelling or crosstalk, these are art forms that require an audience.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I know of artistes who rely on their performance for a living. The theater is a thing of the past, and there's nowhere to sing opera... An art form meeting its demise just like that... a true pity.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' And so you see me and ask: What's a storyteller doing, manning a teahouse? If it weren't for the little owner providing me with a venue and food, us old artistes wouldn't be able to feed ourselves.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Okay, let's chat again when you have the time.

;(Talk to Xuxia)
:'''Xuxia:''' Sure, I'm bored as it is. What do you wish to know?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been to many places?
::'''Xuxia:''' Frankly speaking, compared to travelers with short lifespans, I don't think I've been to that many places. It's hard enough for long-life species to leave Xianzhou as it is.
::'''Xuxia:''' But seeing that I've lived longer than any of the short-life species, it'd be a little patronizing to say I haven't been to many places.
::'''Xuxia:''' Over the years, I've taken plenty of professional certifications to fill up any vacancies a crew might have.
::'''Xuxia:''' Let's see, over the years I've followed... sports representative associations, academician visitations, folk troupes, circuses, diplomatic missions... and...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Antimatter Legion.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Don't assume I don't know about them. They're all bad eggs who bring doom to the cosmos.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Deliberate silence)
:::'''Xuxia:''' ... Choirs! I remember now, I sang alto.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are things not going well for you on Xianzhou?
::'''Xuxia:''' I wouldn't say that. Since young, I've always had a hard time sticking around. I was a certified "Foxian Grade 1 Grand Drum Actor" when I was twelve, and then an "S-Ranked Chef" at eighteen.
::'''Xuxia:''' To most Xianzhou natives, this certification grants you at least four centuries of livelihood. But what if I didn't like the job? Can you imagine? Slogging away at a gig you hated for four hundred years?
::'''Xuxia:''' I can't, and I never will.
::'''Xuxia:''' Foxians live for centuries, but living for one, ten, a hundred, ten thousand years, in such a drab place like Xianzhou... what's the point? It's all the same mundane monotony day in, day out.
::'''Xuxia:''' That's why I had to head out to travel, no matter what it took. In a life full of unknowns and thrills, one day of that beats a lifetime of such predictable doldrums.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you normally do back on Xianzhou?
::'''Xuxia:''' Hang out with family, visit friends... Have you heard of Xianzhou's paper kites? I am like a swallow that soars to the skies, and my friends and family are the string that anchors me.
::'''Xuxia:''' I will sell the treasures I bring back to Pawnbroker Handian at the Jeweler's Pagoda. We get along well, and he never hustles me either &mdash; he'll tell me straight to the face that the priceless gem I bought is an "ancient glass ball."
::'''Xuxia:''' Hahaha, that sense of homely comfort, you can't find it anywhere else but Xianzhou.
::'''Xuxia:''' Next up, it's time to walk around Xianzhou and plot my next chance at a voyage.
::'''Xuxia:''' I didn't mean to offend. I've probably lived much longer than you &mdash; it would be a travesty if my life was that less exciting than yours! It's almost imperative that I lead a more interesting life!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
::'''Xuxia:''' All right then. Don't forget to drop my name if you find any interstellar work suitable for me.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502106110)
:'''Xuxia:''' What sort of group is that? That doesn't sound like anything nice! I'm a law-abiding citizen who has never harmed a fly.
::'''Xuxia:''' Long story short, the more I knew, the more I could travel. And now I've been to many places, but that's not enough. I want to travel even more.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been to many places?
:::'''Xuxia:''' Frankly speaking, compared to travelers with short lifespans, I don't think I've been to that many places. It's hard enough for long-life species to leave Xianzhou as it is.
:::'''Xuxia:''' But seeing that I've lived longer than any of the short-life species, it'd be a little patronizing to say I haven't been to many places.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Over the years, I've taken plenty of professional certifications to fill up any vacancies a crew might have.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Let's see, over the years I've followed... sports representative associations, academician visitations, folk troupes, circuses, diplomatic missions... and...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Antimatter Legion.
::::'''Xuxia:''' Don't assume I don't know about them. They're all bad eggs who bring doom to the cosmos.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Deliberate silence)
::::'''Xuxia:''' ... Choirs! I remember now, I sang alto.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are things not going well for you on Xianzhou?
:::'''Xuxia:''' I wouldn't say that. Since young, I've always had a hard time sticking around. I was a certified "Foxian Grade 1 Grand Drum Actor" when I was twelve, and then an "S-Ranked Chef" at eighteen.
:::'''Xuxia:''' To most Xianzhou natives, this certification grants you at least four centuries of livelihood. But what if I didn't like the job? Can you imagine? Slogging away at a gig you hated for four hundred years?
:::'''Xuxia:''' I can't, and I never will.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Foxians live for centuries, but living for one, ten, a hundred, ten thousand years, in such a drab place like Xianzhou... what's the point? It's all the same mundane monotony day in, day out.
:::'''Xuxia:''' That's why I had to head out to travel, no matter what it took. In a life full of unknowns and thrills, one day of that beats a lifetime of such predictable doldrums.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you normally do back on Xianzhou?
:::'''Xuxia:''' Hang out with family, visit friends... Have you heard of Xianzhou's paper kites? I am like a swallow that soars to the skies, and my friends and family are the string that anchors me.
:::'''Xuxia:''' I will sell the treasures I bring back to Pawnbroker Handian at the Jeweler's Pagoda. We get along well, and he never hustles me either &mdash; he'll tell me straight to the face that the priceless gem I bought is an "ancient glass ball."
:::'''Xuxia:''' Hahaha, that sense of homely comfort, you can't find it anywhere else but Xianzhou.
:::'''Xuxia:''' Next up, it's time to walk around Xianzhou and plot my next chance at a voyage.
:::'''Xuxia:''' I didn't mean to offend. I've probably lived much longer than you &mdash; it would be a travesty if my life was that less exciting than yours! It's almost imperative that I lead a more interesting life!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
:::'''Xuxia:''' All right then. Don't forget to drop my name if you find any interstellar work suitable for me.

;(Talk to Jinyu)
:'''Jinyu:''' Sure, ask away.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Were you always as romantic as this before you lost your memory?
::'''Jinyu:''' I can't remember a thing about what I was like before I lost my memory, but those who know me say I remain the same way no matter how many times I molt. Besides, if you only had memories for thirty days, you'd be as spontaneous with love as me.
::'''Jinyu:''' ...It seems that since I was so passionate about romance in my previous lives, I am always meeting people who claim to love me "forever." I'm truly sorry, but I just can't remember who they were.
::'''Jinyu:''' Maybe I really did find love! But that version of me is completely different from who I currently am. I don't want to pretend that I'm still that person and to fake my love for others. I'm looking for my true love in this life that I'm living right now!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It must be a real hassle having such a short memory.
::'''Jinyu:''' To be honest, yes. All my friends and memories just get completely wiped after a month, as though the whole world had abandoned me.
::'''Jinyu:''' But having a short memory isn't all that bad. Most of our best memories are brief, just like parties are all destined to end. It's the loneliness between those moments that feels like forever.
::'''Jinyu:''' If I had to face centuries of loneliness and repetition just like everyone else aboard Xianzhou... well, I can't imagine someone like me lasting very long like that.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you keeping a diary of all this?
::'''Jinyu:''' Who keeps a diary? Do you write in a diary? I don't.
::'''Jinyu:''' The person I was in the past never kept any diary, and present-day me doesn't really want to leave anything for the future. Even if my debt of love is impossible to explain, I still don't really care for it.
::'''Jinyu:''' I'm definitely sincere and passionate about every relationship. That's enough for me. If destiny is a thing, then let's fall in love once more &mdash; my arms are always open.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} We'll meet again if destiny permits it.
::'''Jinyu:''' Sure, I feel like we'll meet again anyway.

;(Talk to Howard)
:'''Howard:''' Don't be a stranger. What is it you want to talk about?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to ask you about some Xianzhou trivia.
::'''Howard:''' I heard an interesting rumor from the head of the Sky-Faring Commission.
::'''Howard:''' I went to a meeting between the Sky-Faring Commission and the Xianzhou traders' representatives, and I saw Madam Yukong's beloved bow. It's really a fine weapon. But upon closer inspection, I discovered it wasn't a real bow.
::'''Howard:''' Her arrows are actually self-guided auto-aim ones, and drawing the bow is just used to give a sense of antiquity.
::'''Howard:''' The Xianzhou natives like using a few tricks to mask their strength, and it's probably connected to their propensity for humility.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You came to Xianzhou on a trade mission for the IPC...
::'''Howard:''' Haha, that's not something we can talk about.
::'''Howard:''' Well, to be honest, we offered a handsome price for some of Xianzhou's proud technological achievements, but negotiations didn't actually go so well...
::'''Howard:''' But I trust that Xianzhou isn't a conservative place. Hard work always pays off &mdash; and breakthroughs are always possible.
::'''Howard:''' That's about as much as I can say on this. Hope you forgive me! Hahaha.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you got any advice for an Outworlder?
::'''Howard:''' I was gifted a manual when I first got here, called ''100 Common Xianzhou Proverbs for Outworlders''. It's a lousy title, I know, but the book itself is great.
::'''Howard:''' The book is really practical, mentioning tons of proverbs and sayings that the Xianzhou natives commonly use. It's a fantastic window into Xianzhou culture if that's something you're interested in.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Until we meet again.
::'''Howard:''' Until we meet again.

;(Talk to Todd)
:'''Todd:''' Chat? Alright, I can use a break now anyway. Besides, chatting with different people aboard Xianzhou also forms part of my research.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the Intelligentsia Guild do?
::'''Todd:''' I may be a student there, but my opinion of the Intelligentsia Guild is bound to be biased. So take this with a grain of salt.
::'''Todd:''' Put simply, the Intelligentsia Guild is an academic organization in symbiosis with the Interastral Peace Corporation. Our motto is "All knowledge must be circulated as freely as currency."
::'''Todd:''' Our scholars traverse the universe collecting all knowledge of value, and trading learnings with other scholars in the hope of attaining priceless wisdom.
::'''Todd:''' It's hard to explain, but basically, all you need to know is that we're a group that trades knowledge to gain true wisdom.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Don't the Xianzhou natives research history?
::'''Todd:''' It's not that they don't study it. It's just that what they call "history" is a completely different concept from what our short-life species consider to be history.
::'''Todd:''' It's a simple concept. Would you consider the abandoned theater that you used to visit as a child as some kind of archaeological ruin? What we consider to be ancient history is merely a childhood memory for the long-lived Xianzhou natives.
::'''Todd:''' That's why the Xianzhou natives don't really value their own cultural relics, just as we don't really care about dilapidated buildings back home. They also don't really get the concept of written history, because "history" still lives within their memories.
::'''Todd:''' But everything must come to an eventual end one day, and the Xianzhou natives are no exception. As a student of the Intelligentsia Guild, how can I sit idly by? They don't care, but I do &mdash; so I'm here to record the magnificence of our cosmos's history.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your purpose behind doing all of this?
::'''Todd:''' You sound just like one of my tutors! *sigh* That reminds me of school and having to find a practical purpose for every academic topic I wanted to write about...
::'''Todd:''' Cough, ahem... but of course, it's useful to study the history of Xianzhou. After all, we all know that the secret of immortality lies hidden somewhere here. The Xianzhou natives might be able to keep their secret, but history shall never be kept silent.
::'''Todd:''' So long as we can piece together enough clues from the rubble and scraps around us, perhaps it'll lead us to finding that legendary secret here on Xianzhou...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all, I can see you're busy.
::'''Todd:''' Yes, let us part ways here. If you see any interesting historical relics, give me a holler.

;(Talk to Ziqiao)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 502011501-->)
::'''Ziqiao:''' Heron Express, at your service! Have you made a delivery booking with us?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you again?
:::'''Ziqiao:''' I'm Ziqiao, a logistics specialist from Heron Express.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Delivery?
:::'''Ziqiao:''' That's right. For deliveries, please book a courier with Heron Express. I'm a Heron Express Specialist &mdash; Ziqiao's my name.
::'''Ziqiao:''' If you've got a delivery to send, please enter your shipping info via our Heron Express app. If you're waiting to receive a delivery, please wait for our courier cycranes' notification. If you'd like to send a delivery, please bring it to our office.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Courier cycranes are everywhere aboard the Xianzhou.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' Haha, Xianzhou relies heavily on Heron Express Specialists: Delivering meals, online shopping, within-city deliveries... It'd be very difficult to operate Xianzhou without Heron Express.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' Don't listen to all those claims about being able to stay indoors here. Without courier deliveries, do you really think anyone could stand staying in? Nobody could.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I saw a lot of parcels outside.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' This always gives me a headache. Some were put on hold due to cycrane failure; some were because the customer filled out their contact details incorrectly, so we couldn't get in touch with them.
:::'''Ziqiao:''' It may be my job to deal with these abandoned parcels, but there're just too many. If we can't track down the owner, we end up donating things to charity.
::'''Ziqiao:''' But then again, I'm still on the clock right now. If you don't have anything to send right now, keep Heron Express in mind for next time. Our slogan is: Heron Express &mdash; We Mail Anything.
::'''Ziqiao:''' If there's nothing else, I'm getting back to work.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 502011501-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 502115301
}</pre>
::'''Ziqiao:''' We can do same-day delivery for small and medium packages. Big ones take two to three days, though. If you have any other requirements, please let us know.

;(Talk to Edelia)
:'''Edelia:''' Sure, a casual chat it is then. It's not like I've got anywhere else to be.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Did you get any information on immortality?
::'''Edelia:''' ...You sure ask hard-hitting questions. Xianzhou has rules &mdash; we should not be talking about this in public.
::'''Edelia:''' Then again, this isn't some clandestine secret. Do you realize how much of an eyecatcher the Ambrosial Arbor is? Anyone can find high ground on the Xianzhou Luofu and see it clear as day.
::'''Edelia:''' Even if everyone's traps are sealed shut, that giant Ambrosial Arbor won't stay silent. It will soon tell us what the secret is. The Jade Gate's closure is the first clue.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you do to make money now?
::'''Edelia:''' Once the boss of the Petrichor Inn knew of my plight, they promised to introduce some jobs to me.
::'''Edelia:''' An Outworlder business owner had me write fake comments for short videos as a part-time gig. It was simple and entry-level, so I gave it a shot.
::'''Edelia:''' Under each video, I wrote, "Children love this, great for sensitive skin too." I did that for LOTS of videos.
::'''Edelia:''' In the end, that business owner was taken away by the Realm-Keeping Commission, and I didn't get paid. All that work down the drain.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What plans do you have next?
::'''Edelia:''' Next? No different from now, I guess. Doing menial jobs, and just waiting. I feel that this puzzle to immortality is like trying to contain fire with paper &mdash; it can't be kept under wraps forever...
::'''Edelia:''' Perhaps I'll get the chance to become long-life species. I can still make my decision when that time comes... then again, Xianzhou might not necessarily let me leave then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you want to become immortal?
:::'''Edelia:''' You say it like you were not interested in immortality at all.
:::'''Edelia:''' I have witnessed the vastness of the cosmos. One lifetime is too short to satisfy my curiosity.
:::'''Edelia:''' If I had infinite life, I would travel through the entirety of the universe. You get that, don't you?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think I'll ever get that chance.
:::'''Edelia:''' I'm not that obsessed with the notion. If it's really not possible, I'll just leave.
:::'''Edelia:''' I have witnessed the vastness of the cosmos. One lifetime is too short to satisfy my curiosity.
:::'''Edelia:''' If I had infinite life, I would travel through the entirety of the universe. You get that, don't you?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have nothing else to ask.
::'''Edelia:''' All right, be careful on your travels. If you find any work I can do, please let me know. If you hear anything about the secret to immortality... you know, don't hog it all.

;(Talk to Chunfen)
:'''Chunfen:''' Okay okay~ my favorite thing to do is casual chats with people!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you singing?
::'''Chunfen:''' The song I was just singing? It's a Vidyadhara elegy called ''Dragontooth Tales''~ The story is about a high elder, and even though I don't quite understand what the lyrics mean, I know it's quite a mournful song.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And high elders are...?
:::'''Chunfen:''' Don't ask a kid such a difficult question!
:::'''Chunfen:''' High elders are... well... they're high, and they're elders! It's probably better to go and ask a grown-up.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!

{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to Scalegorge Waterscape and meet Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800222102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|update|Mr. Xiyan invites you to go to Scalegorge Waterscape together and edit your legend at the place you once fought. Alright. He can edit it to his heart's content. Just treat it as making an advertisement for the Astral Express.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Drink it in. Just looking at this magnificent Statue of the High Elder causes inspiration to flood my brain like a waterfall!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then why don't you tell me a story, storyteller?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think they call that going "soft in the head."
::'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I wasn't being literal. I mean torrents of storytelling swirling into a waterfall of literature!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "It's said that (Trailblazer)'s powers surged after taking the Elixir of Dragon Oil. But alas, the Lord Ravager was still an Emanator of the Ruin Author. How could a mere mortal hope to contend?"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "It was then that (Trailblazer) realized the Vidyadhara were descendants of dragons, whose high elders naturally possessed Aeonic powers... And if those powers could be borrowed, transcendence shall be achieved!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait a minute, didn't you say taking the elixir would be enough already?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Didn't I already achieve transcendence by taking that dragon oil elixir?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hey, ever hear of hyperbole? I studied at the Royal Academy on the Yaoqing and I'm a professional playwright by trade. My writing has structure, and I would never be sloppy.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ahem... "With the miracle elixir flowing internally and the high elder's power protecting externally, a mere Emanator &mdash; or even the Ruin Author themselves &mdash; would prove no match for (Trailblazer)!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're getting sloppy!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} More so-called hyperbole!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not so sure Nanook would agree with you...
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Forget about the details! I told you, this is just the first draft, and we'll revise it later. Just focus on the main plot.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Hmm... Back to the topic at hand, please. This scene should begin with you searching for clues around the Statue of the High Elder.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Dropping adventure into every scene of the plot will definitely help us flesh out this Protagonist Model.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' I reckon this'll take the better half of a day just like last time. So why don't you go off and get ready? Fortify that stomach of yours or go to the bathroom first.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Come find me when you're ready.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue to help Mr. Xiyan complete the story{{subst:void|<!--800222103-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PredicateTaskListWithFail",
	"Predicate": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ByCompareSubMissionState",
		"SubMissionID": 800222103,
		"SubMissionState": "Started"
	},
	"SuccessTaskList": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerPerformance",
			"ValueSource": {},
			"PerformanceType": "E",
			"PerformanceID": 800222103
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800222103"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
		}
	]
}</pre>
----
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "After this battle, (Trailblazer) and (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) forged an alliance in blood between which none could ever hope to drive a wedge!"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' "Be patient, everyone. The next act, dear listeners, is our long-awaited martial arts fight scene: 'Traveler Treasures Heart of Scions, Dragonlord Commands Wrath of Seas!'"
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Ah, if we put it like that, then this act will be complete too...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where did the "long-awaited martial arts scene" end up going?
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' Didn't I mention? Martial arts scenes are the easiest of all to write. Just a couple of strokes on your Protagonist Model is all it takes!
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' This scene is complete... Take some time to have a look at it, and feel free to share any feedback with me.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' What follows should be the climax and the end of your story, so I need to think carefully about how it's written.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' It's already getting late, and we've both put in a lot of effort. I will head back to Starskiff Haven and let's keep in touch if any inspiration strikes.
:'''Mr. Xiyan:''' So long~
----

;(Talk to Mr. Xiyan)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PredicateTaskListWithFail",
	"Predicate": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ByCompareSubMissionState",
		"SubMissionID": 800222103,
		"SubMissionState": "Started"
	},
	"SuccessTaskList": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerPerformance",
			"ValueSource": {},
			"PerformanceType": "E",
			"PerformanceID": 800222103
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Talk_800222103"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishLevelGraph"
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to Central Starskiff Haven and talk to Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--800222105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Central Starskiff Haven|update|Mr. Xiyan seems to have written some new stories based on your adventures. Go chat with him in Starskiff Haven.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 2
|zhs  = 评书奇谭•第二回
|zht  = 評書奇譚•第二回
|ja   = 講談奇譚・第二回
|ko   = 진기한 이야기•제2장
|es   = Narraciones extraordinarias: acto 2
|fr   = Contes fantastiques &mdash; Chapitre&nbsp;2
|ru   = Чудесные сказания. Глава II
|th   = เรื่องเล่าขานตำนานการผจญภัย: บทที่ 2
|vi   = Kỳ Truyện Bình Thư 2
|de   = Geschichten des Fantastischen – Kapitel 2
|id   = Dongeng Luar Biasa - Bag. 2
|pt   = Contos do Fantástico - Capítulo 2
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
