<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8002232
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Tales of the Fantastic Chapter 3.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe); Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Stargazer Navalia]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Stargazer Navalia
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Stellar Jade*30; Traveler's Guide*3; Credit*30,000
}}
'''''Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Find the Growth Booster
# Report back to the high elder with the Growth Booster
# Use the starskiff seed to grow the hilt-wood from the Arbor

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
----
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Phantylia seized the Ambrosial Arbor's power and created an invincible body. It's unkillable &mdash; even I, as high elder, remain powerless against it.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' (Trailblazer), if you really want to help purge this beast from the Xianzhou, we'll have to forge a divine weapon: The life-destroying "Star-Shattering Blade of Truth +12".
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That power level increase sounds a little extreme...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That name sounds pretty formidable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's up with the "+12"?
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Probably just to show off how powerful it is.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' I'll just follow Xiyan's script. His first drafts are usually pretty sloppy. It doesn't matter.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' To stand any hope of standing toe-to-toe against Phantylia, there's going to be two parts needed to forge this Star-Shattering Blade of Truth.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' One is a hilt forged from the wood of the Ambrosial Arbor. The other is a blade forged from the embers of Reignbow's Lux Arrow, known as the Ignis Aureliae.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' We are at Stargazer Navalia to search for materials to craft a sword hilt.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Won't it be dangerous crafting a hilt from the Ambrosial Arbor's wood?
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' It will be. Moreover, with the Ambrosial Arbor hijacked by Phantylia, we just can't go looking even if we want to. But...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where can I find Arbor wood at Stargazer Navalia?
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' You might not be aware that the seeds used by the Xianzhou to grow starskiffs are of the same origin as the Arbor. Using such wood to make sword hilts won't be the same as using wood straight off the Arbor, but it's more than enough to defeat one mere Lord Ravager.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Now then... We need some starskiff growth boosters to stimulate these seeds &mdash; and give us enough material to make a hilt.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' It's always been a starskiff nursery here, and there should be plenty nearby. Let's take a look around and see if we can use what we've got at hand.
----

;(Talk to (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe))
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the Growth Booster{{subst:void|<!--800223202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Stargazer Navalia|update|In Mr. Xiyan's story, the "high elder" takes you to many places in the Luofu to look for the various materials needed to forge the divine weapon... Now this is truly a stereotypical treasure-seeking adventure story.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Growth Booster|20|x=3}})

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} Investigate
:'''(Trailblazer):''' This should be the growth booster (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe) was looking for. Let's take it back to him.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report back to the high elder with the Growth Booster{{subst:void|<!--800223203-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to (Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe))
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Did you find the growth booster? Let me taste it and see if it's any good...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it safe to taste this stuff?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hope it doesn't stimulate any growth of your tongue...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Won't your mouth grow bigger?
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' The top note has a faint whiff of alien perfume... Mmm, this is of high quality! Next, we just need a suitable starskiff seed, and we'll be able to cultivate a good sword hilt.
:'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' Next, it's time to choose a starskiff seed from which to cultivate some good material for the sword hilt.
----

;(Lose {{Item|Growth Booster|20|x=1}})

;(Lose {{Item|Growth Booster|20|x=1}})

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} 
;(Unused &mdash; SelectSuccess)
:{{Black Screen|After injecting the growth booster, the high elder sat in meditation as he performed his cloudhymn.}}
::The seed grew explosively, sprouting rapidly into the hull of a ship.
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' It grew straight into a starskiff... Our growth-boosting experiment failed. No one can wield a starskiff in combat.
::----

;(Unused &mdash; SelectFailed)
:----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Use the starskiff seed to grow the hilt-wood from the Arbor{{subst:void|<!--800223207-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|Hilt-Wood From the Arbor|20|x=1}})
;(Lose {{Item|Growth Booster|20|x=1}})

:{{DIcon|Loupe}} 

;(Unused &mdash; SelectSuccess)
:{{Black Screen|After injecting the growth booster, the high elder sat in meditation as he performed his cloudhymn.}}
::The seed grew explosively, sprouting rapidly into the hull of a ship.
::'''(Dan Heng/Cold Dragon Young/High Elder MK2000/John Doe):''' It grew straight into a starskiff... Our growth-boosting experiment failed. No one can wield a starskiff in combat.
::----

;(Unused &mdash; SelectFailed)
:----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tales of the Fantastic: Chapter 3
|zhs  = 评书奇谭•第三回
|zht  = 評書奇譚•第三回
|ja   = 講談奇譚・第三回
|ko   = 진기한 이야기•제3장
|es   = Narraciones extraordinarias: acto 3
|fr   = Contes fantastiques &mdash; Chapitre&nbsp;3
|ru   = Чудесные сказания. Глава III
|th   = เรื่องเล่าขานตำนานการผจญภัย: บทที่ 3
|vi   = Kỳ Truyện Bình Thư 3
|de   = Geschichten des Fantastischen – Kapitel 3
|id   = Dongeng Luar Biasa - Bag. 3
|pt   = Contos do Fantástico - Capítulo 3
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
