<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Technology Changes Lives#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4050028
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Technology Changes Lives.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Asta; Maintenance Engineer; Pom-Pom; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Parlor Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Parlor Car
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure Log*1; Mechanical Parts*1; Credit*8,000
}}
'''''Technology Changes Lives''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]].

==Steps==
# Find Asta or the maintenance engineer
# Report to Pom-Pom

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Asta or the maintenance engineer{{subst:void|<!--405002802-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|update|The conductor asked you to borrow the space station's manual labor robot from the maintenance engineer or Asta.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Maintenance Engineer)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 500002400-->)
::{{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting staffAH 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting staffAH 102.ogg}} '''Maintenance Engineer:''' Everyone is just data... Everyone. And she... She is no exception.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you in love? Who is "she"?
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Someone who broke my heart. Someone who made me laugh and cry. Someone who I longed for day and night.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' And these three people respectively are... Aw, forget it. You're just a random stranger, so you wouldn't understand even if I told you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Data"? What data?
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Data relies upon a terminal device to sustain the will of the space station.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' These are the truths that uphold the world. Those who fail to understand the laws of data are doomed to be deceived by the world.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The light in here isn't as harsh as it is in other cabins. It's nice.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 500002400-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 500002401,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!


;(Talk to Asta)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 500012201
}</pre>
:'''Asta:''' Did you encounter some problems?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report to Pom-Pom{{subst:void|<!--405002803-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Parlor Car|update|It was a shame, but report to Pom-Pom first!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Pom-Pom)
:'''Pom-Pom:''' (Trailblazer)...
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Technology Changes Lives
|zhs  = 科技改变生活
|zht  = 科技改變生活
|ja   = 科学と技術が生活を変える
|ko   = 과학이 삶을 바꾼다
|es   = La tecnología transforma vidas
|fr   = La technologie change la vie
|ru   = Технологии меняют жизнь
|th   = เทคโนโลยีเปลี่ยนชีวิต
|vi   = Khoa Học Thay Đổi Đời Sống
|de   = Technologie verändert das Leben
|id   = Teknologi Mengubah Kehidupan
|pt   = Tecnologia Muda Vidas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}
