<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Adventurous Moles#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2011105
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Adventurous Moles.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Companion Mission]] ''[[Hook's Treasure]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Soldiers Stay Silent]]'' completed
|summary       = You have collected the new chapters of ''The Adventurous Moles'' and published them.<br />All the young readers in Belobog will be grateful to you.
|characters    = Agnes; Amo; Celine; Chavez; Child Onlooker; Dominic; Female Onlooker; Furdo; Julian; Lavonne; Lila; Male Onlooker; Manya; Nika; Senior Onlooker; Tamila; Trailblazer; Wallace
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*30; Shield (Item)*100; Sparse Aether*6; Credit*6,000
}}
'''''The Adventurous Moles''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Trailblaze an adventure
# Search the area that might have pages of the book
# Look for the hidden pages
# Find the treasure according to the puzzle in the book
# Discuss the results of the investigation with Julian
# Find the remaining treasures based on the storybook's table of contents
# Tell Julian your progress with ''The Adventurous Moles''
# Give all the pages to Nika the publisher

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Trailblaze an adventure{{subst:void|<!--201110501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|Those on the Path of Trailblaze will encounter all kinds of strange people and odd anecdotes during the journey. Not only do these trivial stories fill up trailblazers' journals, but they also deepen their connections to all worlds.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|''The Adventurous Moles: Hidden Treasure'' &mdash; Table of Contents|20|x=1|text=''The Adventurous Moles: Hidden Treasure'' — Table of Contents}})

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' I heard Hook say that she took you adventuring in Rivet Town just to find my marbles.
:'''Julian:''' Thank you very much, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}, but don't read too much into it. That's not enough for you to be the second-in-command of The Moles. You gotta get past me &mdash; and I ain't planning on giving up my position just yet!
:'''Julian:''' ...O&mdash;okay. Just give me my stuff.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Hand over Julian's things to him)
:'''Julian:''' Is all of this my stuff? Thank you, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}! These glass marbles I won... Are these also mine? "For Julian, in 50 years' time"?
:'''Julian:''' ...Ah, that's the key for the iron gates behind the business street. No one needs it anymore. Thank you so much!
:'''Julian:''' You've given me so much stuff, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}. I have to give you something too &mdash; well, how about this copy of ''The Adventurous Moles''?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Adventurous Moles?
:'''Julian:''' Oh? {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, do you know about ''The Adventurous Moles'' too?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I love it!
::'''Julian:''' I read ''The Adventurous Moles'' every night before going to bed. My dreams are full of fun adventures!
::'''Julian:''' Wait, you're not pretending to like it, are you... let me ask you, who are the three protagonists in the book?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I confess I haven't read it.
:::'''Julian:''' I knew it, you have to read ''The Adventurous Moles''. It is full of fun adventures.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are a trio that went to a wizarding school...
:::'''Julian:''' Hmm, interesting, but you're totally wrong! You should do better and read ''The Adventurous Moles''. It is full of fun adventures.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} March 7th, Dan Heng and me.
:::'''Julian:''' Hmph, you are such a cheeky grownup. You should do better and read ''The Adventurous Moles''.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I haven't read it.
::'''Julian:''' Then you have to read it. It's full of interesting adventures!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't say I like it.
::'''Julian:''' Stop pretending. You haven't actually read it at all, have you? Tell me who the three protagonists are in the book.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I confess I haven't read it.
:::'''Julian:''' I knew it, you have to read ''The Adventurous Moles''. It is full of fun adventures.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are a trio that went to a wizarding school...
:::'''Julian:''' Hmm, interesting, but you're totally wrong! You should do better and read ''The Adventurous Moles''. It is full of fun adventures.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} March 7th, Dan Heng and me.
:::'''Julian:''' Hmph, you are such a cheeky grownup. You should do better and read ''The Adventurous Moles''.
:'''Julian:''' There are all kinds of stories in ''The Adventurous Moles''... But this edition is a bit strange. It's only got the preface and the table of contents. Here, read the preface.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190902
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:'''Julian:''' The author said in the preface {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"If you follow the clues in the table of contents, you can find the corresponding locations, where you can collect the pages of the book."}}...
:'''Julian:''' It seems to be saying that this edition is meant to have book pages, but they are hidden somewhere, and we have to use the table of contents to find clues about those hidden pages.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190901
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:'''Julian:''' Look at the chapter "The Missing Miner's Lamp." It says: {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|"In the Great Mine of Boulder Town..."}} Is that where some of the missing pages are?
:'''Julian:''' I haven't found anything, and I'm not even sure whether it's really true. But {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, if you'd like to know more about ''The Adventurous Moles'', then I can tell you all about that.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is ''The Adventurous Moles'' about?
::'''Julian:''' ''The Adventurous Moles'' has all kinds of great adventures. The Moles would often go into primitive jungles, lost cities, and even outer space...
::{{DIcon|Return}} Is there a jungle in Belobog?
:::'''Julian:''' Do grownups have no imagination? The adventures can be fictional, you know.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} Do you believe in the stuff written in the book?
:::'''Julian:''' Of course I do!
:::'''Julian:''' You probably think the things written in children's books are made up. Humph, you grownups just don't know better.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is so interesting about ''The Adventurous Moles''?
::'''Julian:''' All the protagonists in the story are children, but they often achieve things that adults cannot do. And when I read ''The Adventurous Moles'', I feel like I'm on an adventure, too.
::'''Julian:''' The author always calls the reader "the fourth little mole," so I am also a member of The Moles.
::{{DIcon|Return}} Adventure stories are indeed fun to read.
:::'''Julian:''' Oh, how I wish I could go on an epic adventure in a fantasy world of magic and swords, with my very own emergency food!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} Is that how you guys got the name "The Moles"?
:::'''Julian:''' ...I am not telling you.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I see. So it's a fairy tale for naughty kids.
:::'''Julian:''' Humph, you big grownup dum-dum don't know anything.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's the lead in ''The Adventurous Moles''?
::'''Julian:''' Don't you even know the three little moles?
::'''Julian:''' There's Becky, who is so independent and much cooler than boys; Carbine, who is good at invention and crafting; and Pava, who is strong!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me go and see.
::'''Julian:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, look, the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Great Mine}} is mentioned in the table of contents. Maybe there's something there?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Search the area that might have pages of the book{{subst:void|<!--201110502-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|Julian gives you a damaged book called ''The Adventurous Moles''. You find clues about the rest of this book in its table of contents. Maybe you can find the whole book.<br />Then, maybe you can even find the treasure... Wait, this is just a book for kids. Don't take it seriously.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Look for the hidden pages{{subst:void|<!--201110503-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|According to the table of contents of ''The Adventurous Moles'', this story happened here. Will you find any pages here?<br />Come to think of it, is it possible that the pages are hidden in this place where the story took place?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the treasure according to the puzzle in the book{{subst:void|<!--201110504-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|update|Surprisingly, you find the lost pages of ''The Adventurous Moles'' here, and they contain a clue about the puzzle. Maybe you can try to solve it...<br />Now you're working on a puzzle found in a kid's book. How addicting, is this why the kids love it? You just need another puzzle piece!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Discuss the results of the investigation with Julian{{subst:void|<!--201110505-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|Through hints in the storybook, you find the treasure hidden by the author at the Great Mine. This children's adventure book has actual treasures on top of a great story. Go and tell Julian the news.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' Wow! {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, I never expected you to actually find one of the pages of ''The Adventurous Moles''.
:'''Julian:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, maybe you can {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|track down all the rest of missing pages with clues from the table of contents!}}
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What benefits would there be if I find all the pages?
::'''Julian:''' You go find those pages so that you can let me read them.
::'''Julian:''' ...But I know what you mean. There's nothing in it for you at all. Only thinking of benefits &mdash; grownups are so greedy for cheap thrills.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know where to look. Help me.
::'''Julian:''' If you ask me again nicely, I might think about it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please.
:::'''Julian:''' Fine, I'll be generous this time.
:::'''Julian:''' But I don't know where to look either. Otherwise, I would have found them myself. What would I need you for?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmph, you cheeky little brat.
:::'''Julian:''' Hmph, you big grownup dum-dum. It's not like I wanted to tell you in the first place.
:'''Julian:''' But seriously, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, I'm actually starting to look forward to reading all those pages now. Please come and find me whenever you've found them all.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the remaining treasures based on the storybook's table of contents{{subst:void|<!--201110507-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|update|Based on the table of contents of ''The Adventurous Moles'', {{Color|keyword|there are still 3 chapters hidden at Backwater Pass, Rivet Town, and the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone respectively.}} If you find these missing pages, you can find clues to the treasure. Ask Julian if you have any questions. Once you've collected everything, talk to Julian.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tell Julian your progress with ''The Adventurous Moles''{{subst:void|<!--201110510-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|You've already collected all the pages that you could find from ''The Adventurous Moles''. You are probably the first one to have done so. Tell Julian the good news.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Obtain {{Item|''The Adventurous Moles: Hidden Treasure'' &mdash; Postface|20|x=1|text=''The Adventurous Moles: Hidden Treasure'' — Postface}})

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' WOW! Did you really find them all?
:'''Julian:''' ... Hey? Isn't there a page of postscript you haven't found yet?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know where to find the postscript.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who reads the postscript anyway?
:'''Julian:''' I happen to have the postscript here. There you go, take it.
:'''Julian:''' Now you have collected the whole book of ''The Adventurous Moles'', great job. You did great, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, I myself wouldn't have the patience to find all these missing pages.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Where did you find the postscript?
::'''Julian:''' I didn't find it. I've been going on adventures with The Moles every day. I don't have time to look for ''The Adventurous Moles''.
::'''Julian:''' The postscript was given to me by big sister Natasha. You happened to be missing it, so I gave it to you.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Surely, you're not that impatient?
::'''Julian:''' Hum! Everyone knows that kids are all impatient.
::'''Julian:''' Besides, the author writes very slowly. I don't know how long I'll have to wait for the next book.
::'''Julian:''' I have a question for you. The more I look forward to something, the longer I have to wait. Is time being slowed down by expectations?
::{{DIcon|Return}} Expectation does make waiting longer.
:::'''Julian:''' Hey, then I should look forward to it less.
:::'''Julian:''' ... Can I even manage to do that, I wonder?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} No, the author is just being lazy.
:::'''Julian:''' I see. It seems that I just made an excuse for adults.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you want to read the whole book?
::'''Julian:''' ...I do want to read it, but it's boring if it's just me by myself.
::'''Julian:''' Oh, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, since you've already collected all the pages for ''The Adventurous Moles'', why don't we bundle them up and give them to a publisher? That way, all children in Belobog can read it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Great idea.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yet even more errands to run...
:::'''Julian:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, you'll definitely hit a payday if you hand the manuscript to a publisher.
::'''Julian:''' Go on, then! The Moles and I can't wait to see the new book getting published.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give all the pages to Nika the publisher{{subst:void|<!--201110514-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Administrative District|update|Julian hands you the postscript to ''The Adventurous Moles''. With that, you now have the whole storybook. Upon Julian's recommendation, you decide to submit this children's adventure book for publication and sale. Nika the publisher works in the Administrative District up in the Overworld. Go and inquire with her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Lose {{Item|''The Adventurous Moles: Hidden Treasure'' &mdash; Table of Contents|20|x=1|text=''The Adventurous Moles: Hidden Treasure'' — Table of Contents}})

;(Talk to Agnes)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501023801-->)
::'''Agnes:''' "This sweet taste is like the first drop of water from the cracks of the ice when the river unfreezes after the Solwarm Festival, a bit of warmth amidst the bitter cold..."
::'''Agnes:''' What do you think? Doesn't this description give you an appetite?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Are you asking me?
:::'''Agnes:''' Yeah, do you see anyone else?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Maybe?
:::'''Agnes:''' You don't sound so convinced. I understand, you are saying "No."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not a chance.
:::'''Agnes:''' Well, I can't blame you &mdash; it's my own problem. My writing is not good enough.
::'''Agnes:''' Darn it. What's the point of being a food journalist if I can't use words to construct a sense of taste and utilize synesthesia? By the way, while I'm talking with you, I have another paragraph here. Let me read it to you.
::'''Agnes:''' "The rich sauces are like an invading army, completely overwhelming the crisp and fresh taste of the salmon. The gentle aroma of fish has no choice but to surrender in defeat..."
::'''Agnes:''' How's that feel? A little too wordy?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should write a novel.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, a lot of unnecessary details.
::'''Agnes:''' I can't help myself, I used to be a literary journalist. Every day I was trying to add more adjectives to the sentence anywhere I could fit them. I wouldn't get my bonus if readers can easily deduce the subject, predicate, and object within three lines.
::'''Agnes:''' But then a new girl came and was better at filling in words than I was, so I made a career change. Have you read the cuisine section of the ''Crystal Daily''? I am the author of that section.
::'''Agnes:''' Honestly, I don't want to include all that garish garbage in my writing anyway...
::'''Agnes:''' I'm gonna put more work into honing my rhetorical skills. Well, enough about me &mdash; how can I help you?
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501023801-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501023871,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Agnes:''' Sorry, still scrambling to finish my article. Did one paragraph today, but I want to bin the whole thing already...
::'''Agnes:''' Need to put more work into honing my rhetorical skills. How may I help?

;(Talk to Chavez)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501027101-->)
::'''Chavez:''' Young person, look over here! Just two minutes of your time can save you from future losses!
::'''Chavez:''' Has a sneaky kid with dark blue hair ever come up to talk to you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...It rings a bell.
:::'''Chavez:''' You are likely a victim of the "Dark-Blue Scam"!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't that Sampo?
:::'''Chavez:''' ... Sampo? You've been scammed! That's just an alias. That means... you're a victim of the Dark-Blue Scam!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've never seen someone like that.
:::'''Chavez:''' You are likely a potential victim of the Dark-Blue Scam!
::'''Chavez:''' Take my advice, that guy is a serial scammer. Don't believe anything he says!
::'''Chavez:''' Here, take this. This is a tutorial on preventing scams written by the Dark-Blue Scam Victims Association. Read it carefully and if you have any questions, come to me!
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501027101-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501027142,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_5010271_18)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I ask a question...?
::'''Chavez:''' Go ahead! It's our responsibility to help prevent the public from being scammed.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} ...the Dark-Blue Scam Victims Association?
:::'''Chavez:''' That's right! The members of the Association are all former victims. We are united to share what we have learned and help the public by raising awareness!
:::'''Chavez:''' The guide goes over case studies of those who were scammed by the blue-haired swindler. It is evidence of his evil crimes, a painful lesson that we predecessors suffered.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} ...How were you scammed?
:::'''Chavez:''' The first time I met that guy, he asked if I wanted a "parallel universe printer."
:::'''Chavez:''' Well, I asked him how the printer works... and he immediately started rambling on a bunch of smorgasbord about science stuff. I was almost caught up in it.
:::'''Chavez:''' Terms like parallel universe, Aeons, and parity anomaly... Swindlers love to use these words related to the universe and Aeons to scam people!
:::'''Chavez:''' I didn't believe him until he used it to print money. He made two bills with the exact same serial number...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How much did you pay?
::::'''Chavez:''' Uh... the price isn't important. What's important is that you need to be careful, so the same scam doesn't happen to you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did the printer work?
::::'''Chavez:''' Of course not, otherwise why do you think I would have joined the association?
:::'''Chavez:''' Ahem, sometime later, after the counterfeiting scam, I bumped into that same blue-haired guy again in an alley in the Commercial District.
:::'''Chavez:''' I should have had the Silvermane Guards arrest him, but I was so angry and I needed an explanation...
:::'''Chavez:''' Instead, he asked me with a straight face, "Were you staring at the printer?"
:::'''Chavez:''' He accused me of not reading the manual and wasting such a genius invention. He even offered to refund the full payment so that he could find another buyer for the parallel universe printer.
:::'''Chavez:''' He also said, "If the operator keeps staring at the printer, the parallel universe transmission can't happen. The only way to avoid interfering with the transmission process is to observe it with the help of an aether lens."
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...So you bought an aether lens?
:::'''Chavez:''' Doesn't that sound reasonable? So I was tricked again by his apparent sincerity...
:::'''Chavez:''' Now I know that nine out of ten people who try to associate their products with any kind of parallel universe theory are scammers!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Parallel universes actually exist.
::::'''Chavez:''' Haha, are you kidding me? Do you really expect me to believe that?
::::'''Chavez:''' Or... are you working with the blue-haired guy?
::::'''Chavez:''' Get out! If you don't leave, I'll have Silvermane Guards come and arrest you!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow, I am soo scared.
::::'''Chavez:''' Laugh at me if you want, just remember what I told you... Be careful with anything related to parallel universes!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.

;(Talk to Dominic)
:'''Dominic:''' Normal it is, for you to have doubts in your hearts &mdash; because you look around yourselves, and you can't SEE Preservation anywhere; you cast your eyes hither and thither, and nary do you see ANY evidence of the very existence of Preservation.
:'''Dominic:''' ...And yet comes this very day, I shall resolve your doubts and let you feel the true grace of Preservation, let you marvel at the almighty will of the Architects...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Keep listening...
::'''Dominic:''' ...Preservation is the embodiment of Qlipoth, and is with us all the time. It's the secret force that imperceptibly shapes our personalities, impacting all the important decisions that we make during our lives...
::'''Dominic:''' ...The reason why you struggle so to find it, is because Preservation's grace is integrated with the world we know, diffused throughout the air we breathe, refracted through the light we see. It has gently embraced us in its bosom since the very dawn of our existence.
::'''Dominic:''' The Admonishments of the Supreme Guardian remind us to never take Preservation's grace for granted! We must inherit the spirit of our Architect ancestors: To persevere and survive in this world of ours, and to bravely defy any calamities we face!
::'''Dominic:''' The Fragmentum and the Eternal Freeze &mdash; These are just bumps in the road on the path to carrying out the will of Preservation! O brothers and sisters, stand together with thine Architects and our Supreme Guardian! Follow in her footsteps &mdash; for victory is our destiny!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen to what the crowd is saying.
::'''Male Onlooker:''' Hear that? What an impassioned speech! Praise the Architects, as his words have reinvigorated my lust for life...
::'''Female Onlooker:''' ...Is it really as great as you say? If you ask me, these Architects just say the same empty rhetoric day in day out &mdash; and if you've got time for all this bluster, you've got time to help improve everyone's living conditions around here...
::'''Child Onlooker:''' Preservation! O praise!
::'''Senior Onlooker:''' I've been off for a big walk, and come back. It's still going!? Kids these days, they never shut up.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's enough for me.

;(Talk to Furdo)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You seem upset.
::'''Furdo:''' Huh? Is it that obvious?
::'''Furdo:''' Dealing with a bunch of ignorant old people, every day &mdash; you would be annoyed too if you were me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of legal issues do you help them with?
::'''Furdo:''' Legal issues? You think too highly of the people of Belobog. What they come to me for has nothing to do with the law. It's all complaints about daily life.
::'''Furdo:''' It's always the same thing. The complainant tells me they have been altruistic and taken the big picture into consideration and the offending party has taken advantage of them and is being ungrateful.
::'''Furdo:''' You can hear thousands of stories like this at Solwarm Festival family gatherings. Those stories are, in the end, moral blackmail, which I'm not interested in at all.
::'''Furdo:''' But I am a legal practitioner after all, so it is my duty to help the public get to know the law. Every time it gets to this part, they start to pretend like they don't understand me.
::'''Furdo:''' But who's to blame? After all, the law is always fair and impartial, showing favor to no one?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow. You have a hard job.
:::'''Furdo:''' I know, right!? I can't go on being a Roaming Judge for a second longer.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just hearing about it makes my head spin.
:::'''Furdo:''' I know, right!? I can't go on being a Roaming Judge for a second longer.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of cases do you consider important?
::'''Furdo:''' Corruption-related, with evil organizations or personnel involved. Or at least arms smuggling... or scams...
::'''Furdo:''' Forget it. Just pretend like I'm talking nonsense. Belobog is too safe to have cases like that. Even if there is a big case, it's out of my reach...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.

;(Talk to Wallace)
:'''Wallace:''' I'm all ears.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you rich?
::'''Wallace:''' Oh, I wouldn't say I'm rich. I'm... comfortable.
::'''Wallace:''' I have a couple of properties in the Administrative District that require maintenance. I have to pay taxes for them. But I'm far too lazy to rent them out &mdash; I mean, time is money! Besides, they're full of priceless relics...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You're into ancient relics?
::'''Wallace:''' Not exactly. I just like to own them.
::'''Wallace:''' For example, a while back Lord Simon told me he obtained a particularly rare gold watch, said to be a relic left behind by the third supreme guardian.
::'''Wallace:''' How could I miss out on such a rarity! So I offered him three houses for it...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I think I get the picture.

;(Talk to Lavonne)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501023901-->)
::'''Lavonne:''' Great location in the outskirt of the city, energy and water already sorted out. For this fully furnished property with fabulous interior design, you need to bring nothing but yourself! High demand, limited supply! I'd want to take one for myself! Hey, you there! What are you waiting for?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm waiting for you to finish.
:::'''Lavonne:''' What else can be said? The price is unbeatable! I have friends in high places. You get my drift? My sources have told me that the price of this property will only go up in the next two years.
:::'''Lavonne:''' An increase of thirty percent... no, forty! To be honest with you, I'm being conservative here.
:::'''Lavonne:''' The actual number is at least this much. Don't look so scared. See what I mean here? I'm trying to keep it on the down low, because...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not looking to buy a property.
:::'''Lavonne:''' Sure, sure, young people are not in a hurry. I get it. Let's put it this way: From the perspective of an investor, we are not talking about a house to live in. It's an asset!
:::'''Lavonne:''' If I were you, I wouldn't miss out on this opportunity. Buy it now, wait for the price to go up and sell it. Easy money!
:::'''Lavonne:''' Tell you this, if you buy the property and decide to sell it at some point, no matter if you find a potential buyer, I'll list it for you 13% higher than the current price. You have my word.
::'''Lavonne:''' Trust me, I am the best local property agent. There hasn't been a house that I couldn't sell!
::'''Lavonne:''' I've probably said enough. Anyway, think about my proposal. Don't make a decision that you will someday regret.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501023901-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501023980,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Lavonne:''' Or is there anything else you want to talk about?

;(Talk to Lila)
:<!--0.3-second delay-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What creatures are there in Belobog?
::'''Lila:''' Cats and dogs. There are wolves and birds in the wild... That's about it. You'll have to check out the museum's specimens to see what other kinds of animals there were in the past.
::'''Lila:''' I heard that hundreds of years ago, Belobog had domesticated bears, and direwolves roamed the wild. They're no longer around though.
::'''Lila:''' But I believe there are other animals out there that survived the Eternal Freeze. I just have no way to prove it. Now, I have no choice but to study humans...
::'''Lila:''' Did you know that humans in Belobog have at least three different origins? But you don't seem to belong to any one of them. That's why I was so surprised back then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must be mistaken.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're right, I'm an alien.
::'''Lila:''' Haha, I must've been researching too much... Ever since I got my hands on that book, my head's been in the clouds.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What book?
:::'''Lila:''' This ''Underground Encyclopedia of Zoology'' was apparently brought back from the underground by a Silvermane Guard. It talks about a lot of strange creatures.
:::'''Lila:''' Ever since I finished the book, I couldn't stop thinking about how these animals must look like.
:::'''Lila:''' I really want to know more about these crystalline lizards, geomarrow olms, funeral worms... I want to know what they eat, how they reproduce... everything.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} In the clouds?
:::'''Lila:''' This ''Underground Encyclopedia of Zoology'' was apparently brought back from the underground by a Silvermane Guard. It talks about a lot of strange creatures.
:::'''Lila:''' Ever since I finished the book, I couldn't stop thinking about how these animals must look like.
:::'''Lila:''' I really want to know more about these crystalline lizards, geomarrow olms, funeral worms... I want to know what they eat, how they reproduce... everything.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why don't you go look for them?
::'''Lila:''' I've been outside the city a few times for journalism, but there wasn't enough spare time to do ecological research then.
::'''Lila:''' But recently, I met a benefactor who is willing to finance my expedition as long as his requirements are met. He's even willing to take care of the expedition permits and formalities as well.
::'''Lila:''' I'm already making preparations for the expedition.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Lila:''' If you see any rare species in the future, remember to tell me about them!

;(Talk to Manya)
:'''Manya:''' I just said I'm on break... Fine, if you insist.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of work do you do exactly?
::'''Manya:''' Excellent question! My job involves a little bit of everything, but vital to keeping things running smoothly in Belobog! You could say I'm the unsung hero of the city.
::'''Manya:''' I'm responsible for grassroots affairs in the Administrative District, listening to basic requests from people, and solving day-to-day issues.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} In that case, can you hear out my request?
::'''Manya:''' Of course! But you will need to reserve a slot. My work hours are from 9:00 AM to 12:00 PM, and 2:00 PM to 5:00 PM. I handle administrative and civil affairs during these times.
::'''Manya:''' I'm currently on break. As a public official, separating professional and private time is of basic importance.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How do I make an official appointment?
::'''Manya:''' Please fill out a form at counter 236 on the second floor of Qlipoth Fort. Then have a staff member stamp it at window 35 on the third floor.
::'''Manya:''' After stamping, please head to window 155 on the first floor and wait in line for the proof of appointment. The formal processing usually takes one month after the appointment has been made.
::'''Manya:''' To inquire about the specific processes, please consult the window staff when making the appointment.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You're just trying to slack off, aren't you?
::'''Manya:''' What would make you think that? But I don't blame you. Many have the same misunderstanding, thinking this is just a job where you can kick your feet up.
::'''Manya:''' A job where I just "Clock in, drink tea, read the newspaper, chit-chat with colleagues, and stare at the time, waiting to get off." But that's all nonsense.
::'''Manya:''' Please lose these false impressions of grassroots public officials. Our days are busy ones indeed.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Nothing else.

;(Talk to Nika)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501024001-->)
::'''Nika:''' Excuse me! Sorry&mdash;Yeah, sorry to bother you. Can I take a moment of your time?
::'''Nika:''' Can I ask you a question, about literature?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
:::'''Nika:''' Just one of those general questions. I'd like to hear your take on it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Literature?
:::'''Nika:''' Just one of those general questions. I'd like to hear your take on it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Pretend you didn't notice her)
:::'''Nika:''' Wait a minute! It won't take long.
::'''Nika:''' I'll get straight to it. How would you rate these two books, ''Snow Plains'' and ''The Three Trebles''?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I haven't read either.
:::'''Nika:''' What? That's a pity. These are must-reads on the list of "Books You Should Read in Belobog."
:::'''Nika:''' Well, don't mind me... I guess I can't expect everyone to be as educated...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Make up a generic literary critique)
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Powerful, stylish, and full of unexpected twists and turns, these two books demonstrated with their refined language the strengths of both authors.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Their attempt to question and explore the spiritual side of mankind is commendable but unfortunately falls short compared with some of the greatest works of literature.
:::'''Nika:''' Amazing! Words of wisdom from a true master.
::'''Nika:''' Let me introduce myself. I am Nika with the ''Crystal Daily''. Sorry to bother you but we are collecting petitions from readers to lift the ban on the ''Tale of the Winterlands''.
::'''Nika:''' It would be wonderful if you could sign here. Of course, feel free to raise any concerns...
::'''Nika:''' Ah yes, as a gesture of goodwill, I'll give you ''The Seven Wonders of Belobog'' as a gift!
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501024001-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501024077,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>

;(Talk to Celine)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501026801-->)
::'''Celine:''' Ah, ah, ah, ah! La, la, la, la!
::'''Celine:''' Sorry, I didn't notice there were people around. I'm not disturbing you, am I?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have a great voice.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wasn't bothered at all.
::'''Celine:''' Okay, I shall continue warming up my voice... Oh, no! The play isn't open to the public yet. I'd better not spoil it. I am so forgetful!
::'''Celine:''' Anyway, the play is still in rehearsal. I'm the leading.... actress' voice. If you like the song, we can meet again in the theater.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501026801-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501026845,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Celine:''' I can feel something deep in the harmony... I know I'm still young, but I'm sure he's the one... la la la...
::'''Celine:''' Huh. Are you here for my singing again? That won't do. You need to enjoy the performance in the theater... Or are you here for something else?

;(Talk to Tamila)
:<!--0.3-second delay-->
:'''Tamila:''' As you can probably tell, my voice is rather low-pitched. The director is not very happy about that, so the theater hired a voice actress to "assist" me.
:'''Tamila:''' She is impeccable indeed... but I too was professionally trained. Never missed a day of practice.
:'''Tamila:''' Now I have to lip sync and act as if in a silent film. I can't help but think that maybe one day they'll get rid of me altogether...
:'''Tamila:''' What do you think I should do?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Work on your acting.
::'''Tamila:''' *sigh* That won't do. People come to musicals for the songs.
::'''Tamila:''' How embarrassing would it be if a musical performer can't sing with her own voice? It's ridiculous! I'll be like thespians who can't remember their lines and need others to read out the script for them.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why not try acting in a play?
::'''Tamila:''' Both are theatrical arts, true. But the skills they require are hardly transferable.
::'''Tamila:''' Plus, musicals have always been my passion... I don't want to simply give up like this. I still want to give it a go.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Maybe find a project that suits your voice better.
::'''Tamila:''' I'm afraid it's not that easy.
::'''Tamila:''' You might not know this, but musical artists only look good on stage for a very limited period of time.
::'''Tamila:''' Once their physiques change or their voice becomes coarse, they have to bid the stage farewell. They'll call it "spending more time with the family," but everyone knows that's the end of their career.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You'll have to challenge that.
:::'''Tamila:''' Even if the theater agreed with me, the audience would not buy it. They have been quite honest in likes and dislikes.
:::'''Tamila:''' But you do have a point... people should be less judgmental.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are other types of musicals you can try.
:::'''Tamila:''' The theater manager is convinced that the audience is only interested in love songs aimed at teens. But it's possible that people's taste has changed and the management failed to grasp it.
:::'''Tamila:''' You know what? I'll see if I can bring some artists together and try some new things. How does that sound?
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Need to find a way to get your voice assist fired.
::'''Tamila:''' No, I want to keep my job fair and square. I have no interest in theater politics.
::'''Tamila:''' She is one of us after all. I hope she will see her dream come true on stage one day.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I can't think of a better way to help.
::'''Tamila:''' No worries. Thanks for listening to me. I feel much better already. Please keep this conversation a secret.

;(Talk to Amo)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501024201-->)
::'''Amo:''' ...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you looking at?
:::'''Amo:''' Things that were, things that are, and things that are yet to happen.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's so special about the trashcan?
:::'''Amo:''' Nothing. It is plain and lacks character, just like me.
::'''Amo:''' Ah, I am good for nothing. I am destined to end up in a trashcan.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be so harsh on yourself.
:::'''Amo:''' You misunderstood me. I am pondering about life, value, and eternity.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're quite a poet.
:::'''Amo:''' Thank you. That was indeed my occupation.
::'''Amo:''' I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Amo. I write things for a living. Sorry for blocking your way... Hm? Can I help you with anything?
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501024201-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501024272,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Amo:''' Oh, don't mind me. I was completely lost in that sense of belonging. I remember you, friend. What brings you here?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Adventurous Moles
|zhs  = 冒险鼹鼠队
|zht  = 冒險鼴鼠隊
|ja   = モグラ冒険隊
|ko   = 두더지 모험단
|es   = Los topos aventureros
|fr   = Les Taupes aventurières
|ru   = Кроты-приключенцы
|th   = การผจญภัยของแก๊งตัวตุ่น
|vi   = Đội Chuột Chũi Phiêu Lưu
|de   = Die abenteuerlustigen Maulwürfe
|id   = Petualang The Moles
|pt   = As Toupeiras Aventureiras
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
