<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tides of War (Adventure Mission)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021201
|title         = Tides of War
|image         = <!--Mission Tides of War (Adventure Mission).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Tides of War
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Silent Galaxy]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bob; Lysander; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Supply Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Supply Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Tides of War''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Tides of War]] event.

==Steps==
# Speak with Lysander
# Talk to Bob to find out more

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Lysander{{subst:void|<!--802120101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|A retired researcher has something to talk with you about at the space station. Best to have this conversation face-to-face.<br />This fellow is always so mysterious, but he might just have some good news to share with you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Lysander)
:'''Lysander:''' Young 'un, you're here...
:'''Lysander:''' Recently, a young fella made a gadget, and I thought you might like it. I've given him a heads-up. You can go over there and have some fun. It's pretty interesting.
:'''Lysander:''' He just came back to the space station, and when he heard you were coming, he waited there for you...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Bob to find out more{{subst:void|<!--802120102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Supply Zone|update|Lysander's junior just returned from a vacation at Penacony. He seems to know a lot about your achievements on the space station and wants to meet "the space station's big hero."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Bob)
:'''Bob:''' Ooh, so you're that (Trailblazer) everyone's talking about. The Nameless, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's me. Who are you?
::'''Bob:''' Uh, didn't old Lysander mention me to you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lysander asked me to come to you...
::'''Bob:''' Yeah, it's me! You've found the right person.
:'''Bob:''' Ahem, let me introduce myself. I'm Bob. I work in the Maintenance Department, and I just got back to the space station.
:'''Bob:''' I was on vacation in Penacony, and little did I know I'd miss meeting a big shot like you there.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't butter me up. Let's get to the point...
::'''Bob:''' Well, I'm not trying to butter you up... We were discussing things in the Heritor group, and I genuinely admired you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What brought you to Penacony?
::'''Bob:''' Um, when it comes to vacations, any intelligent life would choose the Planet of Festivities, right...?
:'''Bob:''' Ahem, so I went to Penacony for a vacation and ended up solving a technical issue along the way.
:'''Bob:''' I met a technician from the Garden of Recollection there, with whom I had exchanged several emails before... With her help, I managed to extract this stuff...
:Bob gestures towards the memory bubble next to him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this the... interesting stuff?
::'''Bob:''' Yeah, it took me a lot of effort. I tested it myself, and it's pretty fun.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just a memory bubble...
::'''Bob:''' Nah, nah, it's not "just" an ordinary memory bubble.
:'''Bob:''' This memory bubble... holds all my childhood memories... and all the good times...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why such a sudden change of topic?
::'''Bob:''' Ahem, my bad. I couldn't help but get sentimental when I think about my childhood memories.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uh... Come on. Cheer up...
::'''Bob:''' I'm not feeling down, just getting a bit sentimental, you know? It's all those memories from way back when.
:'''Bob:''' When I was a kid, I was crazy about this game, and I thought about recreating it when I came to the space station... But unfortunately, the game company went bankrupt ages ago, and I had no clue whom to contact for the rights...
:'''Bob:''' Luckily, I had this amazing idea in my dreams: What if I recreated the game using my "memories" as the basis...?
:'''Bob:''' I've been working on this project for almost a year now. With all the resources on the space station and some technical assistance, I've finally made it happen.
:'''Bob:''' This memory bubble is actually "Tides of War: Untainted Childhood Memories Passionate-Heart Burning-Soul Ultimate Collection" &mdash; It's a cool and easy customized fighting game where you can battle all those childhood foes in the memory for a whole day!
:'''Bob:''' And... I've added all sorts of customized features and assists in there... Now it's way easier than the old version I played as a kid!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't that just cheating?
::'''Bob:''' W&mdash;Well, it's not... not a cheat, yeah! It's not like you press a button and instantly beat the game! You still have to clear those stages yourself!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Its name is pretty cringy...
::'''Bob:''' ...Well, that's how they named games back in the day, you know...
:'''Bob:''' Anyway, this game is still in alpha, and Uncle Lysander has asked me to save you a spot. Why not come and give it a try?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerEntityEvent",
	"EventName": {
		"Value": "Clt_TriggerClose"
	},
	"InstanceID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tides of War
|zhs  = 战意狂潮
|zht  = 戰意狂潮
|ja   = 戦意の潮
|ko   = 전의의 파도
|es   = Corrientes de guerra
|fr   = Furie du combat
|ru   = Цунами войны
|th   = กระแสวิญญาณนักสู้
|vi   = Chiến Ý Mạnh Mẽ
|de   = Kampfesrausch
|id   = Ombak Peperangan
|pt   = Ondas da Guerra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
