<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#To: The Faint Star#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2000110
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission To The Faint Star.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Road to Revival]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Long Wait for the Blade's Edge]]'' completed
* Reach [[Trailblaze Level]] 12
|summary       = Rocky from the Department of Cosmic Geography lost communication with his crush, Lesley. You discovered that the intentional disconnection was caused by Rocky's master, Bernard, who did so to conceal a harsh truth &mdash; they had been separated across different times and spaces.<br />With your assistance, Rocky made the most crucial decision in his life.
|characters    = Bernard; Rocky; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = Road to Revival
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*250; Stellar Jade*40; Hertareum*50; Sparse Aether*12; Credit*12,000
}}
'''''To: The Faint Star''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Listen to what the young man from the Department of Cosmic Geography has on his mind

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Listen to what the young man from the Department of Cosmic Geography has on his mind{{subst:void|<!--200011000-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Master Control Zone|A young researcher named Rocky from the Department of Cosmic Geography seems to have a lot on his mind lately. As it turns out, he's been keeping in contact with his crush. However, this time, the expected letter of reply from his crush never came.<br />The two never run out of things to talk about, and seeing that he had just confessed his love, he is urgently asking for you to investigate why their communications have abruptly ended.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Bernard)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you think Lesley likes Rocky?
::'''Bernard:''' If you ask me, that can only be his wishful thinking! That can only happen in his dreams!
::'''Bernard:''' Maybe there are so many rumors about that girl that everyone has forgotten one important fact &mdash; her individual capacities are simply extraordinary.
::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is more than a celebrity. She is a gifted scholar. She's the combined result of her genes and her own efforts. Even her sister Emily won't be able to achieve anything like that.
::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is a once-in-a-century genius while Rocky is only an ordinary researcher.
::'''Bernard:''' Tell me, do you think she'll like him?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you support them being together?
::'''Bernard:''' How am I supposed to comment on something like that? Would you prepare for an opening speech for the Genius Society? You won't!
::'''Bernard:''' It's just something impossible!
::'''Bernard:''' If Lesley really says yes to Rocky, he'll have to work hard. Otherwise, the gap between them will be too big and their lifestyles will be too different. Even if they are together, they will fight a lot.
::'''Bernard:''' I'm old. I can't bear to see people break up. If they want to be together in the long run, Rocky will have to toughen up himself!
::'''Bernard:''' Ehem... Look what I said! Nonsense! Nonsense!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How do you evaluate the invasion?
::'''Bernard:''' Expected, both for the invasion itself and the survival of the space station.
::'''Bernard:''' I had no doubt that any external attack will be unable to destroy the space station.
::'''Bernard:''' Because I know the worse issue lies in internal distortion instead of external disturbance.
::'''Bernard:''' If conflicts and contempts continue to exist among different departments, I'm afraid the space station will collapse before I die. Its own issue leads to its internal disintegration!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Bernard:''' You are a youngster too. Your words are more influential than mine. When you have time, please talk to my student.
::'''Bernard:''' Sigh. It's my misfortune as well as the Department of Cosmic Geography's misfortune!

;(Talk to Rocky)
:'''Rocky:''' Should I make it witty? Nah, maybe sentimental is better. Elegance? Well, I probably shouldn't use idioms in a poem.
:'''Rocky:''' Should I use "dark silk" or "white gown" here? Tsk... It's hurting my brain...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing?
:'''Rocky:''' Oh, I am just writing a poem. Can't you see the drafts on the desk?
:'''Rocky:''' Oh, your interruption reminds me. How come Lesley still hasn't replied to my letters after all those poems I sent her?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is Lesley...
::'''Bernard:''' Oh, Lesley is a prominent researcher in the Department of Insight, the only scholar who has visited the Abundance segmentum this Amber Era.
::'''Bernard:''' You sure she has time for you?
::'''Rocky:''' Of course she does! Ever since Lesley left, we've been communicating on and off through the Cosmic Airwave Repeater.
::'''Rocky:''' She will never ignore me even though we are tens of thousands of light-years away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do people here write letters too?
::'''Rocky:''' Oh, don't get me wrong. I was not talking about paper letters. Ever since Lesley left, we've been communicating on and off through the Cosmic Airwave Repeater.
::'''Rocky:''' Even if we are tens of thousands of light-years apart, she still replies to my messages. Only this time...
::'''Bernard:''' She is a prominent researcher at the Department of Insight, the only scholar who has visited the Abundance segmentum in this Amber Era.
::'''Bernard:''' She must be very busy with her research. Don't expect her to keep answering you all the time!
:'''Rocky:''' This is the only time she hasn't replied to me.
:'''Rocky:''' I... I confessed my love for her in my last letter. I usually just talk to her about the types of rock and mud we see in Department of Cosmic Geography...
:'''Bernard:''' Brat.
:'''Bernard:''' Show some respect to your own discipline, will you?
:'''Rocky:''' I really don't understand why Lesley stopped answering me after I confessed my love for her...
:'''Rocky:''' We used to chat about a lot of things, from which of the 101 Aeon instruments in the Department of Insight require Gunn's beard, to...
:'''Rocky:''' And about how to use Astro Rods to examine the quality of soil, thus determining the rise and fall of the inhabitants of the planet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bro, you are very romantic.
::'''Rocky:''' So this is romantic? Then we had even more "romantic" discussions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ghosting you might just be her way of rejection.
::'''Rocky:''' That's impossible. If she were to reject me, why would she talk to me so much? Besides...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who the hell talks about mud with a girl...
::'''Rocky:''' Mud... what's wrong with mud!? With Lesley, it's fun even when I talk about mud. Besides...
:'''Rocky:''' During the communication where I confessed my love, she told me about a spectacular {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|starquake}}.
:'''Rocky:''' Think about it! A star DIED! Most people would try to hide, but not my Lesley. Not only did she get first-hand observational data, she even saved a cosmic hitchhiker who almost died!
:'''Rocky:''' You have no idea how happy she sounded in her reply. Even the Airwave Repeater signal was cheerful!
:'''Rocky:''' Whenever I receive a reply from her, I can't help but picture the smile on her face and I'd carve it on a rock.
:'''Rocky:''' Before the Legion invasion, I had a bunch of rocks all lined up in a row on my desk. Unfortunately, they went missing in the chaos.
:'''Bernard:''' Reckless romance.
:'''Bernard:''' It's detrimental to your research!
:'''Rocky:''' Anyway, there is no sign that she's going to reject me. If I don't receive her reply within the usual time frame... it means there must be something wrong with the Cosmic Airwave Repeater!
:'''Rocky:''' In my investigation, I found out that a group of Legion monsters occupied the area where the signals are transmitted. Can you help me find out what happened?
:'''Rocky:''' Can you help me find out what happened to the Airwave Repeater? My master wouldn't let me go...
:'''Bernard:''' Don't help him!
:'''Bernard:''' All he thinks about is the Airwave Repeater. He hasn't done any proper work for more than 10 days. Shame on you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll help you.
::'''Rocky:''' Nice!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We may as well get this off his chest.
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph! A bunch of hooligans...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shame on you!
:'''Rocky:''' Don't listen to my master! If you have the time to listen to him, you would've found the Cosmic Airwave Repeater already.
:'''Rocky:''' Listen, the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Airwave Repeater}} is next to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Disposal Site}}! It is a massive warehouse for storing discarded Curios.
:'''Rocky:''' If you can resume our communication, I promise I'll reward you by inviting you to be our {{MC|f=bridesmaid|m=best man}}!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = To: The Faint Star
|zhs  = 致：黯淡星
|zht  = 致：黯淡星
|ja   = ダークスターへ
|ko   = 희미한 별에게
|es   = Para la estrella sombría
|fr   = Destination&nbsp;: l'étoile blafarde
|ru   = Письмо тусклой звезде
|th   = ถึง: ดวงดาวที่มืดสลัว
|vi   = Đến: Ngôi Sao Ảm Đạm
|de   = An: Den vagen Stern
|id   = Kepada: Bintang Redup
|pt   = Destino: a Estrela Vacilante
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
