<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Underground Travelogue (Part 5)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8012105
|title         = Underground Travelogue (V)
|image         = <!--Mission Underground Travelogue (Part 5).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Underground Treasure Hunt
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Underground Travelogue (IV)]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aksay; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Great Mine]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Great Mine
|prev          = Underground Travelogue (IV)
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*10,000
}}
'''''Underground Travelogue (V)''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Underground Treasure Hunt]] event.

==Steps==
# Clear ruin 5 in Underground Treasure Hunt

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Clear ruin 5 in Underground Treasure Hunt{{subst:void|<!--801210501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Great Mine|Aksay has excavated the last of the ancient ruins, and it seems more dangerous than ever... Complete your treasure hunting journey!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Aksay)
:'''Aksay:''' Ah, it's you again. Ready to go treasure hunting down in the ancient ruins?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitUIControllerClose",
	"UIControllerName": "TreasureDungeonResultDialog"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ClosePage",
	"PageNames": [
		"TreasureDungeonEntrancePage"
	],
	"PageRootNames": []
}</pre>
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
----
:'''Aksay:''' Huh &mdash; you really ARE good. We managed to both get out of there in one piece!
:'''Aksay:''' This time we really looted every last scrap from that ruin, and we made a nice score. Those other relic hunters are gonna be steaming mad!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't seem like we'll be earning much from this...
:'''Aksay:''' Ahem... The buyer is that guy called Tall, Blue, and Handsome. He's the most reliable trader I know, and he'd never swindle us!
:'''Aksay:''' He said there've been a lot of relics dug up recently and you know how that tanks the market. Be happy with your lot!
:'''Aksay:''' Oh yeah, I'm going off treasure-hunting somewhere else soon... Before I go, if you wanna go back in to hunt for relics one last time &mdash; ahh, I mean as many times you like &mdash; well, I'll be there!
:'''Aksay:''' Perhaps there's something juicy that we missed before... What say you?
----

;(Talk to Aksay)
:'''Aksay:''' Ah, it's you again. Ready to go treasure hunting down in the ancient ruins?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Underground Travelogue (V)
|zhs  = 地城游记•其五
|zht  = 地城遊記•其五
|ja   = 地下遺跡探遊記・五
|ko   = 지하 여행기•5
|es   = Diario de un viaje subterráneo&nbsp;V
|fr   = Voyage au centre de la terre (V)
|ru   = Путевые записки из-под земли V
|th   = บันทึกการเดินทางในเมืองใต้ดิน 5
|vi   = Du Ký Thành Ngầm 5
|de   = Untergrund-Reisebericht (Teil 5)
|id   = Catatan Perjalanan Bawah Tanah (Bagian 5)
|pt   = Diário de Viagem do Subterrâneo (V)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}
