<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Vessel of Mediocrity (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2010302
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Vessel of Mediocrity (I).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Lying in Rust]]'' completed
|summary       = You find a strange little girl &mdash; Cyrille &mdash; in the Fragmentum. You helped her to solve two puzzles, but somehow she still doesn't want to leave the Fragmentum with you. Sensing something amiss, you decide to ask Sampo for help, only to find that Cyrille has mysteriously disappeared upon your return.
|characters    = Cyrille; Mysterious Girl; Sampo; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Backwater Pass]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Backwater Pass
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*30; Shield (Item)*100; Sparse Aether*6; Cyrille (Readable)*1 { text = Cyrille: An Old Diary }; Credit*6,000
}}
'''''Vessel of Mediocrity (I)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Trailblaze an adventure
# Solve an Armory Box puzzle
# Talk to Cyrille
# Solve an Armory Box puzzle
# Talk to Cyrille
# Find Sampo in the Underworld
# Go find Cyrille back at Backwater Pass

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Trailblaze an adventure{{subst:void|<!--201030201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|Those on the Path of Trailblaze will encounter all kinds of strange people and odd anecdotes during the journey. Not only do these trivial stories fill up trailblazers' journals, but they also deepen their connections to all worlds.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mysterious Girl)
:'''Mysterious Girl:''' ...
:'''Mysterious Girl:''' How can I get out of here...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey, are you lost?
::'''Mysterious Girl:''' ...Lost?
::'''Mysterious Girl:''' I'm not lost, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. Don't worry about me! He said nothing bad can ever happen so long as I listen to him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here all by yourself? It's not safe.
::'''Mysterious Girl:''' ...Not safe?
::'''Mysterious Girl:''' It's plenty safe here, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. Don't worry about me! He said nothing bad can ever happen so long as I listen to him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's "he"? Your dad?
::'''Mysterious Girl:''' Dad? No, nope. He's important, but he's not my dad...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is "he" talking nonsense? We are in the Fragmentum...
::'''Mysterious Girl:''' Fragmentum...? No, this is our shopping street. He said this is the busiest spot in all of Belobog.
:'''Cyrille:''' Oh, he also mentioned that it's polite to always introduce yourself. So, my name is Cyrille, and it's nice... an honor, I mean, to meet you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Trailblazer). come with me.
::'''Cyrille:''' (Trailblazer)... What a strange name.
::'''Cyrille:''' Sorry, it's not polite to say that. He said... gotta be polite, to everyone, at all times.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have to get you out of here, Cyrille.
::'''Cyrille:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}, don't you want to tell me your name?
::'''Cyrille:''' Oh... that's okay. Don't worry. He said... gotta be polite, to everyone, at all times.
:'''Cyrille:''' I can't go with you, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. I have to find a way to get out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you saying... I don't understand.
::'''Cyrille:''' I'm sorry. I'm not like my sister... My sister is smart, and can explain everything to you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't just leave a little kid like you here all alone.
::'''Cyrille:''' Don't worry. Even if he's not there, my sister is with me. She'll take care of me.
:'''Cyrille:''' I have to find a way to get out... Where on earth did I go wrong?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This little girl named Cyrille seems to be fixated on that spot the whole time...)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Could it be that her idea of "getting out" is connected to these boxes?)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll help you sort out these boxes.
:'''Cyrille:''' For real? That'd be great! But I shouldn't bother others with my own business...
:'''Cyrille:''' Mmm... but I've been here for such a long, long, long time. Maybe if someone helps me, I can get out...
:'''Cyrille:''' If it won't be a bother to you, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}... Could you help me out?
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Solve an Armory Box puzzle{{subst:void|<!--201030202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|update|You find a strange little girl in the Fragmentum.<br />What's she doing in here? You try to communicate with her, but failed to learn anything useful.<br />The girl is being haunted by a mysterious "puzzle"... Perhaps you can help her escape this dangerous place?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Cyrille{{subst:void|<!--201030203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|update|You find a strange little girl, Cyrille, in the Fragmentum.<br />She's troubled by an Armory Box puzzle in front of her &mdash; you helped her solve it.<br />Talk to Cyrille, and see if you can learn more about her past.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mysterious Girl)
:'''Cyrille:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}... you are amazing! I've been here for so long but never could figure out how to solve this...
:'''Cyrille:''' But... why? Why can't I get out still...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't get it... Where are you trying to go?
::'''Cyrille:''' {{MC|f=Ma'am|m=Sir}}, don't you get it? It's hard for me to explain... If only either he or my sister were here...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You just have to follow me...
::'''Cyrille:''' ...No, I can't leave this place. If only either he or my sister were here... they'd be able to explain everything to you...
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This girl is not making any sense at all... Perhaps she's been somehow traumatized?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Don't be too tough on this child. Be patient, and go along with what she's saying for now.)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you tell me "his" name?
::'''Cyrille:''' He... he's a really really important person... to me.
::'''Cyrille:''' People only like my sister... That's no surprise since my sister is smart and pretty. All this time, he's the only one who's willing to play with me... He thinks I'm very special.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Your sister... why isn't she with you?
::'''Cyrille:''' She... she... I don't know where she is.
::'''Cyrille:''' She's always so busy, and there're always so many people around her... people that I don't know. She is so caring and kind... but when she gets busy, she doesn't have time for me.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just want to help you. No need to get scared.
::'''Cyrille:''' Thank you, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. Maybe if I try once more... I'll be able to get out.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm... okay. But how do we try once more?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But there's nothing here anymore...
::'''Cyrille:''' Look! Over there...
::{{Black Screen|You blink, and then...}}
::----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Solve an Armory Box puzzle{{subst:void|<!--201030204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|update|You find a strange little girl, Cyrille, in the Fragmentum.<br />You helped her solve an Armory Box puzzle, but another weird puzzle appeared out of thin air.<br />You feel things are starting to get really weird... But a kind-hearted Trailblazer can't just leave a little girl out here all alone. Help her out again.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Cyrille:''' There's always something trapping me here... They don't want me to get out. Did I do something wrong? He said, "you should apologize if you do something wrong"... But who should I apologize to?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What on earth is going on with all these boxes!?
::'''Cyrille:''' They... keep showing up and keep making me think and think. But I'm not like my sister, and I'm not a good thinker...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Things are starting to get weird...
::'''Cyrille:''' These boxes... keep showing up and keep making me think and think. But I'm not like my sister, and not smart enough... and I don't know what to do.
:'''Cyrille:''' I want them to disappear, and I wanna get out of here... I want to go and see him. He has promised to give me a perfect life...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I'll help you again.
:'''Cyrille:''' Thank you {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. I'll wait here for you.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Cyrille{{subst:void|<!--201030206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|update|You find a strange little girl, Cyrille, in the Fragmentum.<br />You helped her solve another Armory Box puzzle, earning heartfelt praises from her.<br />Talk to her again and ask why she doesn't want to leave the Fragmentum.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mysterious Girl)
:'''Cyrille:''' That's another puzzle solved, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}} &mdash; you're so smart!
:'''Cyrille:''' But... nothing's changed though. I'm still stuck here... and can't get out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just hold on tight to me, and I'll get you out of here.
::'''Cyrille:''' ...Really? Can you really get me out of here?
::'''Cyrille:''' Uh...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Try to grab onto Cyrille's hand)
;(Screen fades to black)
:You reach out and try to grab her pale, slender wrist.
:However, just before you reach her, a huge force repels your hand &mdash; followed by a tingling sensation, then a numbing burn.
:A force is preventing you from taking Cyrille away... Based on this feedback, you understand it is trying to tell you to stop trying, or face more pain.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's going on...
::'''Cyrille:''' Huh? What happened...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How are you this powerful?
::'''Cyrille:''' Huh...? What are you talking about...
:'''Cyrille:''' So, you can't help me either? Even if you've found a way to solve the puzzle...
:'''Cyrille:''' That's okay, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. Don't be sad. It's not your fault. I'll wait for him to come back... He always knows how to fix things.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm going to find help. You wait here.
::'''Cyrille:''' ...Don't bother, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me try again.
::'''Cyrille:''' ...Don't worry, {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. I don't want to hurt a kind person like you again.
:'''Cyrille:''' I'll keep on working hard and try to get out on my own. He said only hardworking kids deserve praise.
:'''Cyrille:''' Bye-bye {{MC|f=ma'am|m=sir}}. Hope you have fun on the shopping street.
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That girl... and those Armory Boxes that kept showing up... What the heck is going on here?)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Maybe it's some kind of reality distortion in the Fragmentum? But that kid was of flesh and blood, and not some kind of hallucination...)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Got to find someone to help. Someone who understands this weird stuff... and I can only think of him.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Sampo in the Underworld{{subst:void|<!--201030207-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Boulder Town|update|You find a strange little girl, Cyrille, in the Fragmentum.<br />You helped her to solve two puzzles, but somehow she still doesn't want to leave the Fragmentum with you.<br />In desperation, you resort to asking a master for help...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sampo)
:'''Sampo:''' Mhm... mhm...
:'''Sampo:''' Wow, I sure hit the jackpot this time around! That guy with the robot arm isn't competing &mdash; yes! That's so much more wiggle room...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you babbling on about there?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What wiggle room?
:'''Sampo:''' ...Argh, don't scare me like that! This ol' heart of mine is really weak, y'know...
:'''Sampo:''' Ahem, don't worry... You know me, it's just business! This time I promise it's got nothing to do with you guys.
:'''Sampo:''' Anyway... To what do I owe the pleasure, this time? You've gone through all the trouble to find me here, so you must have something urgent, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a matter of life and death...
::'''Sampo:''' ...What? Is someone getting seriously injured? Shouldn't you ask Natasha for help instead?
::'''Sampo:''' Something this big happens, and your first thought is to find... me? Now that's what I call an ironclad friendship! Tell me, my dear old friend &mdash; I'll do anything for you as long as it's within my capabilities!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, actually, this matter is a bit strange...
::'''Sampo:''' ...Huh? Is there really something out there that even you've never come across before?
::'''Sampo:''' And your first thought is to find... me? Now that's what I call an ironclad friendship! Tell me, my dear old friend &mdash; I'll do anything for you as long as it's within my capabilities!
:{{Black Screen|You tell Sampo about your chance encounter with Cyrille at Backwater Pass...}}
:'''Sampo:''' Oh... Are you sure it wasn't some kind of hallucination induced by sleep deprivation?
:'''Sampo:''' So uh, this thing... ah, how about &mdash; let's not look into it any further? If you're having problems sleeping, then Natasha will have something for you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've promised to help me. Don't go back on your word.
::'''Sampo:''' This... ah, I'm just saying stuff on impulse...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you worried that it's not profitable?
::'''Sampo:''' Mmm? O&mdash;of course not. Don't paint me as such a greedy mercenary...
:'''Sampo:''' Hey, the most important thing in this line of business is the customer's trust... alright. I'll go with you and take a look.
:'''Sampo:''' Are you sure you weren't hallucinating? I'm telling you, Natasha has all kinds of medicines for you. Anything!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop wasting your breath...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't let me down...
:'''Sampo:''' Um... Okay, I got it! Enough chitchat. Let's go.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go find Cyrille back at Backwater Pass{{subst:void|<!--201030208-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Backwater Pass|update|You find a strange little girl, Cyrille, in the Fragmentum.<br />You helped her to solve two puzzles, but somehow she still doesn't want to leave the Fragmentum with you.<br />Sampo finally agrees to help you resolve things &mdash; Go back to Backwater Pass and prove to him you're not crazy.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CreateProp",
	"GroupID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 49
		}
	},
	"GroupPropID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 300001
		}
	}
}</pre>
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Sampo:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:'''Sampo:''' Mmm...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Keep silent)
::'''Sampo:''' Can you, like, say something?
::'''Sampo:''' Well, then, I will say it out loud for you. You are definitely suffering from hallucinations due to a lack of sleep!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it really be insomnia...?
::'''Sampo:''' I told you so. My diagnoses have always been accurate!
:'''Sampo:''' So... hmm, there's no little girl to begin with. And no Armory Boxes, either. You just made everything up out of thin air, right?
:'''Sampo:''' But... since we're affected by the Fragmentum here, you're not completely to blame. It's just how weird this place is &mdash; and to tell you the truth, I've seen all kinds of strange stuff in the Fragmentum. You'll get used to it soon enough.
:'''Sampo:''' ...Well, if there's nothing else going on, I'll be heading back to Boulder Town. I've still got some unfinished business with Scott. Wait... eh? What's this?
:'''Sampo:''' ...What's this? Someone left some notes behind. They look old.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"fixedValue": {
			"Value": 190313
		}
	},
	"WaitForExit": true
}</pre>
:'''Sampo:''' I don't see anything special... There's no treasure map or secret code words. Nothing of value. You can hold onto this if you want.
:'''Sampo:''' Mmm, then I'll be heading out, my valued patron! Here's hoping your insomnia improves. Make sure you're fully awake next time you come and see me!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Vessel of Mediocrity (I)
|zhs  = 庸人的容器•其一
|zht  = 庸人的容器•其一
|ja   = 凡人の容器・その1
|ko   = 어리석은 자의 용기(容器)•1
|es   = Recipiente de la mediocridad&nbsp;I
|fr   = Réceptacle de médiocrité (I)
|ru   = Сосуд заурядности I
|th   = ภาชนะแห่งสามัญ 1
|vi   = Rương Của Kẻ Tầm Thường-1
|de   = Behältnis des Mittelmaßes (Teil 1)
|id   = Wadah Orang Biasa (Bagian I)
|pt   = Recipiente da Mediocridade (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
