<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Vessel of Mediocrity (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2011103
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Vessel of Mediocrity (II).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Vessel of Mediocrity (I)]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Young Guard]]'' completed
|summary       = You bump into Cyrille again in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone... And she's no longer a little girl. She seems to have regained her memories but refuses to share them with you, claiming it's for your own good. Unfortunately, you haven't received any useful information from Dunn either.
|characters    = Cyrille; Dunn; Mysterious Woman; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = Vessel of Mediocrity (I)
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*30; Adventure Log*3; Shield (Item)*100; Credit*7,000
}}
'''''Vessel of Mediocrity (II)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Trailblaze an adventure
# Solve an Armory Box puzzle
# Talk to Cyrille
# Solve an Armory Box puzzle
# Talk to Cyrille
# Report what you found to Dunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Trailblaze an adventure{{subst:void|<!--201110301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|Those on the Path of Trailblaze will encounter all kinds of strange people and odd anecdotes during the journey. Not only do these trivial stories fill up trailblazers' journals, but they also deepen their connections to all worlds.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mysterious Woman)
:'''Mysterious Woman:''' It reeks of rust and soot here... I don't like it one bit.
:'''Mysterious Woman:''' But Mr. Stefan said that this is my responsibility too. If I just do as he says, I'll earn everyone's respect and be able to live a good life.
:'''Mysterious Woman:''' But where should I start? What is it that I'm looking for? I can't think of anything... nothing... I need his help...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Cyrille?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you... grown up?
:'''Cyrille:''' Hmm? Are you... have we met before?
:'''Cyrille:''' Sorry, I'm... my head is not in a good place. I can't remember much of anything at all, and I'm not able to think a lot...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you been "trapped" by your box again?
::'''Cyrille:''' "Trapped"? Hmm... hah, I'm quite confused right now, and I can't really understand...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you leave Backwater Pass?
::'''Cyrille:''' Leave? Leave where? I can't remember where I'm from, and I can't remember leaving any place...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I remember you... back when you were much younger.
::'''Cyrille:''' But... I don't have any recollection of you whatsoever. I'm sorry &mdash; I'm a little confused at the moment...
:'''Cyrille:''' Mr. Stefan said that I don't have to make hard choices on my own. If it's an important enough occasion... then he'll be there for me. So... I'll just wait.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (She may appear to be an adult... but her mind seems to be just as muddled as before.)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Is the person she's been waiting for this whole time called Stefan? It doesn't look like he's shown up yet. Perhaps I can try to help her again...)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will solving this box puzzle help you?
::'''Cyrille:''' I... don't know.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to try and help you clear your mind.
::'''Cyrille:''' ...Really? Do you know how?
:'''Cyrille:''' Thank you. I... don't usually accept help from strangers, so I don't really know how to show my thanks. But I really am grateful to you.
:'''Cyrille:''' These boxes... I don't know what connection they have with me, but I can't take my eyes off them... and I can't figure out what they mean.
:'''Cyrille:''' Maybe by solving this puzzle... no, I can't get my hopes up. Mr. Stefan said to forget about any unrealistic expectations... Everything must be fought and won by ourselves.
:'''Cyrille:''' I'll wait for you here. I'm not going anywhere.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Solve an Armory Box puzzle{{subst:void|<!--201110302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You bump into Cyrille again in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone... And she's no longer a little girl.<br />Cyrille's still being confounded by box-like puzzles puzzles and needs your help.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Cyrille{{subst:void|<!--201110303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You bump into Cyrille again in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone... And she's no longer a little girl.<br />This is the third time that you've helped her solve puzzles.<br />Talk to her and see if she'd like to share anything with you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mysterious Woman)
:'''Cyrille:''' ...
:'''Cyrille:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What's wrong?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Has anything changed?
:'''Cyrille:''' I... think I remember something.
:'''Cyrille:''' I saw... people, lots and lots of people. They're gathered in a clearing, and they're all looking up at something...
:'''Cyrille:''' It's me. They're looking at... me.
:'''Cyrille:''' Mr. Stefan is there, and he's with me. My sister's not there... I really wish she were.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Stay silent and keep listening.)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} When did this happen? Where did it happen?
::'''Cyrille:''' I... can't remember.
:'''Cyrille:''' Wait... I think I can... hear a voice, a voice coming out of the crowd.
:'''Cyrille:''' They... they're saying bad things. Complaining, grumbling, and... cursing.
:'''Cyrille:''' Those bad words... seem to be aimed at me. They don't like me. They despise me, and they even... hate me. I don't understand...
:'''Cyrille:''' But Mr. Stefan is holding my hand. He's smiling, and he's always smiling at me... He says everything will get better and there's nothing to worry about.
:'''Cyrille:''' I trust him because he's never lied to me before. Those bad words... don't matter. All I care about is his voice.
:'''Cyrille:''' And then... and then...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Stay silent and keep listening.)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then?
:'''Cyrille:''' And then... darkness. All I can remember are these flashbacks... other than that, it's total darkness.
:'''Cyrille:''' But at least I've got something back &mdash; does this prove that... what you just did actually worked?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you feel free now?
::'''Cyrille:''' No. Even though I've got some of my memories back... I still can't go anywhere.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Should I do it a few more times?
::'''Cyrille:''' I...
:'''Cyrille:''' I can feel the power trapping me... coming nearer again. It's coming, one step at a time... to wrap me in darkness once again...
:{{Black Screen|You blink, and then...}}
----
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You bump into Cyrille again in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone... And she's no longer a little girl.<br />It worked &mdash; she finally seems to have regained some of her memory fragments.<br />Keep at it. Solve another puzzle for her, and maybe she'll be able to completely rediscover herself...}}
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (In the blink of an eye, the boxes reappear &mdash; just like how they did at Backwater Pass.)
:'''Cyrille:''' I can't break this cycle. I don't know what to do...
:'''Cyrille:''' I can't feel the past, and I can't see the future. I seem to be drifting alone in a blizzard, surrounded by nothing but darkness.
:'''Cyrille:''' But I still want to get my own memories back, even if it's just a few tiny pieces. At least... I feel a little bit better having recovered those fragments.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll try my best to help you regain yourself.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I doubt if it will work... but I'll still help you.
:'''Cyrille:''' Thank you, stranger.
:'''Cyrille:''' I can place my trust in people now... Would Mr. Stefan be happy if he knew about this?
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Solve an Armory Box puzzle{{subst:void|<!--201110304-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Cyrille{{subst:void|<!--201110305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You bump into Cyrille again in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone... And she's no longer a little girl.<br />You've helped her solve the fourth box puzzle.<br />Talk to her... Perhaps this time, she'll finally be ready to tell you the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Mysterious Woman)
:'''Cyrille:''' ...
:'''Cyrille:''' ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Is your memory back yet?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Any other side-effects this time?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Just wait in silence.)
:'''Cyrille:''' ...
:'''Cyrille:''' I remember... finally... I can remember. My identity, my past, what I'm looking for...
:'''Cyrille:''' ...It's shrunk up into a ball. It's hard to untangle it all, so I have to pull out each memory, one by one. I think I can do it... all on my own.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So who exactly are you?
::'''Cyrille:''' I am...
::'''Cyrille:''' Sorry... I'm sorry. I shouldn't risk my privacy like this! I know you mean no harm, and I do trust you &mdash; but Mr. Stefan said... he said...
::'''Cyrille:''' I'm sorry. I just can't... If you can, please remove the name Cyrille from your memory, too! Just pretend... pretend that we've never even met.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is it that you're looking for?
::'''Cyrille:''' I... it's just this thing...
::'''Cyrille:''' I betrayed Mr. Stefan's trust. He put so much trust into me, but I... I couldn't even do this one simple thing.
::'''Cyrille:''' I'm trying to fix everything and make amends, or else...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you no longer need my help?
::'''Cyrille:''' ...No, no, thank you. Your involvement... should probably end here.
::'''Cyrille:''' I'm sorry. I didn't want to offend... It's thanks to you that I have all these precious memories back, but this is also for your sake...
::'''Cyrille:''' If we exchange too much information... if I say something that I shouldn't... then Mr. Stefan will definitely...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I... don't have anything to say.
::'''Cyrille:''' I'm sorry... I know you put a lot of time into helping me, and you deserve an answer...
::'''Cyrille:''' But I can't just share this with you. I don't want you to get caught up in bad business like this. I don't want to see a good person get hurt...
::'''Cyrille:''' So... let's stop there. I'll remember your kindness, but please try to forget all about this... all about me.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Cyrille wants me to forget everything, and says she doesn't want me to get hurt...)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (I know Sampo said it's possibly all just an illusion created by the Fragmentum... but she sounds all too real to me.)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (In any case, let's report this to the security personnel responsible for the restricted zone...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report what you found to Dunn{{subst:void|<!--201110306-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You bump into Cyrille again in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone... And she's no longer a little girl.<br />She seems to have recovered her memories, but refuses to share them with you. According to her, it's for your own good.<br />In any case, you feel duty-bound to report this to the Silvermane supervisor on duty... Go chat with your old friend Dunn.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Dunn)
:'''Dunn:''' A strange woman? Are you sure it wasn't someone from the logistics team or Scientific Research Division?
:'''Dunn:''' Mmm... Tell me what you found. If necessary, I'll immediately send some Silvermane Guards over to investigate.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Dunn about your encounter with Cyrille...}}
:'''Dunn:''' Mmm... a strange woman spouting nonsense, and Armory Boxes just popping out of thin air...
:'''Dunn:''' It sounds... utterly outrageous, but then again, it doesn't seem that strange coming from you.
:'''Dunn:''' That's a warehouse stacked with old abandoned ammo, and nobody really goes by there at all &mdash; but to tell the truth, I've heard a few weird rumors in my time...
:'''Dunn:''' Anyway I think I got the gist of the situation. I'll send some Silvermane Guards over to investigate things thoroughly &mdash; and give the warehouse a once-over at the same time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you know or have you heard about a guy called Stefan?
:'''Dunn:''' ...Stefan? No, never heard of him. Have you got some business with him? Anything I can help out with?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Never mind. Forget I said anything.
::'''Dunn:''' Hmm? That's a bit weird of you... Eh, I won't pry.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could you help me look into this name?
::'''Dunn:''' No problem. I'll send someone to check the Silvermane Guard roster.
:'''Dunn:''' Anyways, thanks for your contribution to maintaining order here in the restricted zone, outsider. I'll give you a heads-up as soon as I hear anything.
;(Unused &mdash; M301_ChallengePoint01_BattleLV1_Succ)
;(Enter battle)
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*2; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Gunner*2}}
:::Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Lieutenant*1; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Vessel of Mediocrity (II)
|zhs  = 庸人的容器•其二
|zht  = 庸人的容器•其二
|ja   = 凡人の容器・その2
|ko   = 어리석은 자의 용기(容器)•2
|es   = Recipiente de la mediocridad&nbsp;II
|fr   = Réceptacle de médiocrité (II)
|ru   = Сосуд заурядности II
|th   = ภาชนะแห่งสามัญ 2
|vi   = Rương Của Kẻ Tầm Thường-2
|de   = Behältnis des Mittelmaßes (Teil 2)
|id   = Wadah Orang Biasa (Bagian II)
|pt   = Recipiente da Mediocridade (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
