<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Virtual Scentventure#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8016302
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Virtual Scentventure.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Virtual Scentventure
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Virtual Scentventure]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Cloudbot; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = ???
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Virtual Scentventure''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Virtual Scentventure]] event.

==Steps==
# Achieve the designated points in all Normal Mode stages in Virtual Scentventure
# Talk to Cloudbot and report your progress

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Achieve the designated points in all Normal Mode stages in Virtual Scentventure{{subst:void|<!--801630201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|Is there anything that a stick can't solve? It's just a battle, but this "scent plug-in" is quite interesting...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Unused &mdash; OpenPanel)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.Activity.ActivityStrongChallenge.StrongChallengeMainPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerGroupEvent",
			"EventName": {
				"Value": "FinishMissions"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerGroupEvent",
			"EventName": {
				"Value": "FinishToast"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; FinishMissions)


;(Unused &mdash; FinishToast)

{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Cloudbot and report your progress{{subst:void|<!--801630202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Base Zone|update|Very good, it was just an illusion. You completed the test smoothly. Now it's time to chat with the Cloudbot. I wonder if the threshold data recorded in this test is in line with the expectations of the Department of Ecology?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Cloudbot:''' Verifying identity... Authenticating. Authentication successful.
:'''Cloudbot:''' Dear Special Test Candidate: We warmly invite you to participate in our survey and look forward to your suggestions and feedback.
:'''Cloudbot:''' How did you find it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Very easy.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} All done. Is that it?
:'''Cloudbot:''' Your feedback has been recorded and saved. New update detected: "Perceptual Difficulty Enhanced Edition: Department of Ecology's New Hard Mode Heaven-Shattering Aeon-Shuddering Researchers-Shall-Gaze-Upon-This-And-Despair Mode Expansion" has been successfully installed.
:'''Cloudbot:''' Program updated. Would you like to load Despair Mode and test more stages?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's test!
::'''Cloudbot:''' Cryosleep pod connected...
::'''Cloudbot:''' Please open up the cryosleep pod and lie down face up. Maintain a calm mood.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not ready yet.
::'''Cloudbot:''' No problem. The cryosleep pod is Ready. You can restart the cryosleep pod at any time if you would like to continue with the test.
:'''Cloudbot:''' Thank you for using Idea Cloud to complete this test. Goodbye!

;(Talk to Cloudbot)
:'''Cloudbot:''' Verifying identity... Authenticating. Authentication successful.
:'''Cloudbot:''' Cryosleep pod status test complete. Cloud synchronization successful.
:'''Cloudbot:''' Dear Special Test Candidate: Welcome to our Unknown Lifeform Smell-Induced Perceptions and Hallucinations Special Test. Please note, this test data has been provided exclusively by the Department of Ecology and may not be shared externally.
:'''Cloudbot:''' Cryosleep pod connected...
:'''Cloudbot:''' To start the test, please lie down face up in the cryosleep pod next to you and maintain a calm mental state.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Virtual Scentventure
|zhs  = 虚境味探
|zht  = 虛境味探
|ja   = 仮想の味に酔いしれて
|ko   = 가상세계 후각 탐험
|es   = Aventura aromática
|fr   = Aventure sensovirtuelle
|ru   = Пахучее приключение
|th   = ตะลุยกลิ่นพิศวง
|vi   = Mùi Hương Ảo Giác
|de   = Aromabenteuer
|id   = Petualangan Aroma Virtual
|pt   = Aventura Olfativa Virtual
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
