<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Winter Soldiers' March#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4081311
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Winter Soldiers' March.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[The Return]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aide; Dunn; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Central Starskiff Haven]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Central Starskiff Haven
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Winter Soldiers' March''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Head to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone and discuss the military exercise details with Dunn
# Talk to the aide and complete the military training exercise once

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone and discuss the military exercise details with Dunn{{subst:void|<!--408131101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Dunn sent you a message, hoping you will be the main drillmaster for the military exercise in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone.<br />With the commanding officer's approval, you feel you should attend this exercise.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Dunn)
:'''Dunn:''' Ah, so you're keeping this appointment, then. That's great. I knew I could count on you.
:'''Dunn:''' I've mobilized all the young Silvermane Guards in the restricted zone, and they're all beyond pumped to be fighting against a legend like yourself.
:'''Dunn:''' Trust me, you'll find it several times tougher this time if you want to break through the defensive line!
:'''Dunn:''' Speak with my aide when you're ready &mdash; we can start the drill any time. It just takes a moment to set everything up in the restricted zone.
;(Unused &mdash; M301_ChallengePoint01_BattleLV1_Succ)
;(Enter battle)
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*2; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Gunner*2}}
:::Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Lieutenant*1; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the aide and complete the military training exercise once{{subst:void|<!--408131102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Dunn sent you a message, hoping you will be the main drillmaster for the military exercise in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone.<br />Talk to the aide and begin the first round of the military exercise, and complete the challenge meticulously designed by the Guards.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Aide)
;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4081313--> has been completed)
::'''Aide:''' Beep-boop.
::'''Aide:''' Well done, Drillmaster (Trailblazer). I hope I can one day be as strong as you.
::'''Aide:''' I'm off to make a training plan with the major. My next goal is to make it to captain.
::'''Aide:''' Thank you for enlightening me, Drillmaster (Trailblazer). Beep-boop.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can we put together another round of restricted zone drills?
:::'''Aide:''' Sure. However, we have a limited military budget, so no rewards will be given for repeating drills.
:::'''Aide:''' Are you sure you want to do another round of drills, Drillmaster (Trailblazer)?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's begin.
::::'''Aide:''' Beep-boop. Instructions received. Setting up the drill venue...
:::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetLocalPlayerDitherAlpha"
}</pre>
:::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 4013101,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ALL_TALK_END"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Forget it.
::::'''Aide:''' Beep-boop. Goodbye, Drillmaster (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Good luck.
:::'''Aide:''' Beep-boop. Goodbye, Drillmaster (Trailblazer).
;(Otherwise)
::'''Aide:''' Beep &mdash; boop.
::'''Aide:''' Hats off to you, drillmaster.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you Dunn's aide?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hats off to you too, my guy.
::'''Aide:''' Aide, deputy head of division 3 of the Silvermane Guards' logistics and security department, reporting for duty. Beep &mdash; boop.
::'''Aide:''' Silvermane drills are ready to go. Everything is waiting on your command, drillmaster.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetLocalPlayerDitherAlpha"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTreasureChallenge",
	"RaidID": 4013101,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "ALL_TALK_END"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Winter Soldiers' March
|zhs  = 冬兵进行曲
|zht  = 冬兵進行曲
|ja   = 冬兵進行曲
|ko   = 겨울 병사 행진곡
|es   = Marcha de los soldados invernales
|fr   = Marche des soldats de l'hiver
|ru   = Марш зимних солдат
|th   = ลำนำทหารเหมันต์
|vi   = Khúc Quân Hành Băng Giá
|de   = Marsch der Wintersoldaten
|id   = Mars Tentara Musim Dingin
|pt   = Marcha dos Soldados Invernais
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
