<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Winter Soldiers' March (I)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4071311
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Winter Soldiers' March (I).png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Aide; Dunn; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Winter Soldiers' March (I)''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to the aide to understand the objective of the training
# Find a way to unlock the gate at the restricted zone blockade line
# Pass Dunn's trial
# Talk to the aide and complete the restricted zone training

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to the aide to understand the objective of the training{{subst:void|<!--407131101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|Dunn invites you to a joint training in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone.<br />Talk to the aide and get a sense of the objective of this training.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EnableNPCMonsterAI",
	"Enable": true,
	"GroupMonsterIDs": [],
	"UniqueNames": []
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CharacterTriggerAnimState",
	"CharacterUniqueName": {
		"Value": "Robot_1"
	},
	"AnimStateName": "Maze_Idle_01",
	"NormalizedTransitionDuration": 0.25
}</pre>
:'''Aide:''' Beep &mdash; boop.
:'''Aide:''' Thanks for being our sparring partner, Drillmaster (Trailblazer).
:'''Aide:''' The Silvermane Guards have set up position in the restricted zone and are prepared to meet your challenge.
:'''Aide:''' You have to break through the blockade we've set up, and take on Captain Dunn's trial at the end.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CharacterTriggerAnimState",
	"CharacterUniqueName": {
		"Value": "Robot_1"
	},
	"AnimStateName": "Maze_Idle_01",
	"NormalizedTransitionDuration": 0.25
}</pre>
:<!--1-second delay-->
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find a way to unlock the gate at the restricted zone blockade line{{subst:void|<!--407131102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Dunn invites you to a joint training in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone.<br />The first aim is to break through the blockade line in the restricted zone, so go ahead and find a way to open the gate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitPredicateSucc"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitPredicateSucc"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Pass Dunn's trial{{subst:void|<!--407131104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You successfully broke through the blockade line of the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone. Defeat Dunn to conclude the training.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:'''Dunn:''' Oh, if it isn't Drillmaster (Trailblazer)! Let me check the time...
:'''Dunn:''' ...Marvelous. As expected, you've cut straight through our carefully-laid blockade in no time at all.
:'''Dunn:''' But the aide should have already explained to you that, if you want to win this drill, you'll have to get through me.
:'''Dunn:''' How about it, (Trailblazer)? Are you ready to go head-to-head with me?
:{{DIcon}} Let's begin.
::'''Dunn:''' ...Good!
:{{DIcon}} I'll beat you!
::'''Dunn:''' ...You sure talk big!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to the aide and complete the restricted zone training{{subst:void|<!--407131105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|You passed the first restricted zone training.<br />Talk to the aide and collect your reward.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Dunn:''' Hoo... Wonderful... Truly wonderful. Your combat skills are more proficient than before...
:{{DIcon}} I only have two abilities.
::'''Dunn:''' ...Huh? What are you talking about?
:{{DIcon}} After that, I gacha'ed loads more.
::'''Dunn:''' ...Huh? What do you mean?
:'''Dunn:''' Never mind. No need to go over the details. The strong have their own ways for getting stronger. I get it!
:'''Dunn:''' That's enough drills in the restricted zone for now. Go chat with the aide and claim your well-deserved reward.
:'''Dunn:''' Thanks for helping the Guards hone our combat skills &mdash; We hope you can come back and train with us again sometime, Drillmaster (Trailblazer).
;(Upon reaching the destination)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Winter Soldiers' March (I)
|zhs  = 冬兵进行曲•其一
|zht  = 冬兵進行曲•其一
|ja   = 冬兵進行曲・その1
|ko   = 겨울 병사 행진곡•1
|es   = Marcha de los soldados invernales I
|fr   = Marche des soldats de l'hiver (I)
|ru   = Марш зимних солдат I
|th   = ลำนำทหารเหมันต์ 1
|vi   = Khúc Quân Hành Băng Giá-1
|de   = Marsch der Wintersoldaten (Teil 1)
|id   = Mars Tentara Musim Dingin (1)
|pt   = Marcha dos Soldados Invernais (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
