<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wraiths of Mirage: Retracing Operation#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 4072011
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Wraiths of Mirage Retracing Operation.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Guangjin; Guangjin's voice; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Scalegorge Waterscape]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Scalegorge Waterscape
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Wraiths of Mirage: Retracing Operation''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Guangjin
# Head to the beach and look for clues
# Investigate the bait Guangjin left behind
# Continue to look for clues throughout the beach
# Speak with Guangjin

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Guangjin{{subst:void|<!--407201101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Scalegorge Waterscape|The Realm-Keeping Commission received reports that anomalies resembling cloudhymn magic have been spotted in the Alchemy Commission delve, and that invisible monsters were encountered within this phenomenon.<br />Based on the patterns of anomalies, Guangjin has prepared bait on the beach in hopes of uncovering the true source behind the phenomenon.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Guangjin)
:'''Guangjin:''' We've made it to the site where the anomaly hit. All the monsters in this area are under the influence of the Cloudhymn Magic and are invisible.
:'''Guangjin:''' The Realm-Keeping Commission believes that the culprit for this anomaly is hiding here somewhere.
:'''Guangjin:''' The {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Reverberation Generator}} should help locate invisible monsters. Please use it wisely.
:'''Guangjin:''' I'll be investigating the other direction next. Please help me check out the beach, (Trailblazer).
:'''Guangjin:''' Be careful. We'll stay in remote contact, and I'll catch up with you later.
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowEnvBuffDialog",
	"IsAutoGetParam": true,
	"OnCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.FinishPerformanceMission",
			"Key": "Mission_407201101"
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Head to the beach and look for clues{{subst:void|<!--407201102-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Investigate the bait Guangjin left behind{{subst:void|<!--407201104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continue to look for clues throughout the beach{{subst:void|<!--407201105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSpecialVisionProtect"
}</pre>
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvSpecialVisionProtect"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetSpecialVisionOn",
	"IsOn": true,
	"VisionType": "PlayerSearchSneakMonster",
	"VisionEffectType": "SearchMonster",
	"CameraEffectType": "Default",
	"IsInfiniteTime": true
}</pre>
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Is that a... Warp Trotter? Could the food be...)
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Anyway, I should focus on the monsters and catch the Warp Trotter!)
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*1; Abundance Sprite: Malefic Ape*1/-20% HP; Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Ballistarius*1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Speak with Guangjin{{subst:void|<!--407201110-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Guangjin)
:'''Guangjin:''' Looks like I'm too late. The anomaly has disappeared.
:'''Guangjin:''' But at least we've figured out something. Turns out those Warp Trotters are the ones behind the anomaly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Can Trotters use cloudhymn magic?
::'''Guangjin:''' I don't think so. It would be better to say they've somehow learned to imitate cloudhymn magic.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...As for how they caused the anomaly, it's still a mystery.
::'''Guangjin:''' After all, we don't know much about these dimension-leaping creatures.
::'''Guangjin:''' My best guess is that maybe they've somehow imitated cloudhymn magic.
:'''Guangjin:''' Anyway, we've made progress in the investigation. Thanks to your discoveries, the Realm-Keeping Commission will be looking into those Warp Trotters next.
:'''Guangjin:''' Meet me at the Alchemy Commission if you're willing to help us all the way through. But for now, please take this reward as a token of our appreciation for all your assistance. We should be heading back.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wraiths of Mirage: Retracing Operation
|zhs  = 蜃楼遁影•溯源行动
|zht  = 蜃樓遁影•溯源行動
|ja   = 蜃気楼の隠影・遡源行動
|ko   = 사라진 신기루•근원 추적 작전
|es   = Espectros del espejismo: misión de trazabilidad
|fr   = Spectres de mirage&nbsp;: Opération Reconstitution
|ru   = Призраки миража: Первоисточник
|th   = ภูตแห่งมายา: ปฏิบัติการแกะรอย
|vi   = Ảo Ảnh Hiện Hữu - Tìm Tận Gốc Rễ
|de   = Geister des Phantoms: Ursprung
|id   = Roh Fatamorgana: Operasi Pelacakan
|pt   = Espectros da Miragem: Operação de Remontagem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
