<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Youci's Clever Decor#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8017101
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Youci's Clever Decor.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Camping in the Snow
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant]]'' completed
* [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[Trial of Equilibrium: Part Three]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bookshop Customer; Trailblazer; Yinshu; Youci
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Exalting Sanctum]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Exalting Sanctum
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Jade Feather*20; Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Youci's Clever Decor''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Camping in the Snow]] event.

==Steps==
# Check your phone for a message from Mr. Xiyan
# Go to the Exalting Sanctum and meet Mr. Xiyan's new pet
# Listen to Youci's exciting story

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Check your phone for a message from Mr. Xiyan{{subst:void|<!--801710101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|Mr. Xiyan suddenly contacted you and said that he got a miraculous new pet, and that "you will definitely like it!"<br />Go to Spare Time Book Shop and have a look. Maybe that pet will bring you an unexpected surprise.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Exalting Sanctum and meet Mr. Xiyan's new pet{{subst:void|<!--801710102-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvCreateGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001,
		400002,
		400003,
		300002,
		300003
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; npchide)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		400001,
		400002,
		400003,
		300002,
		300003
	]
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; Talk_801710102)


;(Unused &mdash; challengeshow)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 172,
	"ConfigID": 300001
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.ChallengeStory.Entrance.ChallengeStoryMainPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"OnUIEnter": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "showui"
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Listen to Youci's exciting story{{subst:void|<!--801710103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Exalting Sanctum|update|Youci seems very eager to tell you a story. Go listen to it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:'''Youci:''' ...And just like that, (Trailblazer) was victorious. {{MC|f=Her|m=His}} fame spread throughout the cosmos once again.
:'''Youci:''' Our story ends here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why did that feel like a real fight?
:'''Yinshu:''' *Sigh*... That's pretty normal. You can tell just by looking at its cage that it's no ordinary bird. Once you hear it tell a story, you have this inexplicable feeling that... that this story really did happen.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did it really happen?
::'''Yinshu:''' It never happened, right? Youci's stories are all a bit zany and never sound as though they really happened.
::I don't remember that adventure.
::'''Yinshu:''' It's normal that you don't remember, because it just cut that story out of whole cloth, right? Youci's stories are all a bit zany and never sound as though they really happened.
::Now that I think about it &mdash; it happened!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't remember that adventure.
::'''Yinshu:''' It's normal that you don't remember, because it just cut that story out of whole cloth, right? Youci's stories are all a bit zany and never sound as though they really happened.
::Now that I think about it &mdash; it happened!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now that I think about it &mdash; it happened!
:'''Yinshu:''' It happened!? Um... I thought it was all made up! Youci's stories are all a bit zany and never sound as though they really happened.
:'''Youci:''' (Trailblazer), did you like that story?
:'''Yinshu:''' It's talking with you again...
:'''Bookshop Customer:''' Is Yinshu here? I'd like to buy a book~
:'''Yinshu:''' Ah, a customer. Forget it then. You and Youci take your time getting acquainted. I'll get back to work.
:'''Youci:''' (Trailblazer), I've got many more stories I could tell you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me?
:'''Youci:''' If all the cosmos were a planet, you would be its largest moon. And your legend would impel the tides in every ocean there is.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Youci's Clever Decor
|zhs  = 游辞巧饰
|zht  = 遊辭巧飾
|ja   = 巧みな表現
|ko   = 유사의 근거 없는 이야기
|es   = La decoración ingeniosa de Youci
|fr   = Enjolivements ingénieux de Youci
|ru   = Мастерское приукрашивание Юцы
|th   = การตกแต่งอันเฉียบแหลมของ Youci
|vi   = Trang Trí Thông Minh Của Youci
|de   = Youcis cleveres Dekor
|id   = Dekorasi Cerdik Youci
|pt   = Decoração Sábia de Youci
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
