<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Zero-Pay Director#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8021403
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Zero-Pay Director.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Trailblaze Mission]] ''[[A Walk Among the Tombstones]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Theme Park Employee; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Penacony]] - [[Clock Studios Theme Park]]
|world         = Penacony
|area          = Clock Studios Theme Park
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Zero-Pay Director''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Penacony]].

==Steps==
# Look for the Pepeshi contact in the theme park
# Go to the ''Fast & Furynuts'' filming location
# Try the ''Fast & Furynuts'' and ''Way of the Wolf'' Sequel Modes
# Try the ''Fast & Furynuts'' Sequel Mode
# Try ''Way of the Wolf'' Sequel Mode
# Read Clock Studios Customer Service's message

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Look for the Pepeshi contact in the theme park{{subst:void|<!--802140302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|Clock Studios Theme Park has recommended the ''Clockie's Extras'' Filming Experience project. Something feels off, but let's go try it out anyway.<br />Clock Studios has given you a strange passphrase. Go look for the contact who can take you for a game.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to ???)
:'''???:''' ...Hey, want to play a game?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Play what?
::'''???:''' Shhh, the Bloodhounds are close by, we don't want them to hear us.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure!
::'''???:''' Shhh, keep it down. We don't want the Bloodhounds to hear us.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not interested.
::'''???:''' Um... Do you know what I'm talking about? You'll definitely regret not playing the game.
:'''???:''' If you've received a message from us... say the password.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock!
::'''???:''' Impressive! You've watched the Clockie series! But that's not the password!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mandarin Tea! Mandarin Tea!
::'''???:''' So, your favorite tea... No, no. That's not the password!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmhm! Charrrrrrge!
::'''???:''' Right! That's the catchphrase from Brother Hanu and Hamster Ball Knight. Since you know the answer, you'll be allowed to shoot their films.
::'''???:''' I've marked the filming area and got the equipment ready. Come when you're ready.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the ''Fast & Furynuts'' filming location{{subst:void|<!--802140303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|Clock Studios Theme Park has recommended the ''Clockie's Extras'' Filming Experience project. Something feels off, but let's go try it out anyway.<br />Will it be a game, or will it be hard labor? Gotta personally experience it to find out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
:'''???:''' Phew... We're in a safe area now.
:'''Theme Park Employee:''' I'm a staff member of Clock Studios Theme Park, and I'll be your guide through the program while the park is closed.
:'''Theme Park Employee:''' The Family said they were doing a security check... but ended up creating tons of Dreamjolt Troupe monsters and Memory Zone memes! And something even chopped our precious mega-screen in half. It's outrageous!
:'''Theme Park Employee:''' Oops, sorry. I shouldn't complain to guests...
:'''Theme Park Employee:''' Now ''Hamster Ball Knight: Fast & Furynuts'' and ''Brother Hanu: Way of the Wolf'' are available. Please feel free to work... I mean, have fun!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As I thought, you're trying to make me work for free...
:'''Theme Park Employee:''' Well... why not give it a try first? Our designers have turned the movie production process into a game, and you'll get a small gift upon completion!
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Try the ''Fast & Furynuts'' and ''Way of the Wolf'' Sequel Modes{{subst:void|<!--802140304-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|Shooting a cartoon seems pretty fun too. How about trying it out first?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Try the ''Fast & Furynuts'' Sequel Mode{{subst:void|<!--802140306-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Try ''Way of the Wolf'' Sequel Mode{{subst:void|<!--802140307-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Read Clock Studios Customer Service's message{{subst:void|<!--802140305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Clock Studios Theme Park|update|After experiencing both film productions, the Clock Studios customer support staff appears to have some words for you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Zero-Pay Director
|zhs  = 零片酬导演
|zht  = 零片酬導演
|ja   = ノーギャラ監督
|ko   = 열정페이 감독
|es   = Directo{{MC|f=ra|m=r}} sin salario
|fr   = Directeur bénévole
|ru   = Сам себе режиссёр
|th   = ผู้กำกับไร้ค่าจ้าง
|vi   = Đạo Diễn Không Lương
|de   = Regisseur ohne Gage
|id   = Sutradara Bayaran Rendah
|pt   = Diretor Pagamento-Zero
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
