{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You hear a muffled gurgling sound which seems to come from something swimming in the water. Slowly, you turn around and see a familiar face leaning over an experiment bench, adding some nutrients into an incubator. The bizarre but beautiful creature inside makes a spin in the nutrient solution, as if expressing delight.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "You came at a good time." Ruan Mei pauses her work and regards you with amusement. "This batch will soon be completed. It's a shame that you probably can't stay in the world slice for too long."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The little guy in the incubator imitates Ruan Mei's moves and pokes its body out of the water, trying to listen to your voices.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Maybe... they'll bring a small surprise for this Simulated Universe." With her eyes downcast, Ruan Mei playfully interacts with the innocent creation in the water using her fingertips.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It'd better not be an unpleasant one.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'll make it take a slightly... milder form." She rounds the experiment bench in light footsteps.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope Herta won't be angry.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'll try my best." She lifts her right arm gracefully to cover her grin.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Meeting you is also a surprise in itself.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Are you here for the rewards?" Smiling gently, she approaches you slowly.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Change is a norm in the universe. No scholar would expect data to stay static. The mutations in the depth of genes and the anomalies in collision experiments..." Ruan Mei casts a relaxed glance at her creations in the lab with a faint and amused smile. "This kind of surprise isn't frowned upon in science because they often lead to breakthroughs."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Alright, time to retrieve the surprise that belongs to you."
;(If the player has [[Ruan Mei]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Ruan Mei|A surprise beyond imagination.|Obtain one 3-star Equation. Obtain random Blessings needed to activate the Equations currently in possession until all possessed Equations are expanded.}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Add some flair to Screwllum's topic. &mdash; Obtain one 3-star Equation, and then obtain the random Blessings needed for this Equation until this Equation expands.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Increase experimental samples. &mdash; Obtain random Blessings needed to activate the Equations currently in possession until all possessed Equations are expanded.
{{Dialogue End}}