<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ruan Mei (III)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 21701
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Ruan Mei 3.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 099
}}
'''Ruan Mei (III)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = A surprise beyond imagination.
|result_1 = Obtain one 3-star Equation. Obtain random Blessings needed to activate the Equations currently in possession until all possessed Equations are expanded.
|path_1   = Ruan Mei

|choice_2 = Add some flair to Screwllum's topic.
|result_2 = Obtain one 3-star Equation, and then obtain the random Blessings needed for this Equation until this Equation expands.

|choice_3 = Increase experimental samples.
|result_3 = Obtain random Blessings needed to activate the Equations currently in possession until all possessed Equations are expanded.
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You hear a muffled gurgling sound which seems to come from something swimming in the water. Slowly, you turn around and see a familiar face leaning over an experiment bench, adding some nutrients into an incubator. The bizarre but beautiful creature inside makes a spin in the nutrient solution, as if expressing delight.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "You came at a good time." Ruan Mei pauses her work and regards you with amusement. "This batch will soon be completed. It's a shame that you probably can't stay in the world slice for too long."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The little guy in the incubator imitates Ruan Mei's moves and pokes its body out of the water, trying to listen to your voices.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Maybe... they'll bring a small surprise for this Simulated Universe." With her eyes downcast, Ruan Mei playfully interacts with the innocent creation in the water using her fingertips.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It'd better not be an unpleasant one.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'll make it take a slightly... milder form." She rounds the experiment bench in light footsteps.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I hope Herta won't be angry.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "I'll try my best." She lifts her right arm gracefully to cover her grin.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Meeting you is also a surprise in itself.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Are you here for the rewards?" Smiling gently, she approaches you slowly.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Change is a norm in the universe. No scholar would expect data to stay static. The mutations in the depth of genes and the anomalies in collision experiments..." Ruan Mei casts a relaxed glance at her creations in the lab with a faint and amused smile. "This kind of surprise isn't frowned upon in science because they often lead to breakthroughs."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Alright, time to retrieve the surprise that belongs to you."
;(If the player has [[Ruan Mei]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Ruan Mei|A surprise beyond imagination.|Obtain one 3-star Equation. Obtain random Blessings needed to activate the Equations currently in possession until all possessed Equations are expanded.}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Add some flair to Screwllum's topic. &mdash; Obtain one 3-star Equation, and then obtain the random Blessings needed for this Equation until this Equation expands.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Increase experimental samples. &mdash; Obtain random Blessings needed to activate the Equations currently in possession until all possessed Equations are expanded.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ruan Mei (III)
|zhs  = 阮•梅（其三）
|zht  = 阮•梅（其三）
|ja   = ルアン・メェイ（その3）
|ko   = 완•매 (3)
|es   = Ruan Mei III
|fr   = Ruan Mei (III)
|ru   = Жуань Мэй III
|th   = Ruan Mei (3)
|vi   = Ruan Mei (Phần 3)
|de   = Ruan Mei (Teil 3)
|id   = Ruan Mei (3)
|pt   = Ruan Mei (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|null}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}