{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself amidst a finely wrought underground forge. Howling clangs of hammer on steel echo through the spiraling corridor.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A scholar of Aquila raises his blueprint in the air, comparing it to the half-finished device's form, at times pointing and gesturing at the areas that need improving.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "There should be a lens added here, folded inward, to correct the observational error on the Veil of Evernight."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "And then, I can prove that the entirety of Amphoreus is centered around Aquila, revolving in periodic motion!" The scholar mutters to himself over the thunderous clamor of the forge.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Bring him the Grove of Epiphany's negative evidence. &mdash; Randomly obtain 4 destroyed Curio(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "How can this be? What's the point of my research, then?" The disheartened scholar tosses his refuted theories in a daze, raises his hammer, and brings it down heavily on the device.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Provide him with theoretical support. &mdash; Randomly discard 2 Negative Curio(s) and obtain 2 random destructible Curio(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The scholar scoffs at your mention of a "world beyond the sky," then casts your heretical self out of the workshop together with discarded steel scrap.
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Night|Provide him with practical solutions.|Destroy all Curios and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments for each Curio destroyed in this manner}}
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Genius! Why don't I emulate the tyrants of old and create a skyship to see for myself?" You hope he stays far away from you when Aquila unleashes their wrath.
{{Dialogue End}}