<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stargazing Apparatus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 25201
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_31.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 135
}}
'''Stargazing Apparatus''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Bring him the Grove of Epiphany's negative evidence.
|result_1 = Randomly obtain 4 destroyed Curio(s)

|choice_2 = Provide him with theoretical support.
|result_2 = Randomly discard 2 Negative Curio(s) and obtain 2 random destructible Curio(s)

|choice_3 = Provide him with practical solutions.
|result_3 = Destroy all Curios and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments for each Curio destroyed in this manner

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You find yourself amidst a finely wrought underground forge. Howling clangs of hammer on steel echo through the spiraling corridor.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' A scholar of Aquila raises his blueprint in the air, comparing it to the half-finished device's form, at times pointing and gesturing at the areas that need improving.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "There should be a lens added here, folded inward, to correct the observational error on the Veil of Evernight."
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "And then, I can prove that the entirety of Amphoreus is centered around Aquila, revolving in periodic motion!" The scholar mutters to himself over the thunderous clamor of the forge.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Bring him the Grove of Epiphany's negative evidence. &mdash; Randomly obtain 4 destroyed Curio(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "How can this be? What's the point of my research, then?" The disheartened scholar tosses his refuted theories in a daze, raises his hammer, and brings it down heavily on the device.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Provide him with theoretical support. &mdash; Randomly discard 2 Negative Curio(s) and obtain 2 random destructible Curio(s)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' The scholar scoffs at your mention of a "world beyond the sky," then casts your heretical self out of the workshop together with discarded steel scrap.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Provide him with practical solutions. &mdash; Destroy all Curios and obtain 100 Cosmic Fragments for each Curio destroyed in this manner
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "Genius! Why don't I emulate the tyrants of old and create a skyship to see for myself?" You hope he stays far away from you when Aquila unleashes their wrath.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Stargazing Apparatus
|zhs  = 观星机器
|zht  = 觀星機器
|ja   = 天体観測マシン
|ko   = 별 관측 기계
|es   = Dispositivo de observación de estrellas
|fr   = Appareil d'observation des étoiles
|ru   = Устройство наблюдения за звёздами
|th   = เครื่องดูดาว
|vi   = Máy Ngắm Sao
|de   = Sternenbeobachtungsgerät
|id   = Alat Pengamat Bintang
|pt   = Dispositivo de Observação de Estrelas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}