<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tranquil Amidst Turmoil#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 1020901
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Tranquil Amidst Turmoil.png-->
|type          = Trailblaze
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Windswept Wanderlust
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dan Heng; Luocha; Sushang; Trailblazer; Xueyi
|startLocation = [[The Xianzhou Luofu]] - [[Artisanship Commission]]
|world         = The Xianzhou Luofu
|area          = Artisanship Commission
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Tranquil Amidst Turmoil''''' is a [[Trailblaze Mission]] in the chapter [[Windswept Wanderlust]].

==Steps==
# Pass through the empty delve
# Defeat the mara-struck and save the injured girl
# Follow Xueyi and examine the strange happenings here

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
:{{Black Screen|Concurrently, at the other end of the Luofu...}}
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 101.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Hey, Luocha, you didn't finish telling us about the {{Rubi|Propagation|Aeon}}! Keep going &mdash; it's interesting. So Aeons can die, huh? Weird, I thought THEY were invincible...
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 101.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' There is no true invincibility or immortality in the world &mdash; such exaggerations are born of the perspectives of ordinary beings. Nonetheless, ordinary beings could not have orchestrated the fall of the Propagation... That Aeon was slain at the hands of another Aeon.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 102.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' ...I don't understand. They're all Aeons, why do they want to fight?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 102.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' You... Are you really from the Xianzhou!? Other Aeons aside, surely you must know the story of Lan and Yaoshi? Isn't destroying the Aeon Yaoshi the Alliance's cherished aim?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 103.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Of course, I know! Well, I know a little. My mum made me practice with swords all day &mdash; I didn't really go to school...
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 103.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' In that case... let's just change the subject. If you don't know about the feud between The Hunt and the Abundance, I'm afraid there's just too much to explain.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 104.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Fine, how's this for a subject &mdash; what's in the box?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 104.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Oh... this one? It's a casket, more commonly known as a coffin. It's for containing the remains of the deceased.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 105.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' The deceased... A&mdash;Aren't you a merchant?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 105.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Yes indeed, this is just part of my job. I was asked to deliver this coffin to the Xianzhou. Ah, I'd quite forgotten &mdash; for long-life species, death is probably a distant concept?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 106.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Nope. The Cloud Knights spend a lot of time on the battlefield &mdash; death is a common occurrence. It's just, we don't put bodies in boxes &mdash; uh &mdash; coffins... In Xianzhou, people go to the Hall of Karma in the {{Rubi|Ten-Lords Commission|Long-Life Supervisory Authority}} and consecrate the names and jade abacuses of the dead. It's our way of saying goodbye.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 107.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' The foxians and the Vidyadhara have their own ceremonies. foxian soldiers place their dead in Starskiffs and then let them drift out into the stars. They call it "the Verdantia Returning."
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 108.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' As for the Vidyadhara, they're... more mysterious. They say that when a Vidyadhara is very old or has a fatal injury, they turn into an egg that looks like a pearl. When the shell breaks, they come out looking young again...
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 109.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' My mum calls the Vidyadhara "Long's Scions." When I was young, she told me stories of how the Vidyadhara could turn into dragons. I don't know if that's true...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's true.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Only special Vidyadhara can turn into dragons.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just a legend.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 110.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' What do you know? Silent but deadly speaks.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Pass through the empty delve{{subst:void|<!--102090102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Artisanship Commission|update|On the other side, Luocha, Sushang, and you drift along on the starskiff and eventually arrive at an abandoned delve.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 danheng 104.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...mara-struck.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 114.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' It looks like someone's hurt!
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 danheng 105.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Wait! Let's think before we act.
:<!--0.2-second delay-->
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat the mara-struck and save the injured girl{{subst:void|<!--102090103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Artisanship Commission|update|On the other side, Luocha, Sushang, and you drift along on the starskiff and eventually arrive at an abandoned delve.<br />As the three of you look for the exit, you see a girl trapped by the mara-struck and in grave danger.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 xueyi 101.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 115.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Silent but deadly, Luocha, let's charge in together. If we take them out quickly, we can rescue the girl!
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 113.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' What happened to "us letting you handle it"?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 116.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I&mdash;I've only got two hands! Please &mdash; I'll wangle you a prize for your bravery or something when it's all over!
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 danheng 106.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' Enough, let's go!
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Mara-Struck Soldier*3}}
----
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 117.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Miss, are you okay?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 xueyi 102.ogg}} '''???:''' ...What do you think?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 118.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Ah... Sorry, I didn't see any blood, so I thought you were okay... You're a {{Rubi|puppet|cyborg}}.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 xueyi 103.ogg}} '''???:''' My motor is broken &mdash; I can't move.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 xueyi 104.ogg}} '''???:''' Are you a Cloud Knight? ...Good. Take me to the Realm-Keeping Commission.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 119.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I, ah...
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 120.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Luocha, silent but deadly, I'm afraid we have to delay things again... This lady is one of the judges of the {{Rubi|Ten-Lords Commission|Long-Life Supervisory Authority}}. As a Cloud Knight, I must prioritize her orders.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 121.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' I'm sorry... If I'd known I wouldn't have got you to come with me. You'd probably be there by now if you'd gone by yourself...
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 114.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' I happen to have some medical knowledge &mdash; perhaps I can treat the young lady's injuries.
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 sushang 122.ogg}} '''Sushang:''' Well, it's just... she's a {{Rubi|puppet|cyborg}}. I think we should just take her to the Realm-Keeping Commission?
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 luocha 115.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Don't worry, Miss Sushang &mdash; leave it to me.
----
:{{tx}}
:{{tx}}
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Follow Xueyi and examine the strange happenings here{{subst:void|<!--102090105-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=trailblaze|location=Artisanship Commission|update|After saving the girl who calls herself a Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission, you learn that strange happenings are currently occurring on Xianzhou.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:{{A|VO chapter2 4 xueyi 112.ogg}} '''Xueyi:''' I've never seen anything like it.
----
:<!--2-second delay-->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tranquil Amidst Turmoil
|zhs  = 诸天无安，迷途难返
|zht  = 諸天無安，迷途難返
|ja   = 諸天に平安なし、迷途重ね返る術なし
|ko   = 혼란 속 천하, 그릇된 길
|es   = Tranquilidad en medio de la confusión
|fr   = Le calme au cœur de la tempête
|ru   = Тихая гавань посреди хаоса
|th   = ไร้ทางถดถอย ในยามโกลาหล
|vi   = Lạc Lối Khó Trở Lại
|de   = In turbulenten Zeiten gibt es keinen Weg zurück
|id   = Tidak Ada Jalan Untuk Kembali
|pt   = Serenidade Em Meio à Instabilidade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
