<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Path of the Sage (II)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 26701-1
|title         = 
|image         = <!--TBA: SpriteOutput/Rogue/RandomEvent/PicRogueEvent_36.png-->
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = Unknown
|domains_und   = 
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 155
}}
'''Path of the Sage (II)''' is an [[Divergent Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in the [[Divergent Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = You also know something about fighting on top of your studies.
|result_1 = Enter a difficult battle. After achieving victory, it is considered as having passed the interview, and you obtain 1 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 3 Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity

|choice_2 = Give a gift. You gotta work on building relationships.

|choice_2_1 = The starting allowance is attached to the envelope.
|result_2_1 = Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 200 Cosmic Fragments

|choice_3 = Remain silent and wait for the interviewer to speak.
|result_3 = There's a 50% chance to pass the interview. Obtains a reward after passing the interview
}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' They say only the rarest of scholars reach the interview stage, yet as you step into the waiting hall &mdash; crammed tighter than Marmoreal Market during a festival sale, you can't help but marvel at the sheer number of bright minds in Amphoreus.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' So far, not a single person has passed. Those emerging from the soundproofed interview rooms are either weeping uncontrollably like lost children or ripping their papers to shreds in pure rage. No doubt about it &mdash; the judges are experts in breaking wills.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' "Applicant 108, please enter." The voice shatters your train of thought. You wipe the sweat from your brow, steady your breath, and carefully push open the heavy wooden door to the interview room.
:{{DIcon|Star}} You also know something about fighting on top of your studies. &mdash; Enter a difficult battle. After achieving victory, it is considered as having passed the interview, and you obtain 1 random Curio(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 3 Blessing(s) of 1- to 3-star rarity
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Determined to leave a lasting first impression, you toss your demonstration model straight at the interviewer's shiny bald head.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Give a gift. You gotta work on building relationships. &mdash; Lose 2 random Blessing(s) to pass the interview. Obtains a Rreward after passing the interview
::'''Simulated Universe:''' "This is what you call a challenge for the Grove's reviewers? Ha! Any half-decent reviewer could handle this!" With a dismissive scoff, the reviewer throws you out the door, but keeps the gift you brought.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Three days later, a letter arrives from the Grove of Epiphany: "Congratulations! You have successfully passed the interview. You are now an Intern Scholar of the Grove of Epiphany. Please bring your invitation and report to the Grove."
::'''Simulated Universe:''' It seems that, no matter the world, understanding the art of human interaction is crucial.
::{{DIcon|Star}} The starting allowance is attached to the envelope. &mdash; Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 200 Cosmic Fragments
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Remain silent and wait for the interviewer to speak. &mdash; There's a 50% chance to pass the interview. Obtains a reward after passing the interview

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_626715)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' The interviewer fires a relentless barrage of questions, each one hitting like a precision strike. You barely manage to utter the first syllable of your answer before his brow furrows so deeply it could crush a fly.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your confidence crumbles with each passing second. Under the interviewer's withering sarcasm and razor-sharp critiques, you can feel yourself shrinking, desperately wishing for an escape.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' As expected, you don't even receive a rejection letter. It's as if the reviewer even forgot that you never existed.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)

;(Unused &mdash; triggerEvent_626714)
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Every question lands squarely in your wheelhouse. With unshakable confidence, you answer fluently, words flowing like a torrential river. At the height of your enthusiasm, you even leap to your feet, passionately scrawling equations across the blackboard.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Your sheer intellect and mastery leave the interviewer speechless. With rare, unfiltered admiration, he declares you the most outstanding candidate he's seen in years.
::'''Simulated Universe:''' Right there on the spot, you're granted the title of Intern Scholar. And beyond that, he assures you that your rise to full scholar status is only a matter of time in the Grove.
::{{DIcon|Star}} Accept the invitation and claim the starting allowance. &mdash; Obtain 2 Blessing(s) of 1- to 2-star rarity and 200 Cosmic Fragments
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Path of the Sage (II)
|zhs  = 贤人之路（其二）
|zht  = 賢人之路（其二）
|ja   = {{Rubi|賢者|けんじゃ}}の{{Rubi|道|みち}}（その2）
|ko   = 현인의 길 (2)
|es   = El camino del sabio II
|fr   = La voie de la sagesse II
|ru   = Путь мудреца II
|th   = เส้นทางนักปราชญ์ 2
|vi   = Con Đường Hiền Giả 2
|de   = Weg des Weisen (Teil 2)
|id   = Jalan Orang Bijak 2
|pt   = Caminho do Sábio (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}