{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You see an adorable robot waving at you. When you get near it, it speaks: "This is an IPC point of sale! You can find everything you desire here!" On the menu, you see medical, enhancement, and purchasing services offered at affordable prices...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase 1 Blessing of 1- to 2-star rarity &mdash; Consume 50 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Purchase 1 Blessing of 1- to 3-star rarity &mdash; Consume 100 Cosmic Fragment(s).
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=100}})
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave &mdash; You don't want to buy anything.
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Remembrance|Remembrance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Remembrance|You recall the long-forgotten "bargaining technique."|Spend 50 Cosmic Fragments to purchase 1 Blessing of 2- to 3-star rarity.}}
:;(Lose {{Item|Cosmic Fragment|20|x=50}})
:;(Obtain a 1-3 star Blessing)
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|The "protective net" that surrounds the sales terminal.|Obtain a Blessing for every success. Failure triggers an electric shock and all characters lose HP equal to 99% of their current HP. Currently, there is a NaN% chance of failure.}}
:;(Outcome 1, 50%/75%/100% chance)
::;(All allies lose 99% of their current HP)
:::'''Simulated Universe:''' Warning! Your actions have triggered electric shock from the sales terminal!
::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
:;(Outcome 2, 50%/25%/0% chance)
::;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:::{{DIcon|Star}} Leave &mdash; You don't want to buy anything.
:::;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
::;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster/Paths#Nihility|Nihility]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:::{{SU Special Dialogue|Nihility|The "protective net" that surrounds the sales terminal.|Obtain a Blessing for every success. Failure triggers an electric shock and all characters lose HP equal to 99% of their current HP. Currently, there is a NaN% chance of failure.}}
:::;(Outcome 1, 50%/75%/100% chance)
::::;(All allies lose 99% of their current HP)
:::::'''Simulated Universe:''' Warning! Your actions have triggered electric shock from the sales terminal!
:::
{{Dialogue End}}