<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Searching for You: Idle Sips#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2001401
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Searching for You Idle Sips.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Searching for You
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Searching for You: Echoes of Yore]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Little Robot; Trailblazer; Yueyuan
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = Searching for You: Echoes of Yore
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Lost Crystal*5; Drift Bottle Letter (VI)*1 { text = Drift Bottle Letter (VI) }; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Searching for You: Idle Sips''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]] in the chapter [[Searching for You]].

==Steps==
# Speak with the little robot and plan your route from here
# Find Boss Du in Aurum Alley
# Taste Boss Du's new tea
# Respond to Yueyuan's message
# Go to the Alchemy Commission and speak with Yueyuan

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Speak with the little robot and plan your route from here{{subst:void|<!--200140101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|According to the little robot's navigation route, the next stop is Aurum Alley on the Luofu.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Little Robot)
:'''Little Robot:''' According to the data provided by Miss Himeko, the Astral Express has stopped in the Luofu's Aurum Alley previously, and served to revitalize the local industries.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. I chased out the IPC dogs myself.
::'''Little Robot:''' Strictly speaking, I am a product developed by the IPC. Though I do not resemble a dog on the exterior, I would ask you not to chase me away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then what are we waiting for? Let's get going!
::'''Little Robot:''' One moment. My database is showing that there is a second destination.
:'''Little Robot:''' We must visit the Alchemy Commission as well as Aurum Alley. The Nameless had assisted Yueyuan of the Vidyadhara in the past, though I am currently unable to contact her.
:'''Little Robot:''' So, our next journey will be &mdash; To Du's Teahouse in Aurum Alley to meet with Boss Du.
:'''Little Robot:''' As for the Alchemy Commission, I have left a word with Yueyuan. Please wait for her to reply.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Boss Du in Aurum Alley{{subst:void|<!--200140102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|Boss Du is truly a tea-brewing master. You simply cannot imagine how he creates brews with such miraculous effects...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{Mission|Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300001
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Taste Boss Du's new tea{{subst:void|<!--200140103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|It would be rude to refuse Boss Du's generosity. You have no choice but to taste his newest brew... I wonder if there will be any side effects this time? If there are... Does your little robot not have a quick cure function? You may be in dire need of that...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{Mission|Merchant Event: Du's Teahouse|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300003
	]
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; DES200140103)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.AdvDestroyGroupEntity",
	"InstanceIDList": [
		300002,
		400001
	]
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Respond to Yueyuan's message{{subst:void|<!--200140104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Aurum Alley|update|You received a message from Yueyuan about the recent goings-on with the ancient sea and the Drift Bottles. As expected of the Luofu, everything is in order and the good deeds of the Nameless have been duly rewarded.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the Alchemy Commission and speak with Yueyuan{{subst:void|<!--200140105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Yueyuan)
:'''Yueyuan:''' Here's what is written in the letter if you'd like to read it. I don't know if the writer's imagination has run away with them, or if they just have too much time on their hands.
:It looks like the previous story of being lost at sea has come to an end. It seems the author has taken a new artistic direction.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190764
		}
	}
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I imagine that's the end of the Drift Bottles.
::'''Yueyuan:''' I hope so. I've had enough of these twists and turns.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's moved on to science-fiction.
::'''Yueyuan:''' A stellar winds balloon... Just how many ludicrous ideas can one person have in their head?
::'''Yueyuan:''' It wasn't enough for him to pollute the oceans, now he's throwing his trash into the Cosmos?
:'''Yueyuan:''' Whatever the case, it looks like this whole thing has finally come to an end. Thank you for your hard work back then.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You won't need me to go on patrols anymore?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huh? That's it? Just "Thank you for your hard work"?
:'''Yueyuan:''' I don't need to trouble you with all this anymore. I have bought a batch of cycranes that will do daily patrols and other missions like this.
:'''Yueyuan:''' Naturally, in recognition of your outstanding contributions to the environmental protection of the Lunarescent Depths, I have applied for you to receive a special reward from the Realm-Keeping Commission. The application should be approved soon.
:'''Little Robot:''' All to-do items have been completed. You can prepare for your return when you are ready.
:'''Little Robot:''' Beep beep beep &mdash; it is time to return and charge my batteries.
:'''Yueyuan:''' Oh? You're leaving? Alright, if you wish to come and visit me at the seaside, you are welcome any time.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Searching for You: Idle Sips
|zhs  = 寻人记•得闲饮茶
|zht  = 尋人記•得閒飲茶
|ja   = 人探し・つかの間の休息
|ko   = 은하열차는 사랑을 싣고•차 한잔의 여유
|es   = Caras conocidas: una pausa para el té
|fr   = À ta recherche : Pause thé
|ru   = В поисках себя: Неспешное чаепитие
|th   = บันทึกตามหาคน: จิบชาสราญใจ
|vi   = Nhật Ký Tìm Người - Rảnh Rỗi Uống Trà
|de   = Suche nach Dir: Zeit zum Teetrinken
|id   = Mencari Orang: Minum Teh Santai
|pt   = Procurando por Você: Chá do Ócio
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
