<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Searching for You: Finale#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 2001501
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Searching for You Finale.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = Searching for You
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Searching for You: Idle Sips]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Himeko; Little Robot; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Searching for You: Idle Sips
|next          = 
|rewards       = Trailblaze EXP*100; Stellar Jade*10; Lost Crystal*5; Credit*20,000
}}
'''''Searching for You: Finale''''' is an [[Adventure Mission]] on [[Astral Express]] in the chapter [[Searching for You]].

==Steps==
# Return to the Astral Express and report what you have learned to her

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Return to the Astral Express and report what you have learned to her{{subst:void|<!--200150101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|Who would have thought that such seemingly inconsequential actions could have brought such change to the lives of others? This journey has brought you new enlightenment. Perhaps it's time to have a chat with Himeko.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Himeko)
:'''Himeko:''' You're back? That face of yours tells me that it was a worthwhile trip.
:'''Little Robot:''' It was. During this trip, I recorded 127 human behaviors, 2,891 items of conversational data, and 46 instances of emotional fluctuation. This data has allowed me to gain a greater understanding of (Trailblazer) and the Astral Express.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She wasn't asking you.
::'''Little Robot:''' I am your assistant. It is my duty to help you complete your daily affairs.
::This thing is pretty smart. It learns quick!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This thing is pretty smart. It learns quick!
:'''Little Robot:''' Stop, you are embarrassing me. I feel like my processing chip is overheating.
:'''Himeko:''' Well? What did you learn on this little adventure?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No good deed is too trivial.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have learned what it means to "Trailblaze."
:'''Himeko:''' When I first started as a Nameless, I always wanted to do great things, too. I wanted to save the world and change lives... You know what it's like as a youngster full of energy.
:'''Himeko:''' But, over time, I discovered that the Cosmos really is just too big. Even the most earth-shattering events are no more than a drop in the ocean when it comes to the vast starry seas.
:'''Himeko:''' But we are always growing. Every action that a Nameless takes is capable of creating huge waves in the lives of normal people.
:'''Himeko:''' When we shine a little light along the way and help people as we travel, do you think it is they who receive more courage and hope? No. I think the ones that truly benefit... Are actually the Nameless.
:'''Little Robot:''' Saving... I hope that you will not charge me royalties for quoting you, Miss Himeko.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think you're right.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But who will remember the small things that we do?
:'''Himeko:''' You are already doing an amazing job as a Nameless. Never underestimate your strength. Here, let me show you something.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Searching for You: Finale
|zhs  = 寻人记•终
|zht  = 尋人記•終
|ja   = 人探し・終
|ko   = 은하열차는 사랑을 싣고•종막
|es   = Caras conocidas: final
|fr   = À ta recherche : Final
|ru   = В поисках себя: Финал
|th   = บันทึกตามหาคน: จบ
|vi   = Nhật Ký Tìm Người - Kết Thúc
|de   = Suche nach Dir: Finale
|id   = Mencari Orang: Akhir
|pt   = Procurando por Você: Final
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
