{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|title         = Make A Wish
|image         = Random Event Trade.png
|type          =
|domains_su    = Occurrence
|domains_ext   = Occurrence
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|requirements  =
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|indexRewards  =
|characters    = 
}}
'''Make A Wish''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Events|Event]] in the [[Simulated Universe]].

==Possible Outcomes==
{| class="article-table"
!Choice
!Result

|}

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You enter a circular room where a tree with white branches is tied up in ropes. Its beauty and sacredness, which make it look like a dancing statue, blow you away.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' Several soldiers are leaning against the tree, and you are not sure whether they are sleeping. They are pious knights with faces as pale as a sheet.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You can't help moving closer to the tree. You hear the slow, crackling sound of the tree waving to and fro. There is a wooden board next to its roots that reads, "Water it... and it will... bloom."
;(If embarking on the Path of [[Simulated Universe/Paths#Abundance|Abundance]] in [[Simulated Universe: Swarm Disaster]])
:{{SU Special Dialogue|Abundance|Let the sleeping soldiers "wake up again."|Their blood will revive the giant tree... Enter battle. After achieving victory, obtain a 3-star Blessing.}}
:;(Enter battle)
:::'''Variant 1:''' {{Enemy List|Cloud Knights Patroller*3/}}
:::'''Variant 2:''' {{Enemy List|Silvermane Gunner*2/;Silvermane Soldier*2/}}
:{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange for a 2-star Blessing &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 20% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 20% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a 2-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Exchange for a 3-star Blessing &mdash; All characters lose HP equal to 80% of their current HP.
:;(All allies lose 80% of their current HP)
:;(Obtain a 3-star Blessing)
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave &mdash; You don't want to water it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs   = 许个愿吧
|zht   = 許個願吧
|ja    = 願い事しようよ
|ko    = 소원을 빌어봐
|es    = Pide un deseo
|fr    = Faites un vœu
|ru    = Загадай желание
|th    = อธิษฐานขอพรสิ
|vi    = Ước Một Điều Ước Nhé
|de    = Wünsch dir was
|id    = Buat Permohonan
|pt    = Faça um Desejo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
