<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bathroom#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8027118
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Home Décor Guide Bathroom.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|chapter       = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = March 7th; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bathroom''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmic Home Décor Guide]] event.

==Steps==
# Complete building the bathroom

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete building the bathroom{{subst:void|<!--802711802-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|A Bathroom Q&A<br /><br />Q: Where do the Express Crew usually take their baths?<br />A: In their own rooms.<br /><br />Q: But some don't have a bathroom in their room.<br />A: Hidden designs, my friend.<br /><br />Q: Isn't Dan Heng's room the Archives? There's a hidden bathroom in there?<br />A: The Azure Dragon ablutes all, my friend.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUIAndFinishMission)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
----
:'''March 7th:''' With the spacious room, comfortable lighting, and this bathtub that's big enough for Pom-Pom to use as a swimming pool...
:'''March 7th:''' I'd give your bathroom a score of 90!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you, Miss March 7th, for the review!
::'''March 7th:''' To celebrate the completion of the bathroom, I'm giving you this Parmenides Bath Soak!
::Where did the remaining ten points get deducted?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where did the remaining ten points get deducted?
:'''March 7th:''' Hmph, from the perspective of a bath enthusiast, it's still missing the most important thing.
:'''March 7th:''' And that is &mdash; Bath Soak! I'll give you this Parmenides Bath Soak.
:'''March 7th:''' This is a major product jointly developed by the Intelligentsia Guild and the IPC's Technology Department! It is said that a renowned genius professor was involved in its development! Supposedly, using this bath soak will make you smarter after a bath!
:'''March 7th:''' It extracts the essence from the first batch of tender shoots from the Vonwacq mangroves. During your bath, the fragrance blends with the steamy mist, making you feel as if you're in a tropical rainforest, listening to the melodious songs of the birds...
:'''March 7th:''' At least that's what the advertisement says. And if you buy two, you'll get a 40% discount!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've been deceived by the IPC!
::'''March 7th:''' Eh? So it's just an advertising pitch!
::So, this must be the extra one, right?
::'''March 7th:''' Hehe, who can resist a 40% discount? Rounded up, it's like getting the second one for free!
::Will that professor really be involved in the development?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, this must be the extra one, right?
::'''March 7th:''' Hehe, who can resist a 40% discount? Rounded up, it's like getting the second one for free!
::Will that professor really be involved in the development?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will that professor really be involved in the development?
:'''March 7th:''' Who knows? Anyway, that's what the advertisement says!
:'''March 7th:''' Besides this, I also bought many popular items from the Interstellar Travel series for the bathroom!
:'''March 7th:''' A shower head that can reflect rainbows 100% of the time, a waterproof speaker with a built-in humidity display, and bath salts extracted from Jalleba lava rock that make the bathwater bubble like magma...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It looks like this bath soak didn't make you any smarter.
::'''March 7th:''' Hey~ Tease me again, I dare you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Remember to call me next time you go shopping.
::'''March 7th:''' No problem! The discounts and deals at the Interastral Peace Mall are crazy. We'll need to team up and fight our way through!
:{{tx}}

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bathroom
|zhs  = 宇宙家装指南：浴室篇
|zht  = 宇宙家裝指南：浴室篇
|ja   = コズミック・ハウジングガイド：バスルーム
|ko   = 우주 인테리어 가이드: 욕실편
|es   = Guía de decoración galáctica: cuarto de baño
|fr   = Guide de décoration cosmique&nbsp;: Salle de bain
|ru   = Идеи декора для космического дома: Ванная
|th   = คู่มือแต่งบ้านแห่งจักรวาล: ห้องอาบน้ำ
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Trang Trí Nhà Vũ Trụ: Phòng Tắm
|de   = Leitfaden für galaktisches Heimdekor: Bad
|id   = Panduan Dekorasi Rumah Alam Semesta: Kamar Mandi
|pt   = Guia de Decoração Cósmica: Banheiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
