<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Living Room#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8027114
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Home Décor Guide Living Room.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|chapter       = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Himeko; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Living Room''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmic Home Décor Guide]] event.

==Steps==
# Complete building the living room

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete building the living room{{subst:void|<!--802711402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|Compared to the quiet lounge downstairs, this feels more like a Party Car.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUIAndFinishMission)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
----
:'''Himeko:''' Your living room is so spacious &mdash; perfect for hosting a tea party.
:'''Himeko:''' Snacks, drinks, fruit &mdash; you've thought of everything. But as the Navigator, I can't just enjoy the crew's hospitality...
:'''Himeko:''' I actually just bought some new coffee beans recently, and I've already ground them. (Trailblazer), let's give it a try together!
:"Oh, no." A voice in your head says, "Miss Himeko's coffee might not be to your taste..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll just stick with juice!
::'''Himeko:''' You've already had 4 or 5 glasses of juice. It may seem healthy, but it's actually high in sugar. Black coffee has no sugar and can improve your digestive system, making it good for your health. Have a cup!
::I don't want to drink coffee...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to drink coffee...
:It seems like your "courage" isn't quite enough to let you say that.
:'''Himeko:''' Black coffee has no sugar and can benefit your digestive system. It's good for your health. How about having a cup?
:In the silence, Himeko has already brewed a cup of "black coffee" and handed it to you. You gaze at the dark coffee with floating grounds, and it seems to gaze back at you.
:'''Himeko:''' One of the great pleasures of brewing coffee is that each variation &mdash; whether it's the type of coffee beans, the grind size, the water temperature, or the brewing method &mdash; can bring a completely new flavor. It's much like our journey, isn't it?
:'''Himeko:''' Every "choice" we make leads us to an unpredictable "outcome."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is coffee really such a random product?
::'''Himeko:''' Some people might achieve the same result every time they brew coffee, but that's not how I like to do it. Every journey should bring some new discoveries, don't you think?
::Better a quick pain than a long one. Cheers!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Better a quick pain than a long one. Cheers!
:'''Himeko:''' Take your time drinking it &mdash; be careful not to choke.
:You close your eyes and take a deep sip. The taste of this coffee...
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Himeko)
:'''Himeko:''' Each time you brew coffee, it brings a whole new flavor... It's very much like our journey, don't you think?

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Living Room
|zhs  = 宇宙家装指南：客厅篇
|zht  = 宇宙家裝指南：客廳篇
|ja   = コズミック・ハウジングガイド：リビング
|ko   = 우주 인테리어 가이드: 거실편
|es   = Guía de decoración galáctica: sala de estar
|fr   = Guide de décoration cosmique&nbsp;: Salon
|ru   = Идеи декора для космического дома: Гостиная
|th   = คู่มือแต่งบ้านแห่งจักรวาล: ห้องนั่งเล่น
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Trang Trí Nhà Vũ Trụ: Phòng Khách
|de   = Leitfaden für galaktisches Heimdekor: Wohnzimmer
|id   = Panduan Dekorasi Rumah Alam Semesta: Ruang Tamu
|pt   = Guia de Decoração Cósmica: Sala
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
