<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Gaming Room#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8027116
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Home Décor Guide Gaming Room.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|chapter       = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Trailblazer; Welt
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Gaming Room''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmic Home Décor Guide]] event.

==Steps==
# Complete building the gaming room

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete building the gaming room{{subst:void|<!--802711602-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|Few things feel better than staying up all night to play video games!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUIAndFinishMission)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
----
:'''Welt:''' The display can now turn on, and the program is running smoothly. The issue is resolved.
:'''Welt:''' You just plugged the cables into the wrong ports, missed a couple of clips, and installed the cellular calculation chip in reverse. These are minor issues. For a beginner, you've done quite well.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just as expected from Mr. Yang!
::'''Welt:''' As long as you understand the underlying principles, assembling the case isn't difficult.
::I never fail to impress!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I never fail to impress!
:'''Welt:''' Ha ha, with a bit more practice, next time you could handle the Express repairs yourself.
:'''Welt:''' I'm still a bit surprised. The cellular calculation chip has a foolproof design, so it theoretically shouldn't fit if inserted incorrectly. The manufacturer probably didn't anticipate this. You really have a remarkable amount of strength...
:'''Welt:''' Even though there are many advanced display technologies now &mdash; holograms, illusions, brain-computer interfaces &mdash; I still prefer a good old-fashioned screen. Haha, maybe I'm just not trendy enough.
:'''Welt:''' When I was younger, I used to compare the specifications and prices of various hardware, assemble computers myself, and even work on some... much larger machines.
:'''Welt:''' Realistic holographic display screens, neuro-synthetic electronic brain processors... Hmm, that's quite luxurious. What do you plan to use them for?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} To watch shows.
::'''Welt:''' I have a collection of great animations in my room. If you want to watch them, feel free to borrow them anytime.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} To play games.
::'''Welt:''' If you ever need teammates for multiplayer games, feel free to contact me. I'm still going strong!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} To become the ultimate hacker!
::'''Welt:''' I'm not very familiar with this kind of technology, but I can recommend some beginner's materials to you. Looking forward to the day you master it.
:{{tx}}

;(Talk to Welt Yang)
:'''Welt:''' Realistic holographic display screens, neuro-synthetic electronic brain processors... It's truly luxurious. Even I want to get a set for myself.

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Gaming Room
|zhs  = 宇宙家装指南：电竞室篇
|zht  = 宇宙家裝指南：電競室篇
|ja   = コズミック・ハウジングガイド：ゲームエリア
|ko   = 우주 인테리어 가이드: 게임방편
|es   = Guía de decoración galáctica: sala de juegos
|fr   = Guide de décoration cosmique&nbsp;: Salle de jeux
|ru   = Идеи декора для космического дома: Игровая
|th   = คู่มือแต่งบ้านแห่งจักรวาล: ห้องเล่นเกม
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Trang Trí Nhà Vũ Trụ: Phòng Chơi Game
|de   = Leitfaden für galaktisches Heimdekor: Gaming-Raum
|id   = Panduan Dekorasi Rumah Alam Semesta: Ruang Gaming
|pt   = Guia de Decoração Cósmica: Sala de Jogos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
