<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8027113
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Home Décor Guide Bedroom.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|chapter       = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Introduction]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = "Shush"; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Introduction
|next          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Building Practice
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmic Home Décor Guide]] event.

==Steps==
# Take on duties to earn funds and complete building the bedroom

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Take on duties to earn funds and complete building the bedroom{{subst:void|<!--802711302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|A comfortable sleeping environment guarantees high-quality sleep.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUIAndFinishMission)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
----
:'''"Shush":''' Good evening, dear Nameless. Congratulations on finishing the bedroom construction! I'm genuinely thrilled to see this space come to life.
:'''"Shush":''' For the Nameless, the bedroom is like an energy core for the Intellitron. A stable shutdown and rest ensure smoother operation after rebooting.
:'''"Shush":''' And a bedtime story is just as crucial as holding down the power button before shutting down.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Listen to a bedtime story.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Alright, let's hear it. But please, no more of those bad jokes.
::'''"Shush":''' Dear Nameless, you're quite the joker. When have I ever told bad jokes?
::I'm not in the mood for a bedtime story.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not in the mood for a bedtime story.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' I'd rather hold down the power button for you than listen to one of your bad jokes.
:'''"Shush":''' I promise this one won't be bad! Please give me another chance!
:'''"Shush":''' An Intellitron always goes to work with different moods. Over time, his coworker noticed a pattern: If he's grumpy, he must have charged with heat-based energy the night before. If he's calm, he must have charged with hydropower.
:'''"Shush":''' One day, he was unusually serene at work. Now, the question: What kind of energy did he charge with?
:'''"Shush":''' Answer: He charged with nuclear power &mdash; because he's full of peace today! Geddit? Contrasting nuclear with peace, this tickles my funny bone.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me tell you one, too.
:'''"Shush":''' Oh? Dear Nameless, I always knew you were a master of humor! I'll make sure to save your jokes in the database and pass them on to future generations of the Nameless.
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom
|zhs  = 宇宙家装指南：卧室篇
|zht  = 宇宙家裝指南：臥室篇
|ja   = コズミック・ハウジングガイド：リラックスエリア
|ko   = 우주 인테리어 가이드: 침실편
|es   = Guía de decoración galáctica: dormitorio
|fr   = Guide de décoration cosmique&nbsp;: Chambre
|ru   = Идеи декора для космического дома: Спальня
|th   = คู่มือแต่งบ้านแห่งจักรวาล: ห้องนอน
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Trang Trí Nhà Vũ Trụ: Phòng Ngủ
|de   = Leitfaden für galaktisches Heimdekor: Schlafzimmer
|id   = Panduan Dekorasi Rumah Alam Semesta: Kamar Tidur
|pt   = Guia de Decoração Cósmica: Quarto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
