<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Entryway#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 8027115
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Cosmic Home Décor Guide Entryway.png-->
|type          = Adventure
|event_name    = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|chapter       = Cosmic Home Décor Guide
|requirements  = [[Adventure Mission]] ''[[Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Pom-Pom; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Astral Express]] - [[Party Car]]
|world         = Astral Express
|area          = Party Car
|prev          = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Bedroom
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
}}
'''''Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Entryway''''' is an Event [[Adventure Mission]] from the [[Cosmic Home Décor Guide]] event.

==Steps==
# Complete building the entryway

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
===Complete building the entryway{{subst:void|<!--802711502-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=adventure|location=Party Car|An entryway area might be tiny, but it presents the first impression people have of your room.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUI)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>

;(Unused &mdash; OpenUIAndFinishMission)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
----
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Ready, Passenger (Trailblazer)? The incredibly thrilling Hygiene Showdown is here!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' To maintain the cleanliness of the Express, Pom-Pom periodically conducts hygiene inspections of the passengers' rooms.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' The highest score will receive the title of Hygiene Star! By the way, Dan Heng has been the reigning Hygiene Star for three consecutive years!
:Not fair! Dan Heng has fewer furnishings!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Got it. Then Pom-Pom will confiscate all your furniture!
:Is there a prize for being a Hygiene Star?
:'''Pom-Pom:''' You'll receive a commendation from me~ As for a tangible reward... Shush suggests a Toilet Paper Star as a medal, but Pom-Pom is guessing you might not like that.
:I'll tidy up a bit more...
:'''Pom-Pom:''' You were notified a week ago. It's too late to scramble at the last minute now!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Don't worry, Passenger (Trailblazer). Pom-Pom understands that you're still renovating, so it might not be very tidy. I will take the current situation into account and make a fair assessment.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Cleanliness: 9. Tidiness: 8. Aesthetics...
:'''Pom-Pom:''' This potted plant has vibrant green leaves, a full texture, and a perfectly balanced shape &mdash; truly exceptional... Passenger (Trailblazer), could you share with Pom-Pom how you achieved this?
:I don't interfere, just let it grow freely.
:Water it with love.
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Excellent answer! Aesthetics: 100!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' So it's a percentage scale!?
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Next, let's decorate the gaming room...)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Humans can't afford to lose the gaming room, just like the Interastral Peace Corporation can't afford to lose Pier Point.)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' The build list I prepared long ago finally has a purpose!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Hmm, Passenger (Trailblazer), have you noticed anything different about Pom-Pom today?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looking better?
::Looking better?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Pom-Pom is wearing new clothes &mdash; don't they make Pom-Pom look even better?
::Did you change into new clothes?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' You're as sharp as ever, Passenger (Trailblazer). Pom-Pom's new outfit looks great!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you change into new clothes?
::Did you change into new clothes?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' You're as sharp as ever, Passenger (Trailblazer). Pom-Pom's new outfit looks great!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not the real Pom-Pom!
::You're not the real Pom-Pom!
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Pom-Pom changed into new clothes, and now you don't recognize me, Passenger (Trailblazer)? Pom-Pom is the real deal, authentic through and through!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:You're not the real Pom-Pom!
:'''Pom-Pom:''' Pom-Pom changed into new clothes, and now you don't recognize me, Passenger (Trailblazer)? Pom-Pom is the real deal, authentic through and through!
;(Return to previous option selection)
;(Return to previous option selection)
;(Return to previous option selection)

;(Talk to Pom-Pom)
:'''Pom-Pom:''' I'm calculating the total score for this Hygiene Showdown... Stay tuned for the results!

:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Check the duty schedule
----
:'''(Trailblazer):''' It's time to start work!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.OpenTrainPartyEntrancePage"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cosmic Home Décor Guide: Entryway
|zhs  = 宇宙家装指南：玄关篇
|zht  = 宇宙家裝指南：玄關篇
|ja   = コズミック・ハウジングガイド：玄関
|ko   = 우주 인테리어 가이드: 현관편
|es   = Guía de decoración galáctica: recibidor
|fr   = Guide de décoration cosmique&nbsp;: Entrée
|ru   = Идеи декора для космического дома: Прихожая
|th   = คู่มือแต่งบ้านแห่งจักรวาล: ห้องโถง
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Trang Trí Nhà Vũ Trụ: Tiền Sảnh
|de   = Leitfaden für galaktisches Heimdekor: Eingangsbereich
|id   = Panduan Dekorasi Rumah Alam Semesta: Foyer
|pt   = Guia de Decoração Cósmica: Entrada
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
