<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Being Human 101#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000522
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Being Human 101.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gunn; Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Being Human 101''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"
# Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human
# Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"{{subst:void|<!--300052201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Gunn, the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, comes to you. He wants you to teach a special student, and you're going to teach her some unique lessons...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What action will the Department of Galactic Geopolitics take?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm just a guide. Specific policies and strategies will be decided by the founder, Mr. Gunn.
::'''Sheila:''' But I believe the Department of Galactic Geopolitics will certainly try its best to make up for this disaster.
::'''Sheila:''' If you are not well mentally, I can help you relieve some stress. This is the least I can do for the space station.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually do psychological counseling for everyone?
::'''Sheila:''' Normally I prefer to do thought experiments, such as short quiz questions.
::'''Sheila:''' Thought experiments can exercise people's mental capacity and help me understand them. It helps me to get along with the researchers.
::'''Sheila:''' When the crisis passes, would you like to have a try?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Gunn...
::'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn is the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. He is very wise and philosophical.
::'''Sheila:''' I am sure you will gain a lot of interesting knowledge if you talk to him more.
::'''Sheila:''' Especially about Fool's Play. I don't think anyone will know more about it than him.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Sheila:''' It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' Yes, you are right. Some things are better left to a youngster like you.
:'''Gunn:''' You see, I'd like you to be a teacher for an android. Teach her about life and how to handle her relationship with others.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're more learned about these. Why not teach her yourself?
::'''Gunn:''' I did, but the result was not ideal. Although Prototype 157 I made earlier had independent thinking capability to a certain degree, I couldn't answer her questions about our world.
::'''Gunn:''' I can teach her theories, but the world is ever-changing. There are things that only you young people can keep up with.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The space station is teeming with young people.
::'''Gunn:''' Not everyone is willing to deal with an android. Besides... They are only willing to teach her things related to scientific research. When it comes to teaching her facts of life, you are a better candidate than them.
:'''Gunn:''' I've heard of your deeds in the space station. In my opinion, you're among the best of us.
:'''Gunn:''' And I just made Prototype 159... Although I have limited her capacity to think independently, she learns better and faster than most.
:'''Gunn:''' Without a "decent person" to show her the way and shape her personality to be in line with human moral standards, I dare not let her delve into advanced theories... If she develops any deviant thoughts, the consequences could be unimaginable.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you worried I might lead her astray?
::'''Gunn:''' No, I have confidence in you. Besides, I am just asking you to show her what our daily life is like. Things like entertainment and hobbies. I don't think there will be any big problems.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what I can teach her...
::'''Gunn:''' Simple. Tell her about the foods and drinks you like, or what you do when you have spare time. She'll turn these into her own knowledge.
:'''Gunn:''' Tell her what kind of person she should be, things to do for fun, what we do every day... Tell her all you know and she'll pick them up one by one.
:'''Gunn:''' As for the specifics about the teaching plan, it's totally up to you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human{{subst:void|<!--300052202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Your student, Sheila, is an android, and you're going to teach her how to act like a human.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn... Okay, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, please teach me.
:'''Sheila:''' Although I have mastered a lot of advanced knowledge, there is still a big gap between me and ordinary humans. I want to be a real human like everyone else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any hobbies?
::'''Sheila:''' Learning is my only hobby. I can never feel like I have learned enough. I have a long way to go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you usually get up to around here?
::'''Sheila:''' Learn cutting-edge scientific theories, support the department of Galactic Geopolitics and the space station, and... wait for Mr. Gunn to give me upgrades and maintenance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did anyone teach you about work-life balance?
:'''Sheila:''' Work-life balance? You mean taking a break? I do that actually. When there's no new commands to follow or documents to process, I'd stand still and zone out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not work-life balance.
::'''Sheila:''' Got it, note recorded.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should develop some hobbies.
::'''Sheila:''' How? Please give me some guidance, (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Teach her how to have fun and enjoy her life.)
:'''Sheila:''' I have searched some relevant facts. Music, novels, and pets... Food, food, food... Unable to eat, search result excluded.
:'''Sheila:''' Also, films, television, animation shows, and sports... Sports... My physical fitness has already reached optimal ratio compared to humans, unable to upgrade further.
:'''Sheila:''' Reviewing curriculum...
:'''Sheila:''' Learning in progress, please do not disturb.
:'''Sheila:''' ...
:'''Sheila:''' Learning finished. I got it! Thank you, (Trailblazer)!
:'''Sheila:''' I have now paid for subscriptions to 16 different streaming platforms owned by the Interastral Peace Corporation. Now I still have... Er, 1, 2, 3... 48 shows to watch.
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn seems to have given me some sort of report to handle... or is it some research? Forget about it. I don't have time for that. Just some chore, not worth mentioning.
:'''Sheila:''' Wait a minute, why did they cancel "Meteor Thief"? {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, do you know the inside story? Ugh, I guess I will have to send complaints to that platform. It's so inhumane to just cancel the show like that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get the feeling you've been led astray...
:'''Sheila:''' No, I am so glad you taught me those things. I never knew there are so many wonderful things waiting for me in the world.
:'''Sheila:''' Wow! "Meteor Thief Leblanc" merch doesn't seem to be that expensive, but I don't have any money. Should I ask Mr. Gunn for some?
:'''Sheila:''' Uh, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, is there anything else you want me to study? I've learned everything you taught me. Ah, I almost forgot. Mr. Gunn said that when I am done studying, you should go talk to him.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Sheila doing well?
::'''Gunn:''' It depends on how you define "well."
::'''Gunn:''' She doesn't remember what happened before and doesn't have anything to worry about, so I'd say she is "doing well."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I think I saw Sheila again.
::'''Gunn:''' Yes. She's a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and the Department can't function without her.
::'''Gunn:''' But you probably also know she is no longer Prototype 157.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans?
::'''Gunn:''' I'm getting old, and I don't have much that I want anymore. A peaceful life is good enough.
::'''Gunn:''' I might train some students if I have the time. I heard... that some young researchers are apparently very interested in working on androids.
::'''Gunn:''' Given an opportunity, I would like to teach them a thing or two... Ahh, after all, everyone has regrets.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Gunn:''' Good. Do come back more often to chat with me, child.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn{{subst:void|<!--300052203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Sheila has made remarkable progress in acting human. But you're not sure if Gunn will be satisfied with the result...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' ... It's a little different from what I expected. Um... Should I back this up before resetting the data?
:'''Gunn:''' Alas, I am old and useless now. Look at me, I almost forgot &mdash; thank you for teaching Sheila how to act like a human.
:'''Gunn:''' You've been working hard all day. Here is a little token of my appreciation. You can take it as a gift from Sheila.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Being Human 101
|zhs  = 教她做人
|zht  = 教她做人
|ja   = 身の処し方を教える
|ko   = 사람 됨됨이 교육
|es   = {{MC|f=Profesora|m=Profesor}} de la vida
|fr   = Être humain pour les nuls
|ru   = Научите её быть человеком
|th   = ชี้แนะวิถีแห่งมนุษย์
|vi   = Dạy Cô Ấy Cách Làm Người
|de   = Kurs in Menschlichkeit
|id   = Ajari Dia Cara Bertindak
|pt   = Seres Humanos para Idiotas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
