<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Being Human 101#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000526
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Being Human 101.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gunn; Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Being Human 101''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"
# Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human
# Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"{{subst:void|<!--300052601-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Gunn, the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, comes to you. He wants you to teach a special student, and you're going to teach her some unique lessons...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What action will the Department of Galactic Geopolitics take?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm just a guide. Specific policies and strategies will be decided by the founder, Mr. Gunn.
::'''Sheila:''' But I believe the Department of Galactic Geopolitics will certainly try its best to make up for this disaster.
::'''Sheila:''' If you are not well mentally, I can help you relieve some stress. This is the least I can do for the space station.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually do psychological counseling for everyone?
::'''Sheila:''' Normally I prefer to do thought experiments, such as short quiz questions.
::'''Sheila:''' Thought experiments can exercise people's mental capacity and help me understand them. It helps me to get along with the researchers.
::'''Sheila:''' When the crisis passes, would you like to have a try?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Gunn...
::'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn is the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. He is very wise and philosophical.
::'''Sheila:''' I am sure you will gain a lot of interesting knowledge if you talk to him more.
::'''Sheila:''' Especially about Fool's Play. I don't think anyone will know more about it than him.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Sheila:''' It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' Judging from Sheila's performance yesterday, I don't think it was good enough. Of course, I appreciate your hard work...
:'''Gunn:''' But she is an android after all. I don't want to see her go astray and do anything harmful to human beings.
:'''Gunn:''' I reset her memory from yesterday... Today she is a blank slate. What she will learn today is up to you.
:'''Gunn:''' Please continue to be her teacher today and tell her a bit more about how to navigate our world.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human{{subst:void|<!--300052602-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Your student, Sheila, is an android, and you're going to teach her how to act like a human.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn... Okay, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, please teach me.
:'''Sheila:''' Although I have mastered a lot of advanced knowledge, there is still a big gap between me and ordinary humans. I want to be a real human like everyone else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any hobbies?
::'''Sheila:''' Learning is my only hobby. I can never feel like I have learned enough. I have a long way to go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you usually get up to around here?
::'''Sheila:''' Learn cutting-edge scientific theories, support the department of Galactic Geopolitics and the space station, and... wait for Mr. Gunn to give me upgrades and maintenance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds pretty boring.
::'''Sheila:''' So humans define this sort of lifestyle as "boring." But I don't particularly mind it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Normal people won't feel that way...
::'''Sheila:''' Sorry, I have never been in contact with other androids. But I am glad you have put me in the same category with other normal humans.
:'''Sheila:''' Your words remind me of something. Earlier when I was providing guiding services for the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, everyone spoke to me very politely, and they never avoided me during conversations.
:'''Sheila:''' However, I got the feeling that they did not see me as one of them... and they spoke about a lot of things that I had no knowledge of. All I could do was stand there and pretend I don't exist.
:'''Sheila:''' I wonder what I have to do in order to integrate into their social circle, and be able to join in their conversations.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Teach her to surf the Internet)
:'''Sheila:''' "Net Surfing"? So this is a term on the internet. I thought the internet exists to provide me with upgrades and learning materials. One second, let me check.
:'''Sheila:''' I'd like to learn more about human behavior online. What are people interested in? What do they talk about? I'm so curious about these things...
:'''Sheila:''' So that's how people socialize in a virtual setting? The topics are a bit weird, but they have me intrigued.
:'''Sheila:''' Reviewing curriculum, please do not disturb.
:'''Sheila:''' ...
:'''Sheila:''' I got it! Oh my goodness, my dear (Trailblazer)! I want to rub your face into your skull with flowers!
:'''Sheila:''' AYO {{MC|m=GigaChad|f=GigaChadette}}, have you checked out that trending news everyone in the cosmos has been going on about? Something about rare creature photos and whatnot.
:'''Sheila:''' Yikes, it's a SIN that such an ugly alien creature exists! It's soooo ugly that I had to pop my eyes out and rinse them with holy water!
:'''Sheila:''' Hiya, forget about this. I still have a lot of reports from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics to deal with. Oof.
:'''Sheila:''' Er, something on my face? You got a problem with what I just said? I've got 1300 likes from the virtual community. I'm something of a legend myself! Didn't see that coming, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get the feeling you've been led astray...
:'''Sheila:''' Gosh no. You taught me well! Haha, the Internet is FUN!
:'''Sheila:''' Everyone in the virtual world deserves a podcast. Who needs work when you have homies online? Ah, speaking of work, old Gunn would like to have a chat with you after today's lesson. Don't forget to talk to him when you find time!

;(Talk to Gunn)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Sheila doing well?
::'''Gunn:''' It depends on how you define "well."
::'''Gunn:''' She doesn't remember what happened before and doesn't have anything to worry about, so I'd say she is "doing well."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I think I saw Sheila again.
::'''Gunn:''' Yes. She's a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and the Department can't function without her.
::'''Gunn:''' But you probably also know she is no longer Prototype 157.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans?
::'''Gunn:''' I'm getting old, and I don't have much that I want anymore. A peaceful life is good enough.
::'''Gunn:''' I might train some students if I have the time. I heard... that some young researchers are apparently very interested in working on androids.
::'''Gunn:''' Given an opportunity, I would like to teach them a thing or two... Ahh, after all, everyone has regrets.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Gunn:''' Good. Do come back more often to chat with me, child.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn{{subst:void|<!--300052603-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Sheila has made remarkable progress in acting human. But you're not sure if Gunn will be satisfied with the result...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' ... It's a little different from what I expected. Um... Should I back this up before resetting the data?
:'''Gunn:''' Alas, I am old and useless now. Look at me, I almost forgot &mdash; thank you for teaching Sheila how to act like a human.
:'''Gunn:''' You've been working hard all day. Here is a little token of my appreciation. You can take it as a gift from Sheila.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Being Human 101
|zhs  = 教她做人
|zht  = 教她做人
|ja   = 身の処し方を教える
|ko   = 사람 됨됨이 교육
|es   = {{MC|f=Profesora|m=Profesor}} de la vida
|fr   = Être humain pour les nuls
|ru   = Научите её быть человеком
|th   = ชี้แนะวิถีแห่งมนุษย์
|vi   = Dạy Cô Ấy Cách Làm Người
|de   = Kurs in Menschlichkeit
|id   = Ajari Dia Cara Bertindak
|pt   = Seres Humanos para Idiotas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
