<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Being Human 101#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000523
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Being Human 101.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gunn; Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Being Human 101''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"
# Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human
# Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"{{subst:void|<!--300052301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Gunn, the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, comes to you. He wants you to teach a special student, and you're going to teach her some unique lessons...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What action will the Department of Galactic Geopolitics take?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm just a guide. Specific policies and strategies will be decided by the founder, Mr. Gunn.
::'''Sheila:''' But I believe the Department of Galactic Geopolitics will certainly try its best to make up for this disaster.
::'''Sheila:''' If you are not well mentally, I can help you relieve some stress. This is the least I can do for the space station.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually do psychological counseling for everyone?
::'''Sheila:''' Normally I prefer to do thought experiments, such as short quiz questions.
::'''Sheila:''' Thought experiments can exercise people's mental capacity and help me understand them. It helps me to get along with the researchers.
::'''Sheila:''' When the crisis passes, would you like to have a try?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Gunn...
::'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn is the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. He is very wise and philosophical.
::'''Sheila:''' I am sure you will gain a lot of interesting knowledge if you talk to him more.
::'''Sheila:''' Especially about Fool's Play. I don't think anyone will know more about it than him.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Sheila:''' It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' Judging from Sheila's performance yesterday, I don't think it was good enough. Of course, I appreciate your hard work...
:'''Gunn:''' But she is an android after all. I don't want to see her go astray and do anything harmful to human beings.
:'''Gunn:''' I reset her memory from yesterday... Today she is a blank slate. What she will learn today is up to you.
:'''Gunn:''' Please continue to be her teacher today and tell her a bit more about how to navigate our world.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human{{subst:void|<!--300052302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Your student, Sheila, is an android, and you're going to teach her how to act like a human.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn... Okay, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, please teach me.
:'''Sheila:''' Although I have mastered a lot of advanced knowledge, there is still a big gap between me and ordinary humans. I want to be a real human like everyone else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any hobbies?
::'''Sheila:''' Learning is my only hobby. I can never feel like I have learned enough. I have a long way to go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you usually get up to around here?
::'''Sheila:''' Learn cutting-edge scientific theories, support the department of Galactic Geopolitics and the space station, and... wait for Mr. Gunn to give me upgrades and maintenance.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did anyone teach you about work-life balance?
:'''Sheila:''' Work-life balance? You mean taking a break? I do that actually. When there's no new commands to follow or documents to process, I'd stand still and zone out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not work-life balance.
::'''Sheila:''' Got it, note recorded.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should develop some hobbies.
::'''Sheila:''' How? Please give me some guidance, (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Teach her how to have fun and enjoy her life.)
:'''Sheila:''' I have searched some relevant facts. Music, novels, and pets... Food, food, food... Unable to eat, search result excluded.
:'''Sheila:''' Also, films, television, animation shows, and sports... Sports... My physical fitness has already reached optimal ratio compared to humans, unable to upgrade further.
:'''Sheila:''' Reviewing curriculum...
:'''Sheila:''' Learning in progress, please do not disturb.
:'''Sheila:''' ...
:'''Sheila:''' Learning finished. I got it! Thank you, (Trailblazer)!
:'''Sheila:''' I have now paid for subscriptions to 16 different streaming platforms owned by the Interastral Peace Corporation. Now I still have... Er, 1, 2, 3... 48 shows to watch.
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn seems to have given me some sort of report to handle... or is it some research? Forget about it. I don't have time for that. Just some chore, not worth mentioning.
:'''Sheila:''' Wait a minute, why did they cancel "Meteor Thief"? {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, do you know the inside story? Ugh, I guess I will have to send complaints to that platform. It's so inhumane to just cancel the show like that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get the feeling you've been led astray...
:'''Sheila:''' No, I am so glad you taught me those things. I never knew there are so many wonderful things waiting for me in the world.
:'''Sheila:''' Wow! "Meteor Thief Leblanc" merch doesn't seem to be that expensive, but I don't have any money. Should I ask Mr. Gunn for some?
:'''Sheila:''' Uh, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, is there anything else you want me to study? I've learned everything you taught me. Ah, I almost forgot. Mr. Gunn said that when I am done studying, you should go talk to him.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Sheila doing well?
::'''Gunn:''' It depends on how you define "well."
::'''Gunn:''' She doesn't remember what happened before and doesn't have anything to worry about, so I'd say she is "doing well."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I think I saw Sheila again.
::'''Gunn:''' Yes. She's a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and the Department can't function without her.
::'''Gunn:''' But you probably also know she is no longer Prototype 157.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans?
::'''Gunn:''' I'm getting old, and I don't have much that I want anymore. A peaceful life is good enough.
::'''Gunn:''' I might train some students if I have the time. I heard... that some young researchers are apparently very interested in working on androids.
::'''Gunn:''' Given an opportunity, I would like to teach them a thing or two... Ahh, after all, everyone has regrets.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Gunn:''' Good. Do come back more often to chat with me, child.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn{{subst:void|<!--300052303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Sheila has made remarkable progress in acting human. But you're not sure if Gunn will be satisfied with the result...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' ... It's a little different from what I expected. Um... Should I back this up before resetting the data?
:'''Gunn:''' Alas, I am old and useless now. Look at me, I almost forgot &mdash; thank you for teaching Sheila how to act like a human.
:'''Gunn:''' You've been working hard all day. Here is a little token of my appreciation. You can take it as a gift from Sheila.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Being Human 101
|zhs  = 教她做人
|zht  = 教她做人
|ja   = 身の処し方を教える
|ko   = 사람 됨됨이 교육
|es   = {{MC|f=Profesora|m=Profesor}} de la vida
|fr   = Être humain pour les nuls
|ru   = Научите её быть человеком
|th   = ชี้แนะวิถีแห่งมนุษย์
|vi   = Dạy Cô Ấy Cách Làm Người
|de   = Kurs in Menschlichkeit
|id   = Ajari Dia Cara Bertindak
|pt   = Seres Humanos para Idiotas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
