<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Being Human 101#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000525
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Being Human 101.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gunn; Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Being Human 101''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"
# Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human
# Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"{{subst:void|<!--300052501-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Gunn, the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, comes to you. He wants you to teach a special student, and you're going to teach her some unique lessons...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What action will the Department of Galactic Geopolitics take?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm just a guide. Specific policies and strategies will be decided by the founder, Mr. Gunn.
::'''Sheila:''' But I believe the Department of Galactic Geopolitics will certainly try its best to make up for this disaster.
::'''Sheila:''' If you are not well mentally, I can help you relieve some stress. This is the least I can do for the space station.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually do psychological counseling for everyone?
::'''Sheila:''' Normally I prefer to do thought experiments, such as short quiz questions.
::'''Sheila:''' Thought experiments can exercise people's mental capacity and help me understand them. It helps me to get along with the researchers.
::'''Sheila:''' When the crisis passes, would you like to have a try?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Gunn...
::'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn is the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. He is very wise and philosophical.
::'''Sheila:''' I am sure you will gain a lot of interesting knowledge if you talk to him more.
::'''Sheila:''' Especially about Fool's Play. I don't think anyone will know more about it than him.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Sheila:''' It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' Judging from Sheila's performance yesterday, I don't think it was good enough. Of course, I appreciate your hard work...
:'''Gunn:''' But she is an android after all. I don't want to see her go astray and do anything harmful to human beings.
:'''Gunn:''' I reset her memory from yesterday... Today she is a blank slate. What she will learn today is up to you.
:'''Gunn:''' Please continue to be her teacher today and tell her a bit more about how to navigate our world.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human{{subst:void|<!--300052502-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Your student, Sheila, is an android, and you're going to teach her how to act like a human.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn... Okay, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, please teach me.
:'''Sheila:''' Although I have mastered a lot of advanced knowledge, there is still a big gap between me and ordinary humans. I want to be a real human like everyone else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The way you speak is too rigid, you don't sound human.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have to be so serious when you talk.
:'''Sheila:''' ...Got it, note saved.
:'''Sheila:''' The tone of my speech is generated from the data provided by Mr. Gunn. Some of the staff here have trained my natural language processing capabilities using small-scale samples of their speech. They don't seem to have a problem with the way I speak.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're just being polite. You can't take their word for it.
::'''Sheila:''' So they don't mean what they said? How come I never noticed? I thought people are just naturally nice to each other.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Last time I checked, I am the teacher here, not the other way around.
::'''Sheila:''' Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}. I'm just too curious.
:'''Sheila:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, how can I understand the true meaning behind what people say?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Order her to study language and logic.)
:'''Sheila:''' Great, when I'm done, everyone will treat me like a real human. Perfect!
:'''Sheila:''' Reviewing curriculum...
:'''Sheila:''' ...
:'''Sheila:''' All relevant knowledge learned. Examination passed.
:'''Sheila:''' So that's what it is. I understand now...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you understand?
::'''Sheila:''' It's in the books, isn't it? Why don't you go look it up yourself? It's just the rules and logic in human conversations. Such simple concepts, surely even you understand, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That was quick.
::'''Sheila:''' Got a problem with that? You understand the difference between us, don't you? I am an android, and you're just a carbon-based life form. The computing power of my chip is far more superior to that pea brain of yours.
:'''Sheila:''' Gunn, that old fart, he even left me all those research reports to do. What a joke. Don't you people have hands?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get the feeling you've been led astray...
:'''Sheila:''' Hey hey hey, didn't you give me that curriculum yourself? I did exactly what you told me to do! If you call this "led astray," then whose problem is that?
:'''Sheila:''' Alright, don't just stand there like a log. Let's call it a day. The old fart Gunn said he wants to talk to you after the lesson. You better go.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Sheila doing well?
::'''Gunn:''' It depends on how you define "well."
::'''Gunn:''' She doesn't remember what happened before and doesn't have anything to worry about, so I'd say she is "doing well."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I think I saw Sheila again.
::'''Gunn:''' Yes. She's a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and the Department can't function without her.
::'''Gunn:''' But you probably also know she is no longer Prototype 157.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans?
::'''Gunn:''' I'm getting old, and I don't have much that I want anymore. A peaceful life is good enough.
::'''Gunn:''' I might train some students if I have the time. I heard... that some young researchers are apparently very interested in working on androids.
::'''Gunn:''' Given an opportunity, I would like to teach them a thing or two... Ahh, after all, everyone has regrets.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Gunn:''' Good. Do come back more often to chat with me, child.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn{{subst:void|<!--300052503-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Sheila has made remarkable progress in acting human. But you're not sure if Gunn will be satisfied with the result...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' ... It's a little different from what I expected. Um... Should I back this up before resetting the data?
:'''Gunn:''' Alas, I am old and useless now. Look at me, I almost forgot &mdash; thank you for teaching Sheila how to act like a human.
:'''Gunn:''' You've been working hard all day. Here is a little token of my appreciation. You can take it as a gift from Sheila.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Being Human 101
|zhs  = 教她做人
|zht  = 教她做人
|ja   = 身の処し方を教える
|ko   = 사람 됨됨이 교육
|es   = {{MC|f=Profesora|m=Profesor}} de la vida
|fr   = Être humain pour les nuls
|ru   = Научите её быть человеком
|th   = ชี้แนะวิถีแห่งมนุษย์
|vi   = Dạy Cô Ấy Cách Làm Người
|de   = Kurs in Menschlichkeit
|id   = Ajari Dia Cara Bertindak
|pt   = Seres Humanos para Idiotas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
