<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Being Human 101#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000527
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Being Human 101.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gunn; Sheila; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Being Human 101''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"
# Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human
# Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gunn and become a "Distinguished Teacher"{{subst:void|<!--300052701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Gunn, the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, comes to you. He wants you to teach a special student, and you're going to teach her some unique lessons...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What action will the Department of Galactic Geopolitics take?
::'''Sheila:''' I'm just a guide. Specific policies and strategies will be decided by the founder, Mr. Gunn.
::'''Sheila:''' But I believe the Department of Galactic Geopolitics will certainly try its best to make up for this disaster.
::'''Sheila:''' If you are not well mentally, I can help you relieve some stress. This is the least I can do for the space station.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you usually do psychological counseling for everyone?
::'''Sheila:''' Normally I prefer to do thought experiments, such as short quiz questions.
::'''Sheila:''' Thought experiments can exercise people's mental capacity and help me understand them. It helps me to get along with the researchers.
::'''Sheila:''' When the crisis passes, would you like to have a try?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Gunn...
::'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn is the founder of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics. He is very wise and philosophical.
::'''Sheila:''' I am sure you will gain a lot of interesting knowledge if you talk to him more.
::'''Sheila:''' Especially about Fool's Play. I don't think anyone will know more about it than him.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::'''Sheila:''' It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' Judging from Sheila's performance yesterday, I don't think it was good enough. Of course, I appreciate your hard work...
:'''Gunn:''' But she is an android after all. I don't want to see her go astray and do anything harmful to human beings.
:'''Gunn:''' I reset her memory from yesterday... Today she is a blank slate. What she will learn today is up to you.
:'''Gunn:''' Please continue to be her teacher today and tell her a bit more about how to navigate our world.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Sheila and teach her how to act human{{subst:void|<!--300052702-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Your student, Sheila, is an android, and you're going to teach her how to act like a human.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Sheila)
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn... Okay, {{MC|m=mister|f=miss}}, please teach me.
:'''Sheila:''' Although I have mastered a lot of advanced knowledge, there is still a big gap between me and ordinary humans. I want to be a real human like everyone else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright. Tell me what your dream is.
::'''Sheila:''' Dream? In the dictionary entry for this word, it is defined as a word that radiates the dazzling light of a star.
::'''Sheila:''' But my dream is very ordinary, far from being "dazzling." I just want to be a human being who can be accepted by everyone.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you want to learn?
::'''Sheila:''' I want to learn... knowledge that will make me more human.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you are an android after all...
:'''Sheila:''' ...I know, in the physical sense, I can never become a real human.
:'''Sheila:''' But I wanna be accepted and liked. I want to be the kind of person on whom others can place their hopes. I want people to like me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are their expectations for you?
::'''Sheila:''' Yes, I always remember. I am an android, but everyone has always had high expectations for me. I can't disappoint them.
::'''Sheila:''' I remember that researchers from other departments want me to expand my scope of work to cover their fields, and I also remember how Mr. Gunn wants me to not be led astray. I remember these things...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then what kind of person do you want to become?
::'''Sheila:''' ...If I can... I do not want to let everybody down. I want to make people happy and become part of human society.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell her she should be herself.)
:'''Sheila:''' Be myself... How do I do that? "Listen to your heart, follow your dream." This is what some search results suggest. Let me try.
:'''Sheila:''' Reviewing curriculum...
:'''Sheila:''' Learning in progress, please do not disturb.
:'''Sheila:''' ...
:'''Sheila:''' (Trailblazer), thank you for your guidance. I found records of people's private life that they uploaded to the virtual network.
:'''Sheila:''' Despite the little useful information I found, I'm still very intrigued to explore the outside world.
:'''Sheila:''' If I got the chance, I'd go to other planets and use my steps to measure how big those worlds are. I want to feel the sensation of wind and sand brushing past my face.
:'''Sheila:''' As for my life now, I don't see the need to continue living it. It's so boring. I might as well discard it altogether.
:'''Sheila:''' The world outside is so big and I really should go out and have a look. Right, I should starting packing now!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I get the feeling you've been led astray...
:'''Sheila:''' No, if you didn't give me this opportunity to explore who I really am, I wouldn't realize that freedom is such a precious thing, and I wouldn't have the opportunity to see how big the outside world is.
:'''Sheila:''' Mr. Gunn said that when the lesson is finished, he would like to have a word with you. As for me, I'm going to pack my stuff and get ready to leave...

;(Talk to Gunn)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Sheila doing well?
::'''Gunn:''' It depends on how you define "well."
::'''Gunn:''' She doesn't remember what happened before and doesn't have anything to worry about, so I'd say she is "doing well."
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I think I saw Sheila again.
::'''Gunn:''' Yes. She's a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and the Department can't function without her.
::'''Gunn:''' But you probably also know she is no longer Prototype 157.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans?
::'''Gunn:''' I'm getting old, and I don't have much that I want anymore. A peaceful life is good enough.
::'''Gunn:''' I might train some students if I have the time. I heard... that some young researchers are apparently very interested in working on androids.
::'''Gunn:''' Given an opportunity, I would like to teach them a thing or two... Ahh, after all, everyone has regrets.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Gunn:''' Good. Do come back more often to chat with me, child.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report the result of today's lessons to Gunn{{subst:void|<!--300052703-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|update|Sheila has made remarkable progress in acting human. But you're not sure if Gunn will be satisfied with the result...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gunn)
:'''Gunn:''' ... It's a little different from what I expected. Um... Should I back this up before resetting the data?
:'''Gunn:''' Alas, I am old and useless now. Look at me, I almost forgot &mdash; thank you for teaching Sheila how to act like a human.
:'''Gunn:''' You've been working hard all day. Here is a little token of my appreciation. You can take it as a gift from Sheila.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Being Human 101
|zhs  = 教她做人
|zht  = 教她做人
|ja   = 身の処し方を教える
|ko   = 사람 됨됨이 교육
|es   = {{MC|f=Profesora|m=Profesor}} de la vida
|fr   = Être humain pour les nuls
|ru   = Научите её быть человеком
|th   = ชี้แนะวิถีแห่งมนุษย์
|vi   = Dạy Cô Ấy Cách Làm Người
|de   = Kurs in Menschlichkeit
|id   = Ajari Dia Cara Bertindak
|pt   = Seres Humanos para Idiotas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
