<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bored to Death#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011112
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Bored to Death.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dunn; Gilbert; Trailblazer; Wen Tianweng
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Bored to Death''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gilbert
# Defeat the out-of-control Automaton Grizzly
# Go back and talk to Dunn

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gilbert{{subst:void|<!--301111201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|Gilbert from the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone seems troubled. Go talk to him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--0.5-second delay-->
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Dunn:''' ...I certainly get your point, Gilbert. But this medal of merit is not something I can give to anyone I want.
:'''Dunn:''' How long have you been in the army, twenty years? Thirty years? Don't you understand this...
:'''Gilbert:''' Dunn, I took special care of you when you were a new recruit. Now that you've become a captain, how come you are putting on airs with me?
:'''Gilbert:''' Can't you do me this tiny little favor? Do you want to see me getting laughed at by my wife and daughter...?
:'''Dunn:''' I've told you many times. It's a matter of principle...
:'''Dunn:''' ...Ah, right on time, here comes (Trailblazer)! What do you make of his request?
----
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Actually, I don't want to meddle...
::'''Dunn:''' ...Come on now, you never shy away from giving people a little help.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:'''Dunn:''' Do you know Gilbert? Yes, him, the oldest logistics officer in the restricted zone.
:'''Dunn:''' He's about to retire. The way I see it, he should spend the last few months doing what he's been doing and return to the city to reunite with his wife and daughter when he finally retires...
:'''Dunn:''' But he wants to ask an unreasonable favor from me at a time like this! The geezer wants to borrow a medal of merit, just to look good in front of his family. You tell me, is that reasonable?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can't you just lend him the medal?
::'''Dunn:''' Of course not! What do you think the rules of the Silvermane Guards are for?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} True... It doesn't sound very appropriate.
::'''Dunn:''' See, old man! Even (Trailblazer) said so.
:'''Dunn:''' Besides, don't you have the Veteran Guard Medal from your twentieth anniversary? Isn't that enough honor for you to show off...
:'''Gilbert:''' Youngster, why don't you understand... You can get one of these just by staying long enough. It is not considered an honor. And it won't bring me any respect...
:'''Dunn:''' *sigh* You just don't get it, do you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I help with anything?
::'''Dunn:''' Yeah, let me think about it...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why is no one giving me any medal?
::'''Dunn:''' ...Remember that time you knocked me out? Consider yourself lucky that you're not sent to court-martial yet, let alone getting a medal...
::'''Dunn:''' Wait, you reminded me...
:'''Dunn:''' Yes, I have a good idea!
:'''Dunn:''' I heard that another automaton "Grizzly" has lost control recently, and is still roaming and wreaking havoc in the restricted zone. Now that there is a shortage of personnel, my subordinates can only maintain control in the surrounding area temporarily and they dare not act rashly.
:'''Dunn:''' (Trailblazer), can you take the old man to deal with this problem? When this is done, I can give the credit to Gilbert.
:'''Gilbert:''' Wh&mdash;what a great opportunity! {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, let's go and take a look!
----

;(Talk to Gilbert)
:'''Wen Tianweng:''' Well if it isn't the kid from last time! At least you have enough conscience to come hang out with this old fart.
:'''Wen Tianweng:''' It's nothing important. Just that lately I've had to go fix those blockages every day. I can't move my old bones anymore.
:'''Wen Tianweng:''' Last time, when I was fixing my motorcycle, I almost knocked down the wall of the maintenance room, like Hosea Lazaro did.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wow, that's so cool.
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' Pff, that's nothing. Next time I should take you to see the galaxy-class Rose Roydz I hid in the corner of the railway platform. Now that's an eye-opener!
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' But that's all for later. Now, if you can find me 3 Ultra Nickel Parts, I'll treat you to as many Kapo-Kali as you want!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It doesn't sound like you can't move at all...
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' Really, I am not lying to you. Ouch, I hurt all over...
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' My tongue, teeth, and my mouth hurt. I can't keep talking nonsense with you, kid.
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' Now hurry, find me 3 Ultra Nickel Parts. In return, you can have all the Kapo-Kali you want!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you want to order me around.
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' Hey, how is that ordering you around? Young people should eat more and work more, that's how you stay healthy and out of trouble.
::'''Wen Tianweng:''' Not to mention, you just have to find 3 Ultra Nickel Parts for me and you can have all the Kapo-Kali you want!
:'''Wen Tianweng:''' You have no idea, the kind of things folks are willing to do just for a sip of that... elixir from heaven!
:'''Wen Tianweng:''' Go, go, enough chit-chatting. I'll be waiting!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Defeat the out-of-control Automaton Grizzly{{subst:void|<!--301111202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Gilbert needs to achieve something on the battlefield to show his strength. Defeat the robot out of control in the restricted zone with him... Wait, did I say "with him"?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Gilbert:''' Wh&mdash;Whoa! That's one big robot!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've never seen a model like this before...?
::'''Gilbert:''' Uh... I spend all of my time on the logistics side of things. I don't really get any chances to see an advanced mechanical war machine like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's nothing I can't handle.
::'''Gilbert:''' Y&mdash;You're that confident?
:'''Gilbert:''' So... You're going to fight that thing? I...
:'''Gilbert:''' Ahem... I'm ready! You guys go first. I&mdash;I'll support you from behind!

;(Talk to Dunn)
:'''Dunn:''' Alright, what would you like to chat about?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you also do a bit of rock and roll?
::'''Dunn:''' Haha, it all happened when I was still in cadet school... Although we were reserve officers, we were still students at the end of the day. So we needed some after-school hobbies to spend our excess energy.
::'''Dunn:''' I formed a rock band with a few like-minded friends, which was quite famous in the cadet school back then.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who was in your band?
::'''Dunn:''' Serval, she's our guitarist and lead singer. She was absolutely charming and talented. She totally deserved her position.
::'''Dunn:''' I was her keyboardist... and the two of us always worked quite well together. I always felt like we were... Ahem, nothing.
::'''Dunn:''' The next one is the drummer &mdash; this one will shock you! Do you want to guess who it is? Here's a hint &mdash; they're also a member of the Silvermane Guards.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be Gepard?
:::'''Dunn:''' Uh... he's a high-ranking officer in the Guards for sure, but he doesn't get along with his sister.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be Pela?
:::'''Dunn:''' What a guess! She didn't tell you beforehand, did she?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could it be Cocolia?
:::'''Dunn:''' ...Be careful with your words, outsider!
::'''Dunn:''' The correct answer is Pela. Hard to believe, right? The petite, meticulous intelligence officer is actually a drummer in a rock band... I guess there's too much pressure on the job?
::'''Dunn:''' I heard that Pela and Serval still do band practice and live performances together regularly, just like old times...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There were only three of you in the band?
::'''Dunn:''' No, I remember there was another person... Who was it again? I can't believe it, I actually can't remember who it was...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't a rock band need a bass player?
:::'''Dunn:''' Ah&mdash;yes, yes, the bass player! I just remembered it after hearing it from you. Haha...but what was his name again? Wait, was the bass player a guy or a girl...
:::'''Dunn:''' ...Eh, never mind. I just can't remember. Don't worry about that person, it's not important.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know much about rock bands, sorry.
:::'''Dunn:''' ...Eh, never mind. I just can't remember. Don't worry about that person, it's not important.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You and Serval...
::'''Dunn:''' ...
::'''Dunn:''' It's history already. Sometimes letting go is the best choice...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of job did you do in the military?
::'''Dunn:''' I am responsible for the general management of the support lines in the restricted zone. Munitions, logistics, energy... all of these are under my control.
::'''Dunn:''' I am also responsible for direct communication with the front line. If the front line was breached... my boys and I would have to form the last line of defense to prevent the enemy from infiltrating the city.
::{{DIcon|Return}} That sounds dangerous.
:::'''Dunn:''' Fortunately, we have Captain Gepard... So things like that have never happened.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} That doesn't sound very dangerous.
:::'''Dunn:''' It's all thanks to Captain Gepard... At least so far, there has never been a record of a Fragmentum monster getting out of the restricted zone.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.
::'''Dunn:''' Later!
;(Unused &mdash; M301_ChallengePoint01_BattleLV1_Succ)
;(Enter battle)
:::Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*2; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
:::Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Gunner*2}}
:::Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Silvermane Soldier*1; Silvermane Lieutenant*1; Silvermane Gunner*1}}
----
:'''Gilbert:''' Haha! V&mdash;Victory! This fella might look scary, but he's actually not so tough!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You didn't do anything...
::'''Gilbert:''' How could you say that? I&mdash;It's Combat Basics 101! Support off the battlefield is of equal importance...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well done, Gilbert!
::'''Gilbert:''' What's with the sarcasm? Listen here, i&mdash;it's Combat Basics 101! Support off the battlefield is of equal importance...
:'''Gilbert:''' Come on, let's hurry back and talk to Dunn. We shouldn't keep him waiting.
----

;(Talk to Gilbert)
:'''Gilbert:''' Logistics, logistics, all I do is logistics every day, *sigh*...
:'''Gilbert:''' Get a teenage girl to be the boss, get a 50-year-old geezer to do logistics...
:'''Gilbert:''' Get a 20-year-old boy to be an official, get a 50-year-old geezer to do logistics...
:'''Gilbert:''' *sigh*
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go back and talk to Dunn{{subst:void|<!--301111204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Thanks to, ahem, "your" hard effort, the Malfunctioning Robots have been defeated. Go back to see Dunn and take all the credit.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Dunn)
----
:'''Dunn:''' (Trailblazer), Gilbert, you're back! I received a report from the Guards that your mission was a success.
:'''Gilbert:''' Then... that means my medal of service...
:'''Dunn:''' Of course, old man &mdash; I've already finished the paperwork for your medal's application. We should hear back from them next week or so.
:'''Gilbert:''' R&mdash;Really? That's great...
:'''Gilbert:''' I knew I didn't waste my time taking care of the new generation of soldiers! W&mdash;Well then, I'll return to the logistics unit and wait for the good news from you.
:'''Gilbert:''' ...And thank you as well, youngster. If not for you, I would've been doomed to be a laughingstock...
----
:'''Dunn:''' *sigh* That old man...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's too hard on himself...
::'''Dunn:''' That's what I was thinking. After so many years of being apart, his family would not be concerned with these military accolades.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is his family that judgmental?
::'''Dunn:''' I haven't met his wife or child, but... I think they won't care about whether or not he has a medal.
:'''Dunn:''' But it's not our place to burst his bubble, is it? This is between him and his family.
:'''Dunn:''' Promise me something, (Trailblazer) &mdash; if Gilbert comes to you with another request in the future, do your best to help, okay? He's a good man. I don't want to see him suffer during his last few months of service.
:'''Dunn:''' Oh right, take these. I know you did all the work in taking down that malfunctioning robot. I can't let you leave empty-handed, now can I?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bored to Death
|zhs  = 百无聊赖
|zht  = 百無聊賴
|ja   = 味気ない日々
|ko   = 따분한 나날
|es   = Aburrimiento mortal
|fr   = Ennui mortel
|ru   = Смертельная скука
|th   = เบื่อหน่ายเกินทน
|vi   = Tâm Trạng Chán Chường
|de   = Zu Tode gelangweilt
|id   = Super Bosan
|pt   = Tédio de Matar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
