<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bored to Death#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011111
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Bored to Death.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Gilbert; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Bored to Death''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Gilbert
# Tell Gilbert about your adventures

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Gilbert{{subst:void|<!--301111101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|Gilbert from the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone seems troubled. Go talk to him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gilbert)
:'''Gilbert:''' Ore pack inspection, checked...Weekly armament routine maintenance and cleaning, checked...
:'''Gilbert:''' Another day... *sigh*
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's with the sighing?
::'''Gilbert:''' Alas, it's just another day...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you clean my shoes?
::'''Gilbert:''' ... As the logistics officer of the Guard, I can't believe I am actually laughed at by a young {{MC|f=lady|m=man}} like you, alas...
:'''Gilbert:''' Wait a minute, stop &mdash; who are you? Are you an intruder?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Show Gilbert the restricted zone pass.
:'''Gilbert:''' Oh, so you have a pass... What a pity, I thought I could finally write something special in the letter...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Letter?
::'''Gilbert:''' No, nothing, just pretend you didn't hear it...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What were you going to do if I didn't have a pass?
::'''Gilbert:''' No, I... I didn't intend on doing anything... and I'm not lying to you now.
:'''Gilbert:''' W&mdash;Wait! Hmm... You look young, but your face seems to suggest you are quite experienced. Can you do this old soldier a favor?
:'''Gilbert:''' To tell you the truth, I am only a few months from the end of my service, then I'll be leaving this restricted zone soon. I want to write a letter to tell my wife and daughter the good news, but I really don't know what to write about...
:'''Gilbert:''' I have served in the army for over 20 years, and I have been working in logistics this whole time. I have never been on the front line once. In the first few years, I still thought this job was easy and comfortable, but the longer I stay, the more useless I feel...
:'''Gilbert:''' Well, if you don't mind, can you share some exciting adventures with me? I don't want my daughter to think that her dad is a useless old bum, but my imagination is really limited...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, let me think about it...
:'''Gilbert:''' Really? Thank, thank you, {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}!
:'''Gilbert:''' Where's my paper and pen... ah, here, found it &mdash; okay, we can start when you're ready...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tell Gilbert about your adventures{{subst:void|<!--301111102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone|update|Gilbert is interested in your adventure and wants to write your stories in his letter.<br />This sounds a little weird to you, but sometimes showing off your experience might be joyful.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Gilbert)
:'''Gilbert:''' Have you made up your mind? Let's get started, you speak, I will write it down...
:'''Gilbert:''' Let me think... let's start with a traveling experience? Tell me about any special places you've been to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Outlying Snow Plains...
::'''Gilbert:''' ... Snow Plains? That place is forbidden, and it's a serious crime for ordinary people to leave the city without authorization...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rivet Town in the Underworld...
::'''Gilbert:''' ... The Underworld? No way, no way, the passage between the surface and the underground has been blocked for more than ten years. No one will believe it if I say so...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Blue...
::'''Gilbert:''' ...Where's that? I have never heard of that place. Are you just making it up?
:'''Gilbert:''' *sigh* If I write it as you said, it would be hard even for my family to believe me, right? I'd rather be a little more convincing.
:'''Gilbert:''' Then... Let's talk about something else, do you know how to fight? Although I have served for more than 20 years, I have never been on the front line once, and I am not very good at using weapons.
:'''Gilbert:''' If you have any unforgettable combat experiences, tell me about them...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've fought against Gepard twice...
::'''Gilbert:''' Ge&mdash;Gepard!? The young Captain...?
::'''Gilbert:''' This... Who would believe this? Forget it, I'll just write something a little more realistic.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I fought against a robot named Svarog...
::'''Gilbert:''' Robot? Hmm... it doesn't sound special, I'm often in charge of repairing malfunctioning robots in the Restricted Zone...
::'''Gilbert:''' *sigh* I will just embellish the story a bit.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bronya and I fought to a draw...
::'''Gilbert:''' Bronya? ! Is it the Bronya I am thinking of?
::'''Gilbert:''' This... Who would believe this? Forget it, I'll just write something a little more realistic.
:'''Gilbert:''' I get it now &mdash; have you been playing with me? Do you think this is funny?
:'''Gilbert:''' *sigh* Young people nowadays really have no respect for the elders at all... But then again, without the ideas you mentioned, I'm afraid I won't be able to write this letter until next year.
:'''Gilbert:''' ...Anyway, thanks for stopping by. Here, for your trouble.
:'''Gilbert:''' Lila... Please don't be ashamed of Daddy! *sigh*
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bored to Death
|zhs  = 百无聊赖
|zht  = 百無聊賴
|ja   = 味気ない日々
|ko   = 따분한 나날
|es   = Aburrimiento mortal
|fr   = Ennui mortel
|ru   = Смертельная скука
|th   = เบื่อหน่ายเกินทน
|vi   = Tâm Trạng Chán Chường
|de   = Zu Tode gelangweilt
|id   = Super Bosan
|pt   = Tédio de Matar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
