<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost of the Past#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011607
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost of the Past.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Nervous Man; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Rivet Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Rivet Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost of the Past''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.{{subst:void|<!--301160701-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Rivet Town|Some Silvermane Guard patrols spotted illusory echoes in the Fragmentum who are stuck inside due to unfinished businesses. Help them.<br />The nervous man seems to be plotting something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Nervous Man)
----
----
:The man before you seems rather awkward. His expression is unsettled and nervous. His eyes dart everywhere, yet always return to your bulging pockets.
:You soon realize this man is probably a thief. You feel upset, but also a bit sorry for him &mdash; He probably has no idea what items you are carrying.
:'''Nervous Man:''' ...Hey! {{MC|m=Boy|f=Girl}}, what are you looking at? Nothing to see here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm looking at you being suspicious.
::'''Nervous Man:''' Huh? Suspicious? You're just looking down on me! You just think I look like a thief...
::'''Nervous Man:''' ...Tch, slip of the tongue.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm looking at you being handsome.
::'''Nervous Man:''' Y&mdash;You dare mock me? You just think I look like a thief...
::'''Nervous Man:''' ...Tch, slip of the tongue.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just want to look at you. What about it?
::'''Nervous Man:''' Y&mdash;You're taunting me!? I wanted to swipe something quick then sneak away... But now I have to get tough with you.
:'''Nervous Man:''' Come with me, friends! Don't let this one report us to the Guards!
----
----
:'''Nervous Man:''' *cough*... I just wanted to get some money to keep myself fed, but now I'm all beaten up... {{MC|m=Sir|f=Ma'am}}, you're really violent!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you want money, go find a proper job.
::'''Nervous Man:''' A proper job... Heh. Easier said than done.
::'''Nervous Man:''' Belobog just finished fighting the war, and the outside is all snow and blizzard... It's so tough to earn money.
::'''Nervous Man:''' I have no other way! It would have been okay if I just needed to look after myself, but I ran away from home and now feel bad for my Dad... I need to repay him somehow.
::'''Nervous Man:''' But what you say is right. I should find a proper job. I used to think stealing would make a quick buck, but it's like walking on a tightrope on top of Qlipoth Fort... I'll end up falling to my doom sooner or later.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ran away from home?
:::'''Nervous Man:''' Yeah. I was young, and was convinced I could get a great job under the Minister of Justice, but my Dad disagreed. Then... Then we fought and didn't speak to each other again.
:::'''Nervous Man:''' Then I realized Dad was right &mdash; I'm never gonna be good enough for those kinds of jobs. But I can't just starve, can I? So I begged and asked everyone to give me a job...
:::'''Nervous Man:''' But the world is way too hard. I couldn't find a suitable job at all... So, I had to become a thief. I mail my Dad some money every month under the pretense of working for Belobog's heating system.
:::'''Nervous Man:''' I did feel bad at first, and I felt it was dishonorable to be a thief. But I had bills to pay and I got used to this life... *sigh*.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can't lie forever.
::::'''Nervous Man:''' You are right. I can't continue like this anymore &mdash; If my Dad ever finds out, I would never be able to face him again.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave the past behind and start over.
::::'''Nervous Man:''' Definitely! I can't continue like this anymore &mdash; If my Dad ever finds out, I would never be able to face him again.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then leave the past behind and start over.
:::'''Nervous Man:''' Definitely! I can't continue like this anymore &mdash; If my Dad ever finds out, I would never be able to face him again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have the guts to try justifying your actions?
::'''Nervous Man:''' I&mdash;I didn't say anything! I won't... I won't do it again! I promise! I'll go get a proper job, I'll never steal or rob or lie ever again...
::The man before you lowers his head in defeat, and starts to sob in anger and frustration.
::After a while, the hoarse sobbing dissipates together with the man's form.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost of the Past
|zhs  = 过去之灵
|zht  = 過去之靈
|ja   = 過去の霊
|ko   = 과거의 영혼
|es   = Un fantasma del pasado
|fr   = Fantôme du passé
|ru   = Призрак прошлого
|th   = วิญญาณจากอดีต
|vi   = Linh Hồn Xưa Cũ
|de   = Geist aus der Vergangenheit
|id   = Hantu dari Masa Lalu
|pt   = Fantasma do Passado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
