<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost of the Past#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011610
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost of the Past.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Dying Silvermane Guard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Corridor of Fading Echoes]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Corridor of Fading Echoes
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost of the Past''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.{{subst:void|<!--301161001-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Corridor of Fading Echoes|Some Silvermane Guard patrols spotted illusory echoes in the Fragmentum who are stuck inside due to unfinished businesses. Help them.<br />The dying Silvermane Guard wants to say something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Dying Silvermane Guard)
:'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Ahh... Who is there? Is it you, captain?
:'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' I can't see anything... Is my helmet covered with something?
:'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Where... are my legs? I can't feel... *barfs*...
:A guard leans against the wall, looking as if his time had come. If the Fragmentum can replicate scents, then you should have smelled the thick tang of iron after that wretched barf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop talking! Hang in there!
::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Captain... I... I know my time has come...
::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Can you tell me... How was I on the battlefield?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You were brave.
:::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Brave... My father and... mother... will they be proud of me?
:::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' I'll never know... I can't... go back now...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be silly. You will be fine!
:::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Haha... Another joke of yours...
:::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' I... I can't...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Look at him in silence.)
::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Captain... captain...
::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' Voice... I can't hear your voice... Where are you?
::'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' I... can't hold on anymore...
:'''Dying Silvermane Guard:''' I... I'm sorry...
:The poor guard stops making a sound. You gently place his body into a sitting position and put his battle-hardened spear into his arms, trying to give him a respectable funeral worthy of a warrior.
:You salute him in the most ceremonial way you know. As if in response to you, his body, made by the Fragmentum, shatters and returns to dust in an instant.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost of the Past
|zhs  = 过去之灵
|zht  = 過去之靈
|ja   = 過去の霊
|ko   = 과거의 영혼
|es   = Un fantasma del pasado
|fr   = Fantôme du passé
|ru   = Призрак прошлого
|th   = วิญญาณจากอดีต
|vi   = Linh Hồn Xưa Cũ
|de   = Geist aus der Vergangenheit
|id   = Hantu dari Masa Lalu
|pt   = Fantasma do Passado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
