<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost of the Past#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011602
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost of the Past.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Stern Silvermane Guard; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Backwater Pass]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Backwater Pass
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost of the Past''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.{{subst:void|<!--301160201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Backwater Pass|Some Silvermane Guard patrols spotted illusory echoes in the Fragmentum who are stuck inside due to unfinished businesses. Help them.<br />The stern Silvermane Guard mistook you for a thief...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Stern Silvermane Guard)
----
----
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' You! That's right, you! Don't you run away this time!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you?
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' You pretending to be dumb? Everyone knows you've been stealing things left and right!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is this? Are you trying to start a fight?
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' You've got guts, little thief! Not only do you steal all day, you're also trying to resist arrest?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop. Just stop...
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' What are you talking about? Theft isn't a serious crime. I won't go tough on you if you don't resist arrest.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what you're talking about.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't steal anything. You've got the wrong person.
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Alright, enough yapping. Just give it up already! I'm telling you, if you admit to your crimes, the Minister of Justice may even let you go!
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' But if you insist on resisting arrest... then I may have to go tough on you!
----
----
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' How can it be...!? I&mdash;I need to call for support...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I told you, you've got the wrong person.
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' No way! You're the only one on the road. Who else would it be...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where are you going to get other Guards in the Fragmentum?
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' What? Fragmentum? What are you talking about...
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Wait. Are you saying...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're trapped in the past.
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' I &mdash; How? What do you mean, trapped in the past?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Put it simply... You are now a ghost.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is the Belobog of the past.
:::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' This is the Belobog of the past? You mean, you're from the future? No, that's not right...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're now merely an echo in the Fragmentum.
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' I &mdash; But how? What Fragmentum? What echo?
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' Are you saying that I... I'm dead?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can think of it that way, yes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Remain Silent)
::'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' ...Please say something. Is that true?
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' That's... That can't be real...
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' What about my brothers-in-arms? Boss Goethe? Madam Alisa? There's no way Madam Alisa would be dead!
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' She... She led us to victory against the monsters from the sky! Even the monsters couldn't hurt her... How could she die?
:'''Stern Silvermane Guard:''' And if everyone is dead... If the people I swore to protect are all gone... Then why am I still protecting this street?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.DestroyNPC",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 67
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:As the Guard mutters to himself, he gradually turns to dust and dissipates into the empty Fragmentum.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost of the Past
|zhs  = 过去之灵
|zht  = 過去之靈
|ja   = 過去の霊
|ko   = 과거의 영혼
|es   = Un fantasma del pasado
|fr   = Fantôme du passé
|ru   = Призрак прошлого
|th   = วิญญาณจากอดีต
|vi   = Linh Hồn Xưa Cũ
|de   = Geist aus der Vergangenheit
|id   = Hantu dari Masa Lalu
|pt   = Fantasma do Passado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
