<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost of the Past#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011603
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost of the Past.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Crying Kid; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Backwater Pass]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Backwater Pass
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost of the Past''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.{{subst:void|<!--301160301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Backwater Pass|Some Silvermane Guard patrols spotted illusory echoes in the Fragmentum who are stuck inside due to unfinished businesses. Help them.<br />The crying kid got lost when traveling with his parents...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Crying Kid)
:'''Crying Kid:''' *sob*... *sniffle*...
:'''Crying Kid:''' Mom, Dad... Where did you go...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's wrong?
::'''Crying Kid:''' *sob*... I'm waiting for my Mom and Dad...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's very dangerous here. You should head home.
::'''Crying Kid:''' *sob*... But... Mom and Dad aren't back yet...
:'''Crying Kid:''' Mom and Dad said they'll just be gone for a little bit... They'll be back in a flash...
:'''Crying Kid:''' They said... I should be a good kid and wait for them here... But they're still not back...
:'''Crying Kid:''' Don't Mom and Dad... want me anymore...?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your Mom and Dad aren't around anymore.
::'''Crying Kid:''' Aren't around... What does that mean?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You... don't belong to this world anymore.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're... stuck in the past.
::'''Crying Kid:''' What does that mean...?
::'''Crying Kid:''' I don't get it... I just started grade school. I don't understand a lot of things...
::'''Crying Kid:''' Did my Mom and Dad... throw me away?
::'''Crying Kid:''' No... No! I'm scared!
::The child before you starts to wail. As you bend down and try to pat her head in comfort, you see your fingers go through her small figure.
::Then, this tiny echo trapped in the Fragmentum scatters into particles of light and disappears.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I saw them. They said...
::'''Crying Kid:''' You saw my Mom and Dad? What did they say?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They'll be back soon. Just wait right here.
:::'''Crying Kid:''' *sob* O&mdash;Okay...
:::'''Crying Kid:''' I'll... I'll stay here. I won't go anywhere...
:::The child before you starts to wail. As you bend down and try to pat her head in comfort, you see your fingers go through her small figure.
:::Then, this tiny echo trapped in the Fragmentum scatters into particles of light and disappears.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They're waiting for you at the entrance of the shopping street.
:::'''Crying Kid:''' *sob* O&mdash;Okay...
:::'''Crying Kid:''' I&mdash;I'll go find Mom and Dad! Thank you!
:::{{Black Screen|The child before you wipes her tears away and runs toward the direction you pointed to as if her parents are indeed waiting for her, as if these foregone streets sculpted by the Fragmentum indeed still exist.}}
:::{{Black Screen|You watch as this tiny echo trapped in the Fragmentum dives between the alleyways, then fades into scattered particles of light.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost of the Past
|zhs  = 过去之灵
|zht  = 過去之靈
|ja   = 過去の霊
|ko   = 과거의 영혼
|es   = Un fantasma del pasado
|fr   = Fantôme du passé
|ru   = Призрак прошлого
|th   = วิญญาณจากอดีต
|vi   = Linh Hồn Xưa Cũ
|de   = Geist aus der Vergangenheit
|id   = Hantu dari Masa Lalu
|pt   = Fantasma do Passado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
