<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ghost of the Past#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011601
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Ghost of the Past.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Senior at Leisure; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Backwater Pass]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Backwater Pass
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Ghost of the Past''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Solve the Fragmentum echoes' predicaments and release them from their problems.{{subst:void|<!--301160101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Backwater Pass|Some Silvermane Guard patrols spotted illusory echoes in the Fragmentum who are stuck inside due to unfinished businesses. Help them.<br />The leisurely senior wants to fix his phone...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Senior at Leisure)
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Oh? It's rare to see someone walking down this street.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's rare to see someone walking down this street.
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' Oho, then you must be a regular to this commercial street, too.
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' I take my strolls around here, but I've never seen you before.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you scared?
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' Haha, it's just a small commercial street. What's there to be scared about?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's dangerous to be in the Fragmentum!
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' Fragmentum? I don't know what you're talking about, but I'll be careful. Thank you, kid.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a stubborn old man.
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' Haha, I'll head back early if you insist.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' I may look old and useless now, but I once fought on the battlefield with Madam Alisa... Nothing will faze me.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Besides, I'm old now. I don't get surprised anymore.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Hmm, I do have a gadget with me from before the war. It can help us talk to people across the skies and memorialize your surroundings in images. Pity it's broken now, and no one knows how to fix it anymore...
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Kiddo, what you have in your hand looks similar to my gadget &mdash; Can I please ask you to give a good look at this thing?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Thank you, kid. I hope this won't take a lot of your time.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ReleaseCharacter",
	"CharacterUniqueName": "Old_301160104"
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.CaptureLocalPlayer",
	"CharacterUniqueName": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Ohoho... Amazing! I didn't think my old bones would live to see this light up again... This old one will show you my treasure as a reward.
:The old man's wrinkled fingers shake as they glide over the display, calling up a program that seems to be an album.
:All the images in the album show a loving young couple and an adorable child. The only differences between the images are composition and people's pose.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Look, kid. This is my family, and this is my wife... That was the happiest period of my life.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' But my wife left me early... My son thought I was a bother in my old age and went off to work somewhere else.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you mean, your wife left you?
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' You know about the Eternal Freeze, right? She got sick from the cold and didn't make it through.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you still in contact with your son?
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' At first, I couldn't find him at all. Then I got his contact number from a relative and got back in touch, haha.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' My son had wanted to become a judge, but these are bad times &mdash; He had to settle with a position in Belobog's heating system and make a living that way.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' I periodically get letters from the Bank of Belobog... Those seem to be money sent to me by my son, hahaha.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He's a good son.
::'''Senior at Leisure:''' Yes, a good son...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Has he ever considered moving back here to live with you?
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' *sigh* Honestly, instead of receiving money, I did dream about living with him. That might be better for me, but it will affect his job, so I didn't push for it.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' ...Let's stop here. I'm sorry for taking so much of your time. I must thank you for fixing this gadget.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Thank you, kid... Thank you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're welcome. Please take care.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Ah! Wait. Kid...
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' I want to ask... Are you going to be here every day at this time?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Yes, I will.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...No, I won't.
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Hahaha, I see...
:'''Senior at Leisure:''' Take care of yourself as well.
:{{Black Screen|As you turn to leave, you try to get one last look at the old man, but he is already nowhere to be found.}}

;(Talk to Senior at Leisure)


;(Talk to Senior at Leisure)

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ghost of the Past
|zhs  = 过去之灵
|zht  = 過去之靈
|ja   = 過去の霊
|ko   = 과거의 영혼
|es   = Un fantasma del pasado
|fr   = Fantôme du passé
|ru   = Призрак прошлого
|th   = วิญญาณจากอดีต
|vi   = Linh Hồn Xưa Cũ
|de   = Geist aus der Vergangenheit
|id   = Hantu dari Masa Lalu
|pt   = Fantasma do Passado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
