<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Grinding in the Dark#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011501
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Grinding in the Dark.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Bova; Bova & Rossy; Old Goethe; Regin; Rossy; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Hotel Lobby]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Hotel Lobby
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Grinding in the Dark''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Old Goethe
# Find Rossy in the Hotel Lobby
# Report back to Old Goethe

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Old Goethe{{subst:void|<!--301150101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Hotel Lobby|Old Goethe is usually very chatty, and you have never seen him speak so enigmatically before... Your curiosity is totally piqued by this mysterious old man and his secrets when he casually lets slip hints of his connection with a secret society.<br />Complete his assignment and find the truth!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Old Goethe)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501028701-->)
::'''Old Goethe:''' Hello! Welcome to the Goethe Hotel!
::'''Old Goethe:''' Are you staying with us? Or would you like to try our special afternoon tea?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here as I was attracted by the hotel's fame.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' The hotel has just been here for a long time and it became a bit famous in Belobog.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Make yourself at home. Feel free to take a tour, as long as you are not interrupting the other guests.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am only passing by. I'll have a look around.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' I happen to have some free time. If you don't mind, you can chat with me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to reserve a room.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure, please register at the reception.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to try your afternoon tea.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Oh, it's on the sides of the lobby. Find yourself a sofa and take a seat. I'll arrange it.
::'''Old Goethe:''' This is where I grew up. I wouldn't say that I know all about the Administrative District. But I do know the history and goings-on around these parts fairly well.
::'''Old Goethe:''' Just let me know if you are interested.
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501028701-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501028736,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
::'''Old Goethe:''' It's you. You're not here for sightseeing, are you? Are you here to stay or for our afternoon tea? Or did you come here to chat with me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to reserve a room.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure, please register at the reception.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' This is where I grew up. I wouldn't say that I know all about the Administrative District. But I do know the history and goings-on around these parts fairly well.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Just let me know if you are interested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to try your afternoon tea.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Oh, it's on the sides of the lobby. Find yourself a sofa and take a seat. I'll arrange it.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' This is where I grew up. I wouldn't say that I know all about the Administrative District. But I do know the history and goings-on around these parts fairly well.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Just let me know if you are interested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to chat with you.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure. I'm usually quite free. I'd love to have a chat with someone.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' What do you want to chat about?
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_5010287_21)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask...
::'''Old Goethe:''' Sure! Answering the guests' questions is a way to show your hospitality.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Old Goethe and Goethe Hotel...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Oh, that's what you're interested in? Goethe is my family name and Goethe Hotel is my family business. Well, it all began a long, long time ago.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' The Goethe family used to be prosperous. My ancestors invested in many industries. Unfortunately, due to poor economics, our family declined. Frustrated, my ancestors sold all of their properties and moved to the Underworld.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Luckily later on another ancestor from my family started empty-handed and revived our family business. Once again, Goethe Hotel was moved back to the Overworld.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you received any special guests?
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Well, it depends on how you define special guest. Many guests have stayed with us. Indeed there are a lot of stories.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' For example, a lady from a rich family escaped her wedding and jumped out of the window on the second floor in her pajamas. No one ever heard from her since...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' There was a couple who were theater celebrities. They appeared as though they were in love but they stayed in different rooms when they were here for their honeymoon...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' And there was a lady who would always stay in a single room when her family was at work. She was always drawing in her room. And she would cry every time she finished drawing. I wonder what she's been through...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' It happens a lot in our industry. We always encounter weird things, especially when we've been in the industry for a long enough time.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any recommendations on food around here?
:::'''Old Goethe:''' Haha, I'm not trying to brag, but our afternoon tea is a specialty of Belobog.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' There are a few desserts that only we can make. You can't eat them anywhere else in the Administrative District. Many young people visit us during holidays. Sometimes people have to line up.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any recommendation on sightseeing around here?
:::'''Old Goethe:''' I'd recommend the Western District, which is known for its artistic atmosphere. The Golden Theater is right there. You'll find everything from celebrities to merchandise.
:::'''Old Goethe:''' But be careful, don't go on their premiere day. For example, shows with many fans like ''Beneath the White Cloak'' and ''Stardust Rose'' will make the area totally over-crowded...
:::'''Old Goethe:''' It's best to drive there. If you don't have a car... Alisa Avenue is right outside the hotel. You can take a tram or walk there along the track.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any other questions.

;(Talk to Regin)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is the subject of your research?
::'''Regin:''' Fine, I'll show you some basics: Do you know that light is a particle?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do.
:::'''Regin:''' Good. So you are not completely ignorant.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Regin:''' Hardly a surprise. I knew I had to dumb things down for you people to understand.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is that so?
:::'''Regin:''' Of course. Now let's not get ahead of ourselves.
::'''Regin:''' All you need to know is that light is a particle. Terms like wave theory or duality might be too complicated for you. My point is: Particles carry information. Are you with me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Really?
:::'''Regin:''' Why would I fool you?
::'''Regin:''' Light as a particle carries information. Building on that, if I am exposed to light, I am exposed to information. My big universe time tunnel theory holds that the universe consists of multiple interconnected entities that are running in parallel.
::'''Regin:''' Say if in one universe I came up with ways to send messages and my "doppelganger" in another universe knew how to interpret those messages, it means, according to my theory...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That you can interpret messages sent from another universe!
:::'''Regin:''' Yes, yes, well I'm trying to explain things in layman's terms. The real mechanism behind this is far more complicated...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That you can get research funding!
:::'''Regin:''' Yes, yes, well I'm trying to explain things in layman's terms. The real mechanism behind this is far more complicated...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you come up with that stuff?
::'''Regin:''' Let me remind you: The theory I'm proposing is called big universe time tunnel!
::'''Regin:''' Ah yes, big universe... my life work, my child! It all started two years ago when I was struck by this wonderful idea while having a meal. I knew from the very beginning that this is going to be the biggest discovery of our time!
::'''Regin:''' The world will be left in awe when my time tunnel is completed!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you really a scientist?
::'''Regin:''' Of course I am! What kind of question is that! Those jealous old nerds and hags in Belobog's academic circle refuse to recognize me only because my revolutionary findings will make them look useless.
::'''Regin:''' Geomarrow always rises to the top, it is just a matter of time before a talented scientist such as myself receives proper funding for my research. Alas, I have always been waiting for a patron to come along. It is painful to see my talent go unnoticed...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you not receive academic training?
::'''Regin:''' That just goes to show how ill-informed you are about the science community today. What can you learn from a bunch of self-righteous nerds who fight tooth and nail for money and power?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you are self-taught?
::'''Regin:''' Find it hard to believe? One day, the world will tremble before my big universe time tunnel! You'll see.
::'''Regin:''' And my name, Regin, will go down history as the greatest civilian scientist!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's call it a day.

;(Talk to Rossy)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501027001-->)
::'''Rossy:''' *sigh* Have you read today's ''Crystal Daily''? What kind of news is that!? If the media keeps going on like this, Belobog will eventually be doomed!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you talking to me?
:::'''Rossy:''' Of course. Who else would I be talking to? Do I look like someone who talks to himself in the street? It's not like I'm old man Dominic.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What does that have to do with me?
:::'''Rossy:''' We share a home. It's called Belobog. How can you call yourself a citizen of Belobog if you don't even care about the news in our city?
::'''Rossy:''' Look at the front page of the ''Crystal Daily''. The content that the newspaper puts out is just junk, tabloid-level stuff. What's going on in their heads? Can you really put this stuff on the front page? I'm about to blow a gasket here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have to make it sound so extreme.
:::'''Rossy:''' I bet you're not someone who follows the news. Anyone who is ambitious should pay attention to the world and think more, like I do. That way they can contribute to the development of Belobog!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sure seem to have plenty of time on your hands.
:::'''Rossy:''' Hey, I'm making a reasonable suggestion, alright? Belobog is getting better because of people like me &mdash; people who keep offering their insight!
::'''Rossy:''' Hmm, you really don't know anything. How about I give you a lecture right now!
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501027001-->)
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501027048,
	"KeepDisplay": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find Rossy in the Hotel Lobby{{subst:void|<!--301150102-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 19,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 301150201
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 3,
			"GroupNpcID": 400011,
			"TalkSentenceID": 301150202
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Bova:''' I'm so annoyed &mdash; Where are you trying to go, boy!?
:'''Rossy:''' I&mdash;I'm going to do volunteer work!
:'''Rossy:''' Seriously... I'm not a child anymore! You can't tell me what to do all the time. It's not like I'm gonna go read that Tales series...
:'''Bova:''' Ha, I knew it! You're just trying to find a spot to read that banned book!
:'''Bova & Rossy:''' Ha, you're here at a good time! Come and tell me what you think about my son's actions!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm from the Society.
::'''Rossy:''' Oh, thank goodness! Finally, someone on my side...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll pass. Every family has its own problems.
::'''Bova:''' *cough* You're right. I... I shouldn't let you see this debacle between my son and I. Go ahead and leave. We can deal with this ourselves.
::'''Rossy:''' Hey! Wait! Don't go! I saw you came from the hotel's reception desk... Did you talk to Old Goethe?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I'm from the Society.
:::'''Rossy:''' Oh, thank goodness! Finally, someone on my side...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't. Don't jump to conclusions.
:::'''Rossy:''' Oh, who cares &mdash; You are helping me whether you like it or not! Is the Society asking me to do volunteer work? Dad, see? I told you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Keep arguing. I'm just here to watch.
::'''Rossy:''' Hey, wait! I&mdash;I know you're here to find people for the Society!
::'''Rossy:''' I'm coming. I'm coming &mdash; Hurry and take me away. Quickly!
:'''Bova:''' What society? Did you join some shady organization, boy?
:'''Rossy:''' No no no, I told you I'm going to do volunteer work! This Society, it's...
:'''Rossy:''' Um, it's...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a volunteer group!
::'''Rossy:''' Yes, a volunteer group!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's the book club for ''Tale of the Winterlands''!
::'''Bova:''' Rossy! You keep denying this, but I caught you in the act!
::'''Rossy:''' Huh... Wait, no! We are a volunteer group &mdash; We volunteer and do good deeds!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What exactly do we do?
::'''Bova:''' What do you do? Spell it out!
::'''Rossy:''' Hey, don't make it worse! We are a volunteer group &mdash; We volunteer and do good deeds!
:'''Bova:''' ...
:'''Bova:''' Could it be true...?
:'''Rossy:''' Oh, come on, do you think I'm lying? I may talk trash, but I've never lied to you.
:'''Bova:''' Tsk... Never mind. I'll believe you this once!
:'''Rossy:''' Hehe, well this is as good as done. Thank you, dad!
----
:'''Rossy:''' Um... You are (Trailblazer), right? Thank you for helping me out. If you know Old Goethe, can you tell him what happened? Tell him I'll see him later.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem.
::'''Rossy:''' Hehe, thank you!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It depends on my mood...
::'''Bova:''' Alright, I'll listen to you! You helped me so much...
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Report back to Old Goethe{{subst:void|<!--301150104-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Grinding in the Dark
|zhs  = 躬耕于黑暗
|zht  = 躬耕於黑暗
|ja   = 闇に生きる
|ko   = 우리는 어둠 속에서 움직인다
|es   = Trabajo en las sombras
|fr   = Travailler dans l'ombre
|ru   = Мы действуем во тьме
|th   = ทำงานในความมืด
|vi   = Cày Trong Bóng Tối
|de   = Arbeit im Dunkeln
|id   = Bekerja dalam Kegelapan
|pt   = Grindando na Escuridão
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
