<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Meals Are More Important#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000705
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Meals Are More Important.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = 
* [[Daily Mission]] ''[[Meals Are More Important]]'' completed
* [[Daily Mission]] ''[[Meals Are More Important]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Maintenance Engineer; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Base Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Base Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Meals Are More Important''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}


;(Talk to Maintenance Engineer)
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Back again, (Trailblazer)? Aren't the robots fixed already?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard the after-sales services sent staff over?
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Yes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, did you fix those robots?
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Of course, I did. Did you think the Wubbaboo fixed them?
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Why are you asking? Oh, I get it... No, I didn't slack off...
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Lead Researcher Asta bought a new batch of robots, and that's why the Interastral Peace Appliances folks came.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' But I fixed the robots already, so this new batch is now our backup.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It appears I've misjudged you.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Not to worry. It's just a misunderstanding.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're pretty efficient then.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Totally!
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Anyways, it's all fixed, and everyone can eat on time! I need to catch some rest myself. It's been pretty exhausting lately!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Meals Are More Important
|zhs  = 吃饭要紧
|zht  = 吃飯要緊
|ja   = 食事は大事
|ko   = 끼니는 중요하지
|es   = La comida es muy importante
|fr   = L'aile et la cuisse
|ru   = Главное - еда
|th   = มื้ออาหารใครว่าไม่สำคัญ
|vi   = Ăn Uống Quan Trọng
|de   = Mahlzeiten sind wichtiger
|id   = Makan Itu Penting
|pt   = Refeições São Muito Importantes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
