<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Meals Are More Important#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000701
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Meals Are More Important.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Hamstrung Researcher; Hungry Researcher; Maintenance Engineer; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Meals Are More Important''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Speak with the researchers
# Ask the maintenance engineer about the meal-delivery robot
# Find the missing parts of the meal-delivery robot
# Give the parts to the maintenance engineer

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with the researchers{{subst:void|<!--300070101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|You hear an argument among the researchers on the space station, go and check out what the matter is.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|!}} Listen
:'''Hungry Researcher:''' Where's our food!? Don't waste our time! We need to do research!
:'''Hungry Researcher:''' Seriously, I need to work on my Curio report.
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' We're trying to figure it out...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's happening here?
:'''Hungry Researcher:''' A robot delivers our meals here, but it's late. We've been waiting for ages.
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' Don't worry. We've got people coming over with the food. No one will go hungry here.
:'''Hungry Researcher:''' It's one thing to eat late, but you need to figure out what exactly happened with the robots so this won't happen again!
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' Leave it to us. We'll get to the bottom of it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Something happened with the robots?
::'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' We use robots to deliver meals, but recently they keep failing the deliveries.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Robots can cook?
::'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' No, our Service Department makes the meals. The robots just deliver them.
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' Those robots were fine just before, but suddenly they've all broken down.
:'''Hungry Researcher:''' Thank goodness I brought some nutrient gel with me today. Otherwise, I'd have fainted from an empty stomach.
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' I just got a message that the food is here. Please go and have something to eat, everyone.
----
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' You're (Trailblazer), right? Please, can I have a word with you?
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' I've asked maintenance to check on the robots, but they never replied.
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' I'm too busy to leave my post right now. Are you able to go and see what's going on?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I say no?
::'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' Please... I need your help on this...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake. You chose the right person for the job.
::'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' Thank you so much.
:'''Hamstrung Researcher:''' I'm so sorry to trouble you!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask the maintenance engineer about the meal-delivery robot{{subst:void|<!--300070102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Base Zone|update|The meal-delivery robot malfunctioned, but the Service Department staff member is indisposed, so you are tasked to ask the maintenance engineer about it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Maintenance Engineer)
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' What do you need? If you want anything fixed, put in an application through the terminal.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Ask him about the robots)
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Oh, you mean the maglev robots. To be honest, they're actually giving me a big headache.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' I've wanted to take them apart for ages and see what's wrong... But it's a good thing I haven't done that, otherwise they'd void their warranty.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why aren't you taking them apart? Aren't you the engineer?
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Yes, but this thing is special!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Void their warranty"?
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Yes! This thing is still in its warranty period!
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Lead Researcher Asta bought these robots with her own money. They are all custom-made and cost a lot.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' I'd have taken them apart ages ago if they were some ordinary gadgets, but the manual says&mdash;
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' "Should the product be tampered with, it will no longer be under warranty from the Interastral Peace Appliances' Service Center."
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' This thing is so expensive &mdash; and it's a gift from the lead researcher. Of course I don't dare to just take it apart! I better wait for their support services to turn up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just pocket change. Asta won't mind.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Seriously? You better not be kidding.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the other researchers meant to do, then? Just keep waiting for their food?
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Um, the Service Department should be able to handle it?
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' You're right. Lemme see... There's damage on the base, so some parts might have fallen out. As for where they might've gone... maybe on the meal delivery route the robots take?
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Could you please help me see if there are any loose parts around the robots' route?
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the missing parts of the meal-delivery robot{{subst:void|<!--300070107-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Storage Zone|update|The maintenance engineer's initial estimate is that a loose part that fell off the meal-delivery robot. Collect the part for him and return to verify whether his guess is correct.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the parts to the maintenance engineer{{subst:void|<!--300070106-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Maintenance Engineer)
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Oh, you're back! How is it? Did you find any parts?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake. You chose the right person for the job.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' This fits the outline of the crack on the base. That means my hypothesis is right. I'll get to fixing it right away!
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Thank goodness you're here, (Trailblazer). You were a big help!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Meals Are More Important
|zhs  = 吃饭要紧
|zht  = 吃飯要緊
|ja   = 食事は大事
|ko   = 끼니는 중요하지
|es   = La comida es muy importante
|fr   = L'aile et la cuisse
|ru   = Главное - еда
|th   = มื้ออาหารใครว่าไม่สำคัญ
|vi   = Ăn Uống Quan Trọng
|de   = Mahlzeiten sind wichtiger
|id   = Makan Itu Penting
|pt   = Refeições São Muito Importantes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
