<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Mole#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011013
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Mole.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Antonia; Balaway; Elaine; Fidora; Gertie; Julian; Maxime; Oleg; Tanya; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Operation Mole''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Julian
# Go to the secret gathering place
# Deliver the supplies to Fidora at the Robot Settlement
# Deliver the supplies to Gertie at Boulder Town
# Talk to Julian

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Julian{{subst:void|<!--301101301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|Julian of the Moles is looking around here, as if planning something... Should you talk to him?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' Honorary member (Trailblazer), here!
:'''Julian:''' Hehe, I bumped into you again! You always show up at the right time. This is just perfect.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you been stalking me?
::'''Julian:''' Wh&mdash;What are you talking about? You can't just say things like that without any proof...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Captain, what can I do for you?
::'''Julian:''' At ease, honorary member! Let me tell you the details...
:'''Julian:''' I got news from my informant that Wildfire received a large number of delivery orders today, and has been overwhelmed by the workload.
:'''Julian:''' According to my wise judgment, this is a good opportunity for The Moles, (Trailblazer)! If we can deliver all the orders that they can't handle in time...
:'''Julian:''' ...Then the goal of The Moles Reinvigoration Plan might be achieved ahead of schedule, isn't it great?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have an addiction to package delivery...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Healthy competition is always good.
:'''Julian:''' Hmm, you seem to like saying strange things... You think I won't understand just because I'm a kid?
:'''Julian:''' Alright alright, that's enough chat. Time to go to Wildfire's turf and gather some intel!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the secret gathering place{{subst:void|<!--301101302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|The sneaky Julian makes you join him. Go to the "Wildfire" gathering place to see what happened.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|!}} Operation Mole
----
:'''Julian:''' Look, honorary member! There is no one here today. We are in luck!
:'''Julian:''' Let me see, there are two boxes of supplies to be delivered to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Robot Settlement}} and {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Goethe Grand Hotel}} separately...
:'''Julian:''' Well, the grown-ups from Wildfire always waste a lot of time deciding which one to deliver first &mdash; so if we can make these two deliveries quickly, it would mean The Moles can achieve what Wildfire can't... right?
:'''Julian:''' Great, (Trailblazer), we gotta get this done! Take both boxes of supplies, and you can decide which one to deliver first!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Deliver the supplies to Fidora at the Robot Settlement{{subst:void|<!--301101303-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Robot Settlement|update|To help Julian with his Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, you must quickly deliver this box of supplies to Fidora at the Robot Settlement.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Fidora)
----
:'''Fidora:''' Huh? What's wrong? Why do you look so anxious? And this kid, why do you come to the settlement...
:'''Julian:''' We are here to deliver these goods! (Trailblazer), give Fidora her supplies.
:'''Fidora:''' Ah &mdash; these are the mechanical parts I ordered earlier! I didn't expect these to be delivered so quickly. Wildfire is really efficient.
:'''Julian:''' It's not Wildfire! It's The Moles!
:'''Julian:''' Keep this in mind &mdash; The Moles is the best organization in the Underworld! Boss Hook will make sure all your needs are satisfied!
:'''Fidora:''' The Moles... Boss Hook? Hmm, is this some kind of kid's game?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just play along...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can't badmouth The Moles like that!
:'''Fidora:''' ...Ahem, I see, I take back what I just said.
:'''Fidora:''' Thank you so much! If I encounter any problems in the future, I will definitely remember to ask The Moles for help.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Deliver the supplies to Gertie at Boulder Town{{subst:void|<!--301101304-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|To help Julian with his Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, you must quickly deliver this box of supplies to Gertie at Boulder Town.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Elaine)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Any place worth visiting underground?
::'''Elaine:''' Worth visiting? Let me think...
::'''Elaine:''' The Goethe Grand Hotel probably. And then it's the Fight Club.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the Goethe Grand Hotel.
:::'''Elaine:''' The Goethe Grand Hotel is right there. It's fancy, isn't it? After all, this is the Goethe family's first shop in the Underworld. It's the main store in Belobog!
:::'''Elaine:''' Gertie is the owner of the hotel and also my master. Not sure if you've met her...
:::'''Elaine:''' She's a great cook. You should try the food she makes.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the Fight Club.
:::'''Elaine:''' The Fight Club... it's said that there are professional boxers fighting and monsters everyday... it's especially lively at night.
:::'''Elaine:''' But I don't like those. They scare me... I've never been there. I only heard this from other people. I'm sorry.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Return}} I see. Thank you.
:::'''Elaine:''' No worries! Although the Underworld is not as fancy as the Overworld, I hope you'll enjoy your time here!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to catch olms?
::'''Elaine:''' Hmm... because they are delicious?
::'''Elaine:''' It may sound funny but it's true. Olms are a common food in the Underworld. Many people would buy them for cooking.
::'''Elaine:''' Speaking of which, make sure you try the Iron Pot Braised Olm at the Goethe Grand Hotel.
::'''Elaine:''' I can assure you, that is the most delicious olm dish in the Underworld!
::'''Elaine:''' Ahhh... it makes me drool whenever I think of the crispy puff and the juicy olm meat. Master Gertie is such a wonderful cook...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you take any side jobs?
::'''Elaine:''' Well... I do. I will grab a net to catch olms after work...
::'''Elaine:''' However, I don't think I'm making any money. I usually can only catch two or three. When I try to sell them, I am told the price of olm has dropped...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you ever tried any other part-time job than catching olms?
::'''Elaine:''' Well... I did, actually quite a few.
::'''Elaine:''' But I only tried once or twice... In the end I realize the other jobs are more tiring than catching olms. Also, I'm not making much more money...
::'''Elaine:''' But catching olms is already not very profitable! I really don't get it... am I just unlucky? *sob*
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I shouldn't keep you. Best of luck.

;(Talk to Antonia)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard that the mine hasn't been peaceful lately.
::'''Antonia:''' Yes. As you saw last time in the mine, it's been a bit chaotic... but it will end. The vagrants will stop messing around sooner or later.
::'''Antonia:''' After all, they've got mouths to feed. If they really got rid of all the professional mining teams, those hooligans won't be able to make a living.
::'''Antonia:''' They are well aware of this, which is why they have never crossed the line. A small reward goes a long way with them. I just didn't expect the news to get all the way to Svarog this time...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you recruited some of the vagrants into the mining team.
::'''Antonia:''' Well, how should I put it...? Life isn't easy. If Boulder Town also gets eroded by the Fragmentum, we will have to find another livelihood. Who wouldn't want some help at a time like that?
::'''Antonia:''' But the old miners have their own ideas. They think the vagrants have made a mess of the mining team... and the vagrants aren't happy with their payment and feel that they've lost freedom... In the end, neither side is happy.
::'''Antonia:''' But I know what I am doing. This minor setback will not change my mind. Don't worry about it.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you have any recommendations for activities in the underground?
::'''Antonia:''' The Fight Club is quite popular. But personally, I wouldn't pay a shield for that kind of cheap show. It's vulgar and low-class.
::'''Antonia:''' There is a restaurant, the one owned by Gertie. The food there is quite good... so long as Gertie doesn't come up with some weird recipes on a whim...
::'''Antonia:''' Also, I heard there will be a rap concert where the vagrants are? I don't know how to appreciate that kind of thing, so I've never been there. Go check it out if you are interested. Just be careful there.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.

;(Talk to Gertie)
----
:'''Gertie:''' Oh, it's the tableware order I placed! I thought it wouldn't be delivered until next week... Thank you for making a special trip for this.
:'''Julian:''' Hehe, you are welcome, Ms. Gertie! Remember, you can come to The Moles for help any time!
:'''Gertie:''' The Moles...? Ah, I see, Oleg once told me about this...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did Oleg say?
:'''Gertie:''' Oh, nothing! Since the tableware arrived so early, the renovation schedule of the hotel should also be put ahead, haha.
:'''Gertie:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer) and Julian. I will definitely tell the guests about the good deeds of The Moles.
:'''Julian:''' Really? Thank you, Ms. Gertie!
----

;(Talk to Fidora)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a mechanic?
:::'''Fidora:''' Of course. No one but a mechanic could make robots, could they?
:::'''Fidora:''' ...Well, actually, many people among the vagrants also possess that skill.
:::'''Fidora:''' But I'm different from them! They make robots for the Modified Robot Fight &mdash; the robots they make fight each other... I don't get the fun in it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you need a language module for?
:::'''Fidora:''' It's... Why are you being so nosey?
:::'''Fidora:''' Okay, I'll tell you... I'm trying to build a robot that can interact with humans emotionally.
:::'''Fidora:''' Not the kind of machine that only follows a program or answers the question you ask &mdash; A robot that understands human language, and speaks and acts like a normal human being.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you want to build something like that?
::::'''Fidora:''' Why? Because it's my dream, of course!
::::'''Fidora:''' I want to create a robot with emotions... it's my ultimate goal as an amateur mechanic!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you making an android?
::::'''Fidora:''' Android? What's that? It sounds weird... Right now, all I want to do is to equip the robot with a language module and do some additional optimization and improvement.
::::'''Fidora:''' In my opinion, mechanical structures are much more beautiful than the human body... I'm not stupid enough to try to make a robot look like a human. How boring would that be?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought you were making a humanoid mech that could be driven.
::::'''Fidora:''' I've thought about that... I heard that boys all dream of fighting in mechs.
::::'''Fidora:''' I get why they think that's cool. But for me, the most worthwhile research is to make robots that have human emotions...
::::'''Fidora:''' Anyway, that's all. Do you have any other questions?
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Um... Nothing.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a mechanic?
:::'''Fidora:''' Of course. No one but a mechanic could make robots, could they?
:::'''Fidora:''' ...Well, actually, many people among the vagrants also possess that skill.
:::'''Fidora:''' But I'm different from them! They make robots for the Modified Robot Fight &mdash; the robots they make fight each other... I don't get the fun in it.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Um... Nothing.

;(Talk to Balaway the Miner's Lamp)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are relics?
::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you sure you're not here to mess with me?
::'''Balaway:''' Fine, fine. I understand. You are an Outsider. It's normal that you don't know the history of Belobog.
::'''Balaway:''' Now that you've asked, let me explain to you. Do you know the "Eternal Freeze?"
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
:::'''Balaway:''' Good. You seem to know some of the history here.
:::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
:::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
:::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
:::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you really from the Outside? You are not lying?
:::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
:::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
:::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
:::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you appraised?
::'''Balaway:''' Ha! Too many! I can keep talking about it for two or three days.
::'''Balaway:''' But the most interesting thing is the torture device from the Old World.
::'''Balaway:''' Like... collar around the neck or anvil that automatically heats up? Tsk tsk, the life of criminals in the Old World must be hard.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What is your appraisal process?
::'''Balaway:''' Well... First of all, people bring their relics to me, okay?
::'''Balaway:''' After it is handed over to me, I will start to evaluate it. After the appraisal, I will tell them the relevant functions and a price reference.
::'''Balaway:''' Basically, that's it. The last step is I'll charge according to the difficulty of appraisal.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm interested in your appraisal method.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you distinguish the difficulty of the appraisal?
::'''Balaway:''' It's a bit complicated. Most smaller items have relatively simple structures. You can find out its function structure by referring to respective documents.
::'''Balaway:''' The bigger items are the real trouble. Generally speaking, I have to disassemble them and check everything carefully.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Disassemble?
:::'''Balaway:''' Right. The function and value of relics can only be appraised accurately after they are disassembled.
:::'''Balaway:''' By the way, once the relics are disassembled, there is a risk that they can't be reassembled.
:::'''Balaway:''' And the risk... Naturally is to be borne by customers themselves.
:::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Refer to documents?
:::'''Balaway:''' I have collected all the remaining newspapers and magazines left from the Old World.
:::'''Balaway:''' There are articles that show items with similar appearance and function. They are of a great reference value.
:::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
:::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_501028924)
:'''Balaway:''' Well... It's a long story. This is the announcement. Have a look.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are relics?
:::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you sure you're not here to mess with me?
:::'''Balaway:''' Fine, fine. I understand. You are an Outsider. It's normal that you don't know the history of Belobog.
:::'''Balaway:''' Now that you've asked, let me explain to you. Do you know the "Eternal Freeze?"
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes.
::::'''Balaway:''' Good. You seem to know some of the history here.
::::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
::::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
::::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
::::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
::::'''Balaway:''' ...Are you really from the Outside? You are not lying?
::::'''Balaway:''' Although it's warm inside the wall all year round, there are constant snowstorms outside the wall. If you are really from the Outside, you must have seen it.
::::'''Balaway:''' This snowstorm isn't just temporary... Since seven hundred years ago, this heavy snow hasn't stopped for a minute.
::::'''Balaway:''' Before the snowstorm, Belobog's technology level was way much higher than it is now. Belobog residents call that "ancient times."
::::'''Balaway:''' As the name suggests, relics are antiques from before the Eternal Freeze.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you appraised?
:::'''Balaway:''' Ha! Too many! I can keep talking about it for two or three days.
:::'''Balaway:''' But the most interesting thing is the torture device from the Old World.
:::'''Balaway:''' Like... collar around the neck or anvil that automatically heats up? Tsk tsk, the life of criminals in the Old World must be hard.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is your appraisal process?
:::'''Balaway:''' Well... First of all, people bring their relics to me, okay?
:::'''Balaway:''' After it is handed over to me, I will start to evaluate it. After the appraisal, I will tell them the relevant functions and a price reference.
:::'''Balaway:''' Basically, that's it. The last step is I'll charge according to the difficulty of appraisal.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm interested in your appraisal method.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you distinguish the difficulty of the appraisal?
:::'''Balaway:''' It's a bit complicated. Most smaller items have relatively simple structures. You can find out its function structure by referring to respective documents.
:::'''Balaway:''' The bigger items are the real trouble. Generally speaking, I have to disassemble them and check everything carefully.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Disassemble?
::::'''Balaway:''' Right. The function and value of relics can only be appraised accurately after they are disassembled.
::::'''Balaway:''' By the way, once the relics are disassembled, there is a risk that they can't be reassembled.
::::'''Balaway:''' And the risk... Naturally is to be borne by customers themselves.
::::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Refer to documents?
::::'''Balaway:''' I have collected all the remaining newspapers and magazines left from the Old World.
::::'''Balaway:''' There are articles that show items with similar appearance and function. They are of a great reference value.
::::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
::::'''Balaway:''' There is a lot of knowledge about relics, right? It must be eye-opening for laymen like you, haha!
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.

;(Talk to Maxime)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What did you forget?
::'''Maxime:''' I don't know. What I do know is that it was something I should never forget... Look, give me some time! I'll try to retrace my memory...
::'''Maxime:''' Let's start with who I am. My name is... Maxime... I think.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think you need to start from the beginning...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did something big really happen?
::'''Maxime:''' Don't interrupt me. I had a hard time just remembering my name...
::'''Maxime:''' And then what do I do...? I'm a miner, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know.
:::'''Maxime:''' You don't know either? How am I supposed to go on then...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a reasonable conclusion, given how you're dressed.
:::'''Maxime:''' Okay, let's just assume I am. I'm Maxime and I'm a miner.
:::'''Maxime:''' Ah, what's next?
::'''Maxime:''' It's over... it's all over...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm, we are back to square one.
:::'''Maxime:''' Wow, you look so relaxed. It was your fault, you know...!
:::'''Maxime:''' Never mind... I'll go over it all again. I'm sure I can remember something...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you remember the way to the clinic?
:::'''Maxime:''' What, do you think I'm ill?
:::'''Maxime:''' Never mind... I'll go over it all again. I'm sure I can remember something...
::;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Well, take your time.

;(Talk to Tanya)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Talk to Julian{{subst:void|<!--301101305-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|The Moles' Reinvigoration Plan is complete! You can't help but think that the adults are acting a little off... Forget it, why worry so much? Julian will give you a reward regardless.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' Phew... Today's mission accomplished! With Ms. Gertie's help, The Moles will be able to replace Wildfire soon and become the most popular organization in the Underworld, right?
:'''Julian:''' Hmm... in that case, we probably need more people. We gotta figure out a way to recruit all the kids in Boulder Town &mdash; no, the whole of Underworld, hehe!
:'''Julian:''' So that's it, the next action plan &mdash; The Moles Rapid Expansion Operation!
:'''Julian:''' Well done, honorary member (Trailblazer) &mdash; please keep supporting my job as an intelligence officer in the future! Let's call it a day. The Moles, dismiss!
----
:<!--0.25-second delay-->
:'''Oleg:''' That kid just now... is called Julian, right? The two of you have been really helpful these past few days, hahaha.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's going on?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I knew this whole thing wasn't how it looked...
:'''Oleg:''' You know, there are no Silvermane Guards in the Underworld, and many civil affairs can only be handled by Wildfire, including the distribution and delivery of basic necessities.
:'''Oleg:''' You get it, right? Delivery requires a lot of hands. Even if my people work 24/7, they couldn't guarantee the supply of the whole of Underworld.
:'''Oleg:''' Luckily, the kids of The Moles are very caring and helpful. Their involvement actually helps a lot.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're so crafty...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So Julian was just being used!
:'''Oleg:''' Hahaha, let's make it clear first, this is not my idea. If I had to guess... it must be Natasha who told Hook some "secrets."
:'''Oleg:''' Anyway, for my sake, please keep this a secret from The Moles kids &mdash; just let them keep up their enthusiasm for helping others.
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Mole
|zhs  = 鼹鼠行动
|zht  = 鼴鼠行動
|ja   = モグラ計画
|ko   = 두더지 행동
|es   = Operación topo
|fr   = Opération Taupe
|ru   = Операция «Кроты»
|th   = ปฏิบัติการตัวตุ่น
|vi   = Chuột Chũi Hành Động
|de   = Operation Maulwurf
|id   = Operasi The Moles
|pt   = Operação Toupeira
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
