<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Mole#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011014
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Mole.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Befuddled Patient; Eunice; Julian; Peak; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Operation Mole''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Julian from the Moles
# Take the packages that Wildfire could not deliver
# Give the package to Peak in the Great Mine
# Give the package to Eunice at the Robot Settlement
# Give the package to a patient in the clinic
# Give the package to Peak in the Great Mine
# Give the package to Eunice at the Robot Settlement
# Give the package to a patient in the clinic

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Julian from the Moles{{subst:void|<!--301101401-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|Julian from the Moles seems to be looking for helpers.<br />As an honorary member of the Moles, you have a duty to report to him, the second-in-command!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' Hey, honorary member (Trailblazer)! Quick, come here! We have a new mission!
:'''Julian:''' The Moles' Reinvigoration Plan has reached a critical stage! We must carry forward the spirit of the Moles advocated by Boss Hook! Now's no time to waver! March onward!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Seems you learned a lot of new mottos lately.
::'''Julian:''' That's beside the point! The point is to recite the original words spoken by Boss Hook!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No time... Hard work... Onward!
::'''Julian:''' Not bad for an honorary member! That's the spirit!
:'''Julian:''' My source told me earlier that Wildfire just accumulated another batch of goods that needs to be delivered, but they haven't been able to ship them out because of staffing constraints.
:'''Julian:''' Isn't this our chance? Come on, let's go to Wildfire's Gathering Place and see what's going on!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is all a scheme by Wildfire...
::'''Julian:''' What? Scheming? That's quite the imagination you've got there.
::'''Julian:''' Let's go! We have to act quickly before Wildfire has a chance to react!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lead the way then.
::'''Julian:''' Let's get on with it. We have to act quickly before Wildfire has a chance to react!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take the packages that Wildfire could not deliver{{subst:void|<!--301101402-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />Head to where Wildfire stores the packages to assess the situation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|!}} Undelivered packages
----
:'''Julian:''' Honorary member, look! It's the supplies Wildfire is planning to ship out.
:'''Julian:''' Oh, there's so much stuff piled up here... Can we really rely on these people?
:'''Julian:''' Let's see &mdash; some are headed to Natasha's clinic, some to the Great Mine, and some are going to the Robot Settlement...
:'''Julian:''' Wow... there are so many deliveries to be made! I'm afraid that just the two of us won't be able to deliver them all even if we work for the whole day.
:'''Julian:''' Well, I promised Alina that I'd take her out for Fire Chillin' Ice Cream tonight... So, honorary member (Trailblazer), let's pick one package to deliver today! I'll leave it up to you to decide which one!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deliver Peak's package.
::'''Julian:''' The recipient is Peak... Oh, I guess is the miner who is always sleeping in.
::'''Julian:''' The delivery address is the Great Mine... So he went to work today for real? How peculiar.
::'''Julian:''' Let's go find him in the Great Mine.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deliver Eunice's package.
::'''Julian:''' The recipient is... Eunice?
::'''Julian:''' Umm... I think I've heard Boss Hook mentioning this name before. She's a quirky girl living in the Robot Settlement if I remember correctly...
::'''Julian:''' I heard that she developed a strange condition where she constantly speaks in rhyme. I'd say this is a perfect chance for us to check it out.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deliver the patient's package.
::'''Julian:''' The recipient is... ugh, the handwriting is terrible. I can't figure it out!
::'''Julian:''' The delivery address is still readable... Natasha's clinic! Let me guess. Could it be sent to a certain patient?
::'''Julian:''' Let's go ask around in the clinic. Hehe, a helpful kid like me might even earn Natasha's praise...
----
:<!--0.5-second delay-->

;(Obtain {{Item|Package for Peak|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Package for Eunice|20|x=1}})

;(Obtain {{Item|Package With Illegible Recipient|20|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the package to Peak in the Great Mine{{subst:void|<!--301101406-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Great Mine|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />This package should be sent to Peak the miner. Find him in the Great Mine.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Peak)
----
:'''Peak:''' *snore*
:'''Julian:''' Hey, Wake up! Peak, wake up!
:'''Peak:''' *snore*
:'''Julian:''' Oh, he's sound asleep! If I were him, I definitely can't sleep on such a hard floor...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You want me to kick him up?
::'''Julian:''' ...No, no! He must have been tired from mining and needs a good rest.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You should raise your voice.
::'''Julian:''' ...Never mind! He must have been tired from mining and needs a good rest.
:'''Julian:''' Let's leave his package next to him. Oh right, don't forget to put The Moles' name on it!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the package to Eunice at the Robot Settlement{{subst:void|<!--301101407-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Robot Settlement|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />This package should be sent to Eunice the rapper. Find her in the Robot Settlement.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Eunice)
----
:'''Eunice:''' ...
:'''Julian:''' ...
:'''Eunice:''' ...
:'''Julian:''' ...Umm, (Trailblazer), why isn't she saying anything?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's how a rapper is.
::'''Julian:''' A rapper... That sounds so cool! I want to become a cool rapper, too!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
::'''Julian:''' ...Hey, why aren't you saying anything either?
::'''Julian:''' Huh... Never mind! I won't blame you for keeping quiet, (Trailblazer). Just hand over Eunice's package to her.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the package to a patient in the clinic{{subst:void|<!--301101408-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />The name on this package is illegible. Maybe it's a patient in Natasha's clinic?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Befuddled Patient)
----
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' Dizzy... I feel so dizzy...
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' Oh my, my head is so dizzy...
:'''Julian:''' ...Grandma, here's a package for you!
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' Oh... Is someone talking to me? Ah my medicine... when can it arrive...
:'''Julian:''' Medicine... Oh, maybe her medicine is in this package?
:'''Julian:''' Honorary member, hand over the package to grandma now!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItem",
	"SubMissionID": 301101408,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 3920786744483849463
	}
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the package to Peak in the Great Mine{{subst:void|<!--301101409-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Great Mine|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />This package should be sent to Peak the miner. Find him in the Great Mine.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Julian:''' ...Okay, this should do it. Hope he still remembers he has a package when he wakes up.
----
:'''Julian:''' Thanks for your help, honorary member (Trailblazer). The Moles' Reinvigoration Plan has taken another big step forward. This is the fruit of your contribution... as well as my careful planning!
:'''Julian:''' Before long, our legendary story will be told throughout the Underworld. Don't you feel excited!?
:'''Julian:''' I'll see you at our next mission, honorary member. The Moles, dismiss!
----

;(Talk to Peak)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How can you live on such a small amount of money?
::'''Peak:''' My expenses are low. One person eats and the whole family is fed. Hehe. If you have one meal a day like me, you could also save a lot on food.
::'''Peak:''' Don't get me wrong. My goal isn't to save money... It's just that I sleep most of the day and I don't do much work, so my energy consumption is naturally low.
::'''Peak:''' I don't have much desires for shopping. I'm happy with what I have. The clothes I'm wearing are old. As for other kinds of worldly possessions... I don't need any of them!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you so lazy?
::'''Peak:''' ... Lazy? No, I'm not lazy! It's just my way of life! It's not like I don't do anything at all. I simply do the minimum amount, but I do my work on time...
::'''Peak:''' If you ask me, mining is not worth the effort and energy. Digging every day can trap the mind...
::'''Peak:''' My way of breaking the cycle is to... sleep! I stay clear of the world's disturbances through this low-cost act and I regularly reflect on my life...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Aren't you worried about what people say?
::'''Peak:''' People aren't saying anything. I get along well with everyone.
::'''Peak:''' They all know how I am and over time they have become used to my lifestyle... After all, I'm not in anyone's way, am I?
::'''Peak:''' Besides, no one has the time to obsess about other people's business nowadays... People are lucky just to be able to take care of themselves.
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What will you do when you're old?
::'''Peak:''' That's far in the future. Why think about it now...? Don't worry so much. I won't starve to death!
::'''Peak:''' Look at those hard-working miners. They are soaked in sweat all day long, and what do they get? They miss out on life when they're young and when they're old, they are sick and in pain...
::'''Peak:''' You should focus on them instead of worrying about me. In my opinion, they are the poor ones...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the package to Eunice at the Robot Settlement{{subst:void|<!--301101410-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Robot Settlement|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />This package should be sent to Eunice the rapper. Find her in the Robot Settlement.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Julian:''' Your package, sis, there you go! Remember! The coolest The Moles delivered it over to you.
:'''Eunice:''' ...
:'''Julian:''' ...Huh?
:'''Eunice:''' ...Yo.
:'''Eunice:''' Yo, yo, listen up! Eunice from 88 Degrees Bedrock. Here's something for this kind and warm little kid. Respect from the deep of my heart!
;(Return to previous option selection)
:'''Julian:''' Wow, yes, the rap is gonna start!? I&mdash;I'm not ready yet!
:'''Eunice:''' Light up the night with the fervor of the Undergrounds. Face up the destruction with toil like the pride moles.
:'''Eunice:''' Show no fear. Bring no veneer. Take care of the lost souls that are here.
:'''Eunice:''' Whatever the pain, however they complain. With shattered faith led astray from the lane, sinful indolence is the ultimate drain.
:'''Eunice:''' Even if the valiant Wildfire would rise no more with the morning sun...
:'''Eunice:''' No born brave moles would ever yield to the darkness none!
:'''Julian:''' Wow... oh! That's amazing! The rap is so cool!
:'''Julian:''' (Trailblazer), I'm so glad that you picked this package to deliver! I'll learn from sister Eunice and become the best rapper of The Moles!
:'''Eunice:''' ...
:'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
----
:'''Julian:''' Thanks for your help, honorary member (Trailblazer). The Moles' Reinvigoration Plan has taken another big step forward. This is the fruit of your contribution... as well as my careful planning!
:'''Julian:''' Before long, our legendary story will be told throughout the Underworld. Don't you feel excited!?
:'''Julian:''' I'll see you at our next mission, honorary member. The Moles, dismiss!
----

;(Talk to Eunice)
;(If {{cx}}<!--during performance 501030700-->)
::'''Eunice:''' ...
::'''Eunice:''' Yo.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo!
::'''Eunice:''' ...Just settle down and listen to me, you artless little cells...
::'''Eunice:''' Internal Combustion Engine Rap champion &mdash; 88 Degrees Bedrock &mdash; in the house and owning the Underworld rap scene &mdash;
::'''Eunice:''' Here're some rhymes to drive away those winter blues!
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days with no light / gets dark~
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand kids with no home / that's stark~
::'''Eunice:''' No more food left in the cupboard, the mood is dire
::'''Eunice:''' Like a fire burning, she knows it's bread her kids' desire
::'''Eunice:''' Fragile, innocent, young eyes peeking out the windows
::'''Eunice:''' Life can be so tough, only ya momma really ever knows
::'''Eunice:''' Fixating, hating, these problems never really abating
::'''Eunice:''' Sweeping past outside, an honest shadow &mdash; take a look
::'''Eunice:''' Ten square feet of sadness written down in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} notebook
::'''Eunice:''' Noting down the starlight, oh it's so romantic, then painting a scene that's heartbreaking and tragic
::'''Eunice:''' A broken heart, 'cos freedom keeps {{MC|f=her|m=him}} going
::'''Eunice:''' Dignity stolen, we drift now that it's snowing
::'''Eunice:''' Just for a crust of bread, just for liberation
::'''Eunice:''' Go against the grain like that alien guardian
::'''Eunice:''' The wheels they keep are turning in the snow nation. Our era will complete its reconciliation.
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days, four thousand nights
::'''Eunice:''' Kids think glaciers are just frozen milk
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand homes, eight thousand eyes
::'''Eunice:''' Those sweet breadcrumbs, like scattered snowflakes
::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
::Eunice's performance ends.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Enthusiastically applause.
:::'''Eunice:''' ...
:::'''Eunice:''' Yeah, uh-huh~
:::Eunice looks really happy.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Silence...)
:::'''Eunice:''' ...
:::'''Eunice:''' Yay.
:::Eunice looks a little confused.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to hear...
:::'''Eunice:''' ...Uh-huh?
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear a sad song...
::::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
::::'''Eunice:''' Light of the moon over city of snow, kid down below gazing up all alone
::::'''Eunice:''' Silence, dismay, how to make sense of this vision of gray?
::::'''Eunice:''' You to protect, her to defend, queen of oblivion lies with no end
::::'''Eunice:''' Child born and bred of the Underworld dark, orders that keep him and home far apart
::::'''Eunice:''' Life, death, and honor the struggle persists, finding his parents his solitary wish
::::'''Eunice:''' Crackling flame, flickering light, now he escapes in the dead of the night
::::'''Eunice:''' Sickness and hunger forever pursuing him, gritting his teeth leaves the city behind
::::'''Eunice:''' Scraping of claws, gnashing of teeth, evil intent hears the sound of his feet
::::'''Eunice:''' Don't make a sound hold your breath till it's over, heart pounding don't let the panic take over
::::'''Eunice:''' Howl of the wind, silvery light, hold on to sanity keep up the fight
::::'''Eunice:''' Now the blizzard descends, eyes start to close, the voices of family lost to the snow...
::::'''Eunice:''' Another Belobog night, the hate the lies just can't hide, yeah
::::'''Eunice:''' Her gaze cold as ice, while the world passes by, yeah
::::'''Eunice:''' Another Belobog night, a fire the lies can't abide, yeah
::::'''Eunice:''' On his face one last smile, a sign the sun always rises
::::Eunice's performance ends.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear something upbeat.
::::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days with no light / gets dark~
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand kids with no home / that's stark~
::::'''Eunice:''' No more food left in the cupboard, the mood is dire
::::'''Eunice:''' Like a fire burning, she knows it's bread her kids' desire
::::'''Eunice:''' Fragile, innocent, young eyes peeking out the windows
::::'''Eunice:''' Life can be so tough, only ya momma really ever knows
::::'''Eunice:''' Fixating, hating, these problems never really abating
::::'''Eunice:''' Sweeping past outside, an honest shadow &mdash; take a look
::::'''Eunice:''' Ten square feet of sadness written down in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} notebook
::::'''Eunice:''' Noting down the starlight, oh it's so romantic, then painting a scene that's heartbreaking and tragic
::::'''Eunice:''' A broken heart, 'cos freedom keeps {{MC|f=her|m=him}} going
::::'''Eunice:''' Dignity stolen, we drift now that it's snowing
::::'''Eunice:''' Just for a crust of bread, just for liberation
::::'''Eunice:''' Go against the grain like that alien guardian
::::'''Eunice:''' The wheels they keep are turning in the snow nation. Our era will complete its reconciliation.
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days, four thousand nights
::::'''Eunice:''' Kids think glaciers are just frozen milk
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand homes, eight thousand eyes
::::'''Eunice:''' Those sweet breadcrumbs, like scattered snowflakes
::::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
::::Eunice's performance ends.
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any new tracks?
::::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
::::'''Eunice:''' Creation isn't just some kind of simple game
::::'''Eunice:''' Rap is how I break out of my prison of pain
::::'''Eunice:''' I got my beat, lyrics falling at my feet
::::'''Eunice:''' Building up my confidence with flow so elite
::::'''Eunice:''' Don't tell me what to do. Don't tell me what to be
::::'''Eunice:''' Mess with my genius and you'll be sorry
::::'''Eunice:''' Don't be such a coward. We gonna stop the clock
::::'''Eunice:''' Catch me when I'm mad and I'll explode &mdash; tick tock!
::::'''Eunice:''' That's all I got to say. Don't force me to create
::::'''Eunice:''' Those with no talent can just shut up and wait
::::'''Eunice:''' No one made you listen &mdash; whatever you were hopin'
::::'''Eunice:''' Your parents should've taught you not to eat with your mouth open
::::'''Eunice:''' We got 88 Degrees Bedrock. Respect the name
::::'''Eunice:''' Or I'll beat you like a debt collector bringin' the pain
::::'''Eunice:''' That's enough from me. Don't think it's all I got
::::'''Eunice:''' I'm worried you can't handle if I really shoot my shot
::::'''Eunice:''' That's enough from me. Don't try to match this genius
::::'''Eunice:''' My little finger rapping could still take you to the cleaners
::::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
::::Eunice's err... "performance" ends.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ergh... Forget about it.
:::'''Eunice:''' ...uh-huh.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"ResetToFloorDefault": true
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--not during performance 501030700-->)
::'''Eunice:''' ...
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayMultiVoiceTalk",
	"TalkSentenceID": 501030659
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo.
::'''Eunice:''' Uh-huh.
::Eunice looks really satisfied.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowMenu"
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

===Give the package to a patient in the clinic{{subst:void|<!--301101411-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Natasha's Clinic|update|For the Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, Julian plans to keep secretly delivering the packages Wildfire had left behind.<br />The name on this package is illegible. Maybe it's a patient in Natasha's clinic?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Julian:''' Grandma, take it! Have your medicine!
:<!--0.7-second delay-->
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' *glug* Umm... Good, I'm feeling better now...
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' Thank you, kid... And you, young one. My head would be torn apart by the dizziness without your help... *sigh*
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' This ailment has been with me for many years, and no matter how many medications I take, it never fully goes away. I've almost used up all of Doctor Natasha's stock to the point where she has to source more medicines for me through special channels.
:'''Julian:''' Grandma... have a good rest here! The Moles have heard about your problem, and we will continue delivering medicines to you from now on.
:'''Julian:''' Natasha will definitely heal your dizziness! Have faith in her...
:'''Befuddled Patient:''' Thank you, kid. Oh, The Moles are a group of lovely children...
----
:'''Julian:''' Thanks for your help, honorary member (Trailblazer). The Moles' Reinvigoration Plan has taken another big step forward. This is the fruit of your contribution... as well as my careful planning!
:'''Julian:''' Before long, our legendary story will be told throughout the Underworld. Don't you feel excited!?
:'''Julian:''' I'll see you at our next mission, honorary member. The Moles, dismiss!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Mole
|zhs  = 鼹鼠行动
|zht  = 鼴鼠行動
|ja   = モグラ計画
|ko   = 두더지 행동
|es   = Operación topo
|fr   = Opération Taupe
|ru   = Операция «Кроты»
|th   = ปฏิบัติการตัวตุ่น
|vi   = Chuột Chũi Hành Động
|de   = Operation Maulwurf
|id   = Operasi The Moles
|pt   = Operação Toupeira
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
