<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Mole#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011011
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Mole.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Joshua; Julian; Trailblazer; Waiting Elderly
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Operation Mole''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Julian
# Go to the secret gathering place
# Pick up the supplies
# Deliver the supplies for Wildfire

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Julian{{subst:void|<!--301101101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|Julian of the Moles is looking around here, as if planning something... Should you talk to him?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Come over here &mdash; don't make any sound!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are we playing hide-and-seek again?
::'''Julian:''' Nah, this time we are going to do something much more fun than hide-and-seek!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How come you are always sneaking around...
::'''Julian:''' What do you mean by sneaking around! I'm the cadre in charge of making plans for The Moles. Covert operations are what I do.
:'''Julian:''' Let me tell you, today we have a top-secret mission! As an honorary member of The Moles, you are now being commandeered by me!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I say no?
::'''Julian:''' Of course not!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's all up to you, boss.
::'''Julian:''' Wh&mdash;what boss? Don't talk nonsense! I will be in trouble if Boss Hook heard it.
:'''Julian:''' Enough chitchat. We're losing the daylight. We can't mess this up.
:'''Julian:''' Let's go! To the secret gathering place of Wildfire!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the secret gathering place{{subst:void|<!--301101102-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|The sneaky Julian makes you join him. Go to the "Wildfire" gathering place to see what happened.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Joshua:''' Wh&mdash;What should I do... There are two crates of emergency medicine here. Which box should I deliver first?
:'''Joshua:''' N&mdash;Never mind! I'm gonna deliver this box first, and then, the other one after I come back...
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "Act301101101"
	}
}</pre>
:'''Julian:''' Quick, honorary member! The guy from Wildfire left, let's go have a look!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So the secret mission is to steal from others?
::'''Julian:''' N&mdash;Nonsense! The Moles wouldn't do that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me what you're up to first...
::'''Julian:''' Ugh, do you have to ask questions right now?
:'''Julian:''' Here's the deal. The Moles is going to deliver the medicine to those in need before Wildfire finds out.
:'''Julian:''' As for the reason... well, now is not the time to explain! We should hurry.
:'''Julian:''' Come on, let's take a look at that box!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Pick up the supplies{{subst:void|<!--301101103-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|Pick up the supplies and don't ask why.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|!}} Operation Mole
----
:'''Julian:''' Look, the shipping address is written on the box! (Trailblazer), let's send it to those in need now.
:'''Julian:''' We have to deliver it before the Wildfire realizes, hee-hee!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Deliver the supplies for Wildfire{{subst:void|<!--301101104-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|Julian asks you to deliver the remaining orders of "Wildfire." You don't know why, but it's good to help those in need... right?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Waiting Elderly)
:'''Waiting Elderly:''' Who are you? You don't dress like a Wildfire member...
:'''Julian:''' Lady, we are couriers from The Moles! If you need help in the future, remember to call us!
:'''Waiting Elderly:''' ..."The Moles"? Isn't that a bunch of kids...
:'''Waiting Elderly:''' Oh... hehe, I get it. Thank you, I have been waiting for this package all day.
:'''Waiting Elderly:''' I should go home now. My husband is waiting for this box of medicine. Keep up the good work, you kids from The Moles...
----
:<!--0.25-second delay-->
:'''Julian:''' Great job, honorary member! This secret mission was executed perfectly! You deserve some kudos!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think Wildfire can handle this too...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I still don't quite get it...
:'''Julian:''' Well, grown-ups are so silly. You still don't get it?
:'''Julian:''' It's a secret, but I'll tell you. This is the first step of The Moles Reinvigoration Plan &mdash; find the work that Wildfire has neglected and take it up right away!
:'''Julian:''' If we keep doing this, The Moles will soon build up a reputation in the Underworld... Maybe one day it will replace Wildfire and become the most popular super organization!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Good luck to you then...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ooh, that's a great ambition!
:'''Julian:''' You did a pretty good job this time and deserve some credit! I will tell Boss Hook about it. Don't worry.
:'''Julian:''' Next time I call on you for something, don't forget to show up right away &mdash; so that's it, The Moles, dismiss!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Mole
|zhs  = 鼹鼠行动
|zht  = 鼴鼠行動
|ja   = モグラ計画
|ko   = 두더지 행동
|es   = Operación topo
|fr   = Opération Taupe
|ru   = Операция «Кроты»
|th   = ปฏิบัติการตัวตุ่น
|vi   = Chuột Chũi Hành Động
|de   = Operation Maulwurf
|id   = Operasi The Moles
|pt   = Operação Toupeira
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
