<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Operation Mole#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3011012
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Operation Mole.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Elaine; Julian; Swetta; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Jarilo-VI]] - [[Boulder Town]]
|world         = Jarilo-VI
|area          = Boulder Town
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Operation Mole''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Julian
# Go to the secret gathering place
# Pick up the supplies
# Deliver the supplies for Wildfire

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Julian{{subst:void|<!--301101201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|Julian of the Moles is looking around here, as if planning something... Should you talk to him?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Julian)
:'''Julian:''' Hey, honorary member (Trailblazer)! Here, here, come here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yikes, it's you again...
::'''Julian:''' What's that attitude? Sharpen up! And that is an order!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hats off to you, Captain Julian!
::'''Julian:''' Huh? Oh, okay... At ease! Er, why are you so polite all of a sudden, I'm not used to this!
:'''Julian:''' You haven't forgotten The Moles Reinvigoration Plan, have you? Let me tell you, according to my informant's report, Wildfire needs to send lots of supplies today &mdash; isn't this a good time for The Moles to make a move?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is your informant?
::'''Julian:''' It's... Uh, no, I can't tell you! As the Chief Intelligence Officer of The Moles, it is my duty to protect the informant!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What plan was that, I forgot...
::'''Julian:''' Ugh, do all grown-ups have such bad memory?
::'''Julian:''' Then I'll explain it to you again &mdash; The Moles Reinvigoration Plan is to find the work that Wildfire has neglected and take it up right away!
::'''Julian:''' If we keep doing this, The Moles will soon build a reputation in the Underworld, and maybe one day replace Wildfire! Hehe...
:'''Julian:''' Alright, that's enough talk. Let's go to the secret gathering place of Wildfire and see what's going on.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Go to the secret gathering place{{subst:void|<!--301101202-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|The sneaky Julian makes you join him. Go to the "Wildfire" gathering place to see what happened.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Swetta:''' Hmm... Boss Oleg said earlier that today's mission is to deliver daily necessities to the mining team, but he didn't mention it was two giant crates...
:'''Swetta:''' They are so heavy, and should be delivered to different mining areas... What should I do? Think, Swetta, think...
:'''Swetta:''' ...Ugh, whatever, I'll stick to my old trick! Eeny, meeny, miny, mole, catch a little mole by its toe. If he hollers, let him go, eeny, meeny, miny, mole...
:'''Swetta:''' Well, I'll deliver this one first! Ugh, my back is gonna hurt tomorrow...
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "Act301101101"
	}
}</pre>
:'''Julian:''' Hmm, so grown-ups would also make decisions this childishly...
:'''Julian:''' Quick, (Trailblazer)! Swetta just left, let's go check out the other box of goods!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Pick up the supplies{{subst:void|<!--301101203-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Boulder Town|update|Pick up the supplies. This is for "The Moles' Reinvigoration Plan." Do not ask why.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

:{{DIcon|!}} Operation Mole
----
:'''Julian:''' The shipping address is also written on the box. Let me take a look!
:'''Julian:''' The Great Mine... Elaine... Oh, these are the supplies Elaine needs! Great, now I can ask her to help spread word about The Moles' good deeds.
:'''Julian:''' Let's go, honorary member! Let's go to the Great Mine to deliver supplies to Elaine!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

===Deliver the supplies for Wildfire{{subst:void|<!--301101204-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Great Mine|update|To help Julian with his Moles' Reinvigoration Plan, you must quickly deliver this box of supplies to the Great Mine.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
----
:'''Julian:''' Honorary member, look! Elaine seems to be surrounded by some bad people!
:'''Julian:''' Hurry, (Trailblazer)! Let's teach those bad guys a lesson and save her!
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Act301101101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"BlendTime": 0.5
	}
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RemoveLevelAreas",
	"AreaName": {
		"Value": "Act301101101"
	}
}</pre>
;(Enter battle)
:{{Enemy List|Automaton Hound*1; Vagrant*2}}

;(Talk to Elaine)
----
:'''Julian:''' Hmph, those shameless thugs only acted tough when they were bullying a girl.
:'''Julian:''' Elaine, are you okay?
:'''Elaine:''' I... I'm fine! Thank you, (Trailblazer), and Julian...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you always targeted by vagrants...
::'''Elaine:''' You saved me again. I can't thank you enough.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Remember to bring a companion next time you go out for work.
::'''Elaine:''' I... I will! You saved me again. I can't thank you enough.
:'''Elaine:''' Em... if I may ask &mdash; why did you come to the Great Mine all of a sudden, with little Julian?
:'''Julian:''' Ah, I almost forgot! Honorary member, please give Elaine her stuff.
:'''Elaine:''' This is... the supplies I ordered earlier?
:'''Elaine:''' Thank you so much! Without this box of supplies, I'd have to be sleeping in this smelly work suit tonight.
:'''Elaine:''' But isn't Wildfire usually responsible for deliveries? Why is it you two today?
:'''Julian:''' Hehe, the guys from Wildfire are not reliable. Let me tell you, Elaine &mdash; from now on, The Moles will take over the Underworld! You can entrust us with anything &mdash; beating up bad people or delivering packages, anything!
:'''Elaine:''' The Moles? Ah... I see. Thank you, Julian, The Moles' members are all very good kids.
:'''Julian:''' Hehe, don't mention it! But you can spread the word about the heroic deeds of The Moles.
----
:<!--0.25-second delay-->
:'''Julian:''' Good job, (Trailblazer)! You're really worth your salt as an honorary member appointed by Boss Hook &mdash; you act fast, and fight well!
:'''Julian:''' Thanks to our effort, The Moles Reinvigoration Plan has taken another big step forward! Here, take these rewards, and keep up the good work!
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Operation Mole
|zhs  = 鼹鼠行动
|zht  = 鼴鼠行動
|ja   = モグラ計画
|ko   = 두더지 행동
|es   = Operación topo
|fr   = Opération Taupe
|ru   = Операция «Кроты»
|th   = ปฏิบัติการตัวตุ่น
|vi   = Chuột Chũi Hành Động
|de   = Operation Maulwurf
|id   = Operasi The Moles
|pt   = Operação Toupeira
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
