<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Space Station Ghost Stories: Vanished Toilet#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000802
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission Space Station Ghost Stories Vanished Toilet.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Adler; Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts; Joyous Researcher; Researcher in Self-Delusion; Satisfied Researcher; Trailblazer; Troubled Researcher
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Storage Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Storage Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''Space Station Ghost Stories: Vanished Toilet''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Listen to Adler's "ghost stories"
# Find the toilet in the story on your own
# Ask around and find the truth behind the "ghost story"
# (Optional) Find the toilet in the story on your own
# Tell Adler the truth

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Listen to Adler's "ghost stories"{{subst:void|<!--300080201-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Storage Zone|Sounds like Adler has gotten hold of a new "ghost story." Meet up with Adler at the special spot and ask about the story this time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Adler)
:'''Adler:''' Yep! The story this time is submitted by a researcher. She's currently writing a novel based on it.
:'''Adler:''' It was a quiet moment when the lights in the space station suddenly shorted out... and a researcher who had been working overtime for many consecutive nights was walking along the corridors.
:'''Adler:''' He didn't notice how bizarre the darkness of his surroundings had become, nor did he notice the item looming at the end of the corridor... It was a toilet seat!
:'''Adler:''' The moment he laid his eyes on the toilet seat, it was as if his brainwaves were hijacked by a third party. And that was how he ended up approaching the toilet seat and... flushed!
:'''Adler:''' How is it? Is it really creepy?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is it?
::'''Adler:''' Yep. That's how the submission was written. No real ending. That's why we need to investigate!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} At least try to make it a good story...
::'''Adler:''' For the last time, this isn't a story I wrote! This is something that happened to another researcher!
:'''Adler:''' Honestly, I also wanted to know what happens next... so I found the person who submitted it.
:'''Adler:''' But she said "just go have a try yourself." I want to go, but I'm so busy! So, I told her that my friend would try it for me.
:'''Adler:''' But then she said, I need to give her the password when I go find her again. I would say "a small toilet seat," and she would answer "a big expectation."
:'''Adler:''' But I don't have many friends... So please! Please help me!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Find the toilet in the story on your own{{subst:void|<!--300080205-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Supply Zone|update|Follow the coordinates provided by the submitter of the Toilet Incident, find the toilet in question, and unveil the truth about the "ghost story."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}


;(Talk to Researcher)
----
:<!--1-second delay-->
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' ...Don't worry. I'm just testing its gravity sensor system.
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' By the way, who are you? Are you here for this Curio too?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Which Curio is "this Curio"?
::'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' Well, just don't laugh... It's... the toilet seat I was sitting on.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you seen a mysterious toilet seat?
::'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' ...What are you talking about? The thing in front of you is the Curio!
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' Ah, you're here for Experiment 13 as well, right? The Curio that looks like a toilet seat?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes. You know what it is?
::'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' Right. It was originally a Curio that my department had borrowed.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've seen it?
::'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' I used to see it in our department every day. There, the thing in front of you is the Curio.
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' My department used to do gravity experiments on it using nano membranes. The original plan was for it to "disappear by being elevated to a higher dimensional world" when it experiences gravity, then "re-appear back into our lower dimensional world."
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' But some careless fool increased the gravitational force in the experiment, and this thing is currently teleporting all over the space station.
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' My whole department is now out on the hunt for this thing, but we can never catch up to it... Luckily, I've found it for now.
:'''Busy Member of the Department of Implement Arts:''' Well, I should record its data and install a tracking device to make sure I don't lose it again.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (So, this is actually a Curio. Let's note this down and tell Adler.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ask around and find the truth behind the "ghost story"{{subst:void|<!--300080212-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Base Zone|update|Using passphrase, find the submitter of the Toilet Incident and ask them about the truth behind the "ghost story." Alternatively, find the mythical toilet in question based on your knowledge of the space station.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 96,
			"GroupNpcID": 400004,
			"TalkSentenceID": 300080270
		}
	]
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' Ah! The Aeons must have cast their special blessings upon me, bestowing such extraordinary talents...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A small toilet seat?
:'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' "A big expectation!" Yes, this is the passphrase.
:'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I'll tell you the rest of that story right now. But be warned, I haven't finalized that part yet, so it may lack a certain level of artistry in expression. Please excuse me.
:'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' *cough* Ahem... I heard the sound of water, then felt my surroundings grow even darker. But I soon realized that it was my sight dimming &mdash; Yes, I had fainted, instead of the world having fainted.
:'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' When I woke up again, I was lying in an unfamiliar lab. My terminal was there too. Everything was normal. So, I left that place, and nothing strange happened in the process.
:'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' But I have never seen that mysterious toilet seat again. It seems to have disappeared.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask...
::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' Mmm, do you have any other questions?
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Where did you encounter the toilet seat?
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I'll send you the exact coordinates later.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Where was the lab you woke up in?
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I can tell you exactly where it is, and there's foreshadowing in the story too. Since the terminal's functions were all intact, I could locate that place precisely. Hehe, aren't I meticulous?
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I'll send you the exact location, but there might be people working there. Just be mindful when you go in.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any other details?
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' Details... Maybe it was just really dark? And I felt lightheaded... But those are probably the results of me staying up all night. They aren't details that work as foreshadowing.
::;(Return to previous option selection)
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I don't have anything else to say.
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' Right, tell Adler that if he finds anything, he needs to let me know first thing.
:::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I gave him the right to adapt this story. He's gotta give me something in return...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think I get it now.
::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' Right, tell Adler that if he finds anything, he needs to let me know first thing.
::'''Researcher in Self-Delusion:''' I gave him the right to adapt this story. He's gotta give me something in return...
{{Dialogue End}}

===(Optional) Find the toilet in the story on your own{{subst:void|<!--300080213-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 96,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 300080267
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 96,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 300080268
		}
	]
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Joyous Researcher:''' This new product has such awesome effects!
:'''Satisfied Researcher:''' I bought it too, but mine hasn't arrived yet. Lemme borrow yours for a few days.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A small toilet seat.
:'''Joyous Researcher:''' What are you mumbling about? Toilet? What toilet?
:'''Satisfied Researcher:''' Huh? Who are you? You scared me!
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (They are probably not who I'm looking for. Let's keep looking.)
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 3,
			"GroupID": 96,
			"GroupNpcID": 400003,
			"TalkSentenceID": 300080269
		}
	]
}</pre>

:{{DIcon|Talk}} Listen
:'''Troubled Researcher:''' If my life keeps going like this, it's gonna be all over...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A small toilet seat?
:'''Troubled Researcher:''' Huh, who are you? Sorry that you had to see me like this... But you are the first person who actually spoke to me recently.
:'''Troubled Researcher:''' I seem to be such a mess in my work and personal life, and no one wants to talk to me.
:'''Troubled Researcher:''' I don't get what you mean by a small toilet seat, but it feels good to have someone listen to me... Thank you, kind stranger.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (That's not the right person, but it seems like I did a good deed. Let's keep looking!)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tell Adler the truth{{subst:void|<!--300080206-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Storage Zone|update|The toilet in the "ghost story" is just a byproduct of a Curio experiment. Tell Adler about this discovery!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Adler)
:'''Adler:''' You've worked hard. Looks like you have some results?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell him what you found.)
:'''Adler:''' Woah, so it's actually the result of a Curio experiment? Pity I didn't get to see it... Hold on.
:'''Adler:''' Experiment 13... That name is so familiar... I think I've seen it in my department? In other words, I... I am missing out???
:'''Adler:''' This is so mean! They are doing experiments without letting me know... *sob*
----
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Space Station Ghost Stories: Vanished Toilet
|zhs  = 空间站怪谈：消失的马桶
|zht  = 太空站怪談：消失的馬桶
|ja   = 宇宙ステーションの怪談：消えた便器
|ko   = 우주정거장 괴담: 사라진 변기
|es   = Historias de miedo de la Estación Espacial: el inodoro desaparecido
|fr   = Histoires de fantômes de la station spatiale&nbsp;: Les toilettes disparues
|ru   = Истории о привидениях на космической станции: Исчезнувший унитаз
|th   = เรื่องลี้ลับในสถานีอวกาศ: ชักโครกที่หายไป
|vi   = Chuyện Lạ Trạm Không Gian: Bồn Cầu Biến Mất
|de   = Raumstation-Geistergeschichten: Die verschwundene Toilette
|id   = Kisah Misteri Stasiun Luar Angkasa: Kloset yang Hilang
|pt   = Histórias de Fantasma da Estação Espacial: Vaso Sanitário Desaparecido
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
