<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000301
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Esther; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Esther
# Take a photo of a person with blue hair
# Take a photo of a person with brown hair
# Hand the photo to Esther

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Esther{{subst:void|<!--300030101-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Researcher Esther is having a rough day with her appearance. She wants to change her hair color, but she doesn't know what colors to change to. With your unique perspective on beauty, go and advise Esther!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Esther)
:'''Esther:''' I'm catching up with some old girlfriends in a few days. It's been years since we last met up. I wonder... would they laugh at me for being out of touch with fashion?
:'''Esther:''' I've heard of you from Lead Researcher Asta. You seem to know a lot, and might have your own insights on fashion.
:'''Esther:''' Can I ask for your advice? ...Do you think I should dye my hair a different color?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The current color is fine.
::'''Esther:''' But I think it feels a little old-fashioned.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What color would you like?
::'''Esther:''' *sigh* I can't really decide...
:'''Esther:''' Fashion is changing every day... I've had white hair for so long that it's about time for a change.
:'''Esther:''' Apparently, the most fashionable colors these days are blue and brown, but both colors have their pros and cons. It's so hard to choose.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why have to choose?
::'''Esther:''' I do want to try them both, but the quality of my hair won't allow me to experiment too much.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Blue! I like blue!
::'''Esther:''' Blue makes people think about the sea, the sky, and the universe... Wait! I'm not asking which color you like. I want to know which hair color looks better!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Brown! I like brown!
::'''Esther:''' Brown has a warm feeling to it... Wait! I'm not asking which color you like. I want to know which hair color looks better!
:'''Esther:''' I heard some researchers have already dyed their hair these colors. I'd love to see them for myself.
:'''Esther:''' But my work at the Department of Insight is not done. I really can't leave yet... So, could I please ask you to take some photos for me?
:'''Esther:''' I want to see what these colors look like under the space station's lights, and which color would suit me better... Hmm, could you please lend a hand?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of a person with blue hair{{subst:void|<!--300030102-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

{{Dialogue End}}

===Take a photo of a person with brown hair{{subst:void|<!--300030103-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I need to find people with {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|blue}} hair and {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|brown}} hair.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hand the photo to Esther{{subst:void|<!--300030105-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I'm done with Esther's photos. Time to take these back to her.)

;(Talk to Esther)
:'''Esther:''' Ohhh, lemme see... This looks good. But I have an issue.
:'''Esther:''' Look, the lights in the space station make blue look rigid, and make brown look dull.
:'''Esther:''' What should I do? Maybe neither color looks good? (Trailblazer), you're young and fashionable. Help me pick the color that suits me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Blue!
::'''Esther:''' Okay, blue it is. It's not bad. It gives a feeling of vastness and open space.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Brown!
::'''Esther:''' Mmm, you can't go wrong with brown.
:'''Esther:''' Young people do think fast. I'll defer to you on this! Thank you. You can try a different hair color yourself, you know.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful
|zhs  = 最美不过夕阳红
|zht  = 最美不過夕陽紅
|ja   = 夕陽の紅ほど美しき
|ko   = 붉은 석양이 가장 아름답다
|es   = El sol del ocaso es el más hermoso
|fr   = Beauté crépusculaire
|ru   = Красивый закат
|th   = อาทิตย์อัสดงงดงามเหนือสิ่งใด
|vi   = Ánh Tà Dương Xinh Đẹp
|de   = Die untergehende Sonne ist die Schönste
|id   = Matahari Terbenam adalah yang Terindah
|pt   = O Pôr do Sol é o Mais Bonito
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
