<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Art of Conversation#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000604
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Art of Conversation.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = [[Daily Mission]] ''[[The Art of Conversation]]'' completed
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Emily; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Storage Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Storage Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''The Art of Conversation''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==


<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

;(Talk to Emily)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you trying to break the record for drinking coffee?
::'''Emily:''' How... How did you know that? Have you heard about the story of that woman?
::'''Emily:''' Why am I surprised? People on Seed Isle never shut up. They keep bragging about the legend of Lesley's 11 Cups of Coffee.
::'''Emily:''' Whatever Lesley can do, I can do it too. And I will do it even better!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Lesley.
::'''Emily:''' Understand this, I'm Emily! Even though technically I'm her sister, I hope you can get to know me as an independent individual, instead of associating me with that woman, like everybody else.
::'''Emily:''' I was only born a bit later than her. I am better than her no matter in talent or practice.
::'''Emily:''' As long as I am given the same opportunity, I'm sure I will be able to create my own legend on the space station...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About rumors on Lesley.
::'''Emily:''' Coffee consumption? Research genius? These rumors are everywhere on the space station. Why do you have to come to me to ask? Are you trying to rile me up?
::'''Emily:''' If you're here to verify the validity of the rumors, I can tell you with 100% certainty that yes, Lesley is just a genius like that.
::'''Emily:''' But if you're thinking of getting any insider information or playing some weird games through me... I'm warning you, it's best you drop those thoughts right now!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Emily:''' That's a wise thing to do. Leave me alone. And stop prying on Lesley.
;(Upon reaching the destination)

;(Upon reaching the destination)
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayNPCBubbleTalk",
	"BubbleTalkInfoList": [
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 2,
			"GroupID": 85,
			"GroupNpcID": 400001,
			"TalkSentenceID": 300060514
		},
		{
			"AutoSkipTime": 2,
			"GroupID": 85,
			"GroupNpcID": 400002,
			"TalkSentenceID": 300060515
		}
	],
	"BubbleTalkType": "Normal",
	"LoopInterval": 1,
	"InstantFinish": true
}</pre>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Art of Conversation
|zhs  = 聊天的艺术
|zht  = 聊天的藝術
|ja   = 雑談の芸術
|ko   = 대화의 예술
|es   = El arte de la conversación
|fr   = L'Art de la conversation
|ru   = Искусство беседы
|th   = ศิลปะแห่งวาทศิลป์
|vi   = Nghệ Thuật Trò Chuyện
|de   = Die Kunst der Konversation
|id   = Seni Berkomunikasi
|pt   = A Arte da Conversa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
