<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000303
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Esther; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Master Control Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Master Control Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Speak with Esther
# Take photos of one gold and one green object each
# Hand the photo to Esther

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Speak with Esther{{subst:void|<!--300030301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Master Control Zone|Researcher Esther is having a rough day with her appearance. She's trying to learn about how colors match and clash. With your unique perspective on beauty, go and advise Esther!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Esther)
:'''Esther:''' I have to thank you. My girlfriends at the party all said that I'm a fashionista now.
:'''Esther:''' They're really jealous that I have a fashion consultant like you. This time, they want me to ask you some questions...
:'''Esther:''' Two colors are really popular right now. Retro Glazed Bronze and Summer Blooming Forest... (Trailblazer), do you know what they actually are?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just gold and green...
::'''Esther:''' Wow, I knew it. Your fashion instincts are sharp... You immediately understood those weird names.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Those colors are everywhere in the space station!
::'''Esther:''' Really? I've never noticed it.
:'''Esther:''' So you're saying the space station already... has these two shades? But I don't remember ever seeing them.
:'''Esther:''' In that case, please help me take pictures of items in these colors and bring the photos to me, so I can learn about them as well!

;(Unused &mdash; Photograph300030302_Fail)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This color looks fine... Esther wanted {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|gold}} and {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|green}}.)

;(Unused &mdash; Photograph300030302_End)


;(Unused &mdash; Photograph300030303_Failed)
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (This color looks fine... Esther wanted {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|gold}} and {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|green}}.)

;(Unused &mdash; Photograph300030303_End)

:'''(Trailblazer):''' (I'm done with Esther's photos. Time to take these back to her.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Take photos of one gold and one green object each{{subst:void|<!--300030304-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''(Trailblazer):''' (Gold and green should be quite common. The {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|plants and flowers}} in the space station and the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Astral Express}} should be enough...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hand the photo to Esther{{subst:void|<!--300030305-->}}===
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Esther)
:'''Esther:''' (Trailblazer), you're definitely a youngster. You think fast and act fast.
:'''Esther:''' But I really didn't expect this. Retro Glazed Bronze and Summer Blooming Forest... they sound so new and special based on the name.
:'''Esther:''' I really learned something today. They're just ordinary colors. I feel maybe this is a bit...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fashion is not real!
::'''Esther:''' I've always heard people say that fashion is just a trick, that it's not real. Looks like they're right.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Over-hyped?
::'''Esther:''' With such ordinary colors... it's definitely over-hyped.
:'''Esther:''' You're right. But I feel... I can't digest all this information at once.
:'''Esther:''' This kind of contrast was fashionable when I was young. I didn't think it'd be back in fashion now.
:'''Esther:''' Fashion is so weird. It's all a big cycle... Tsk
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Setting Sun Is the Most Beautiful
|zhs  = 最美不过夕阳红
|zht  = 最美不過夕陽紅
|ja   = 夕陽の紅ほど美しき
|ko   = 붉은 석양이 가장 아름답다
|es   = El sol del ocaso es el más hermoso
|fr   = Beauté crépusculaire
|ru   = Красивый закат
|th   = อาทิตย์อัสดงงดงามเหนือสิ่งใด
|vi   = Ánh Tà Dương Xinh Đẹp
|de   = Die untergehende Sonne ist die Schönste
|id   = Matahari Terbenam adalah yang Terindah
|pt   = O Pôr do Sol é o Mais Bonito
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
