<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Art of Conversation#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub|Dialogue.}}
{{Mission Infobox
|id            = 3000603
|title         = 
|image         = <!--Mission The Art of Conversation.png-->
|type          = Daily
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|requirements  = {{subst:void|<!--Unknown: {"Type":"Manual"}-->}}
|summary       = <!--official mission summary from Fate's Atlas-->
|characters    = Emily; Trailblazer
|startLocation = [[Herta Space Station]] - [[Storage Zone]]
|world         = Herta Space Station
|area          = Storage Zone
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Credit*5,000
}}
'''''The Art of Conversation''''' is a [[Daily Mission]] on [[Herta Space Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Emily
# Reply to Emily's message

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

--><!--
==Trial Character==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}

===Talk to Emily{{subst:void|<!--300060301-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Storage Zone|Emily wants to improve her interpersonal communication skills. Keep on teaching her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Emily)
:'''Emily:''' Ah? Really? It's been okay. Ah yes, have you eaten yet? And then? Ah, I'm sorry &mdash; I accidentally slipped back into that mode again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "That mode"?
::'''Emily:''' I mean, the mode you taught me! Don't play dumb.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're a fast learner.
::'''Emily:''' Heehee, I can pretty much chat freely back and forth with people now.
:'''Emily:''' Normal chats can't faze me now, but... I've got a small problem &mdash; I can't help but reveal my true colors during lab work...
:'''Emily:''' Maybe it's because my brain hasn't adjusted to it yet, and it's still a beat behind my mouth.
:'''Emily:''' Teacher, are there any catch-all phrases that I can say when I'm too busy to think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about this...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got it.
:::'''Emily:''' Seems a little ill-mannered, like... a little impatient? It won't work!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get straight to the point.
::::'''Emily:''' That seems kind of blunt.
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mmm, mmm, sure, sure.
::::'''Emily:''' Mmm... Mmm... sure, sure. Wow! That rolls off the tongue!
::::'''Emily:''' Mmm, mmm, and then... Ah, sorry, I couldn't help it.
::::'''Emily:''' Teacher, I thought of something. Sometimes I meet people who love bragging and don't shut up about themselves.
::::'''Emily:''' To be honest, I don't really want to talk with people like that &mdash; but I also want to be as polite as possible. Is there any catch-all phrase that can be used in these situations?
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I can't think of anything better.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get straight to the point.
:::'''Emily:''' That seems kind of blunt.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got it.
::::'''Emily:''' Seems a little ill-mannered, like... a little impatient? It won't work!
:::;(Return to previous option selection)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mmm, mmm, sure, sure.
::::'''Emily:''' Mmm... Mmm... sure, sure. Wow! That rolls off the tongue!
::::'''Emily:''' Mmm, mmm, and then... Ah, sorry, I couldn't help it.
::::'''Emily:''' Teacher, I thought of something. Sometimes I meet people who love bragging and don't shut up about themselves.
::::'''Emily:''' To be honest, I don't really want to talk with people like that &mdash; but I also want to be as polite as possible. Is there any catch-all phrase that can be used in these situations?
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I can't think of anything better.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mmm, mmm, sure, sure.
:::'''Emily:''' Mmm... Mmm... sure, sure. Wow! That rolls off the tongue!
:::'''Emily:''' Mmm, mmm, and then... Ah, sorry, I couldn't help it.
:::'''Emily:''' Teacher, I thought of something. Sometimes I meet people who love bragging and don't shut up about themselves.
:::'''Emily:''' To be honest, I don't really want to talk with people like that &mdash; but I also want to be as polite as possible. Is there any catch-all phrase that can be used in these situations?
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I can't think of anything better.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I can't think of anything better.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Reply to Emily's message{{subst:void|<!--300060302-->}}===
{{Mission Description|type=daily|location=Storage Zone|update|Emily is extremely nervous now that she's about to attend a formal occasion. Use text messages to quickly rebuild her self-confidence.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Talk to Emily)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you trying to break the record for drinking coffee?
::'''Emily:''' How... How did you know that? Have you heard about the story of that woman?
::'''Emily:''' Why am I surprised? People on Seed Isle never shut up. They keep bragging about the legend of Lesley's 11 Cups of Coffee.
::'''Emily:''' Whatever Lesley can do, I can do it too. And I will do it even better!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Lesley.
::'''Emily:''' Understand this, I'm Emily! Even though technically I'm her sister, I hope you can get to know me as an independent individual, instead of associating me with that woman, like everybody else.
::'''Emily:''' I was only born a bit later than her. I am better than her no matter in talent or practice.
::'''Emily:''' As long as I am given the same opportunity, I'm sure I will be able to create my own legend on the space station...
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About rumors on Lesley.
::'''Emily:''' Coffee consumption? Research genius? These rumors are everywhere on the space station. Why do you have to come to me to ask? Are you trying to rile me up?
::'''Emily:''' If you're here to verify the validity of the rumors, I can tell you with 100% certainty that yes, Lesley is just a genius like that.
::'''Emily:''' But if you're thinking of getting any insider information or playing some weird games through me... I'm warning you, it's best you drop those thoughts right now!
:;(Return to previous option selection)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Emily:''' That's a wise thing to do. Leave me alone. And stop prying on Lesley.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The Art of Conversation
|zhs  = 聊天的艺术
|zht  = 聊天的藝術
|ja   = 雑談の芸術
|ko   = 대화의 예술
|es   = El arte de la conversación
|fr   = L'Art de la conversation
|ru   = Искусство беседы
|th   = ศิลปะแห่งวาทศิลป์
|vi   = Nghệ Thuật Trò Chuyện
|de   = Die Kunst der Konversation
|id   = Seni Berkomunikasi
|pt   = A Arte da Conversa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
