<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Stub}}
{{Simulated Universe Event Infobox
|id            = 18801-1
|title         = 
|image         = Occurrence Swarm.png
|domains_su    = 
|domains_swarm = 
|domains_gng   = 
|domains_du    = 
|domains_und   = Unknown
|requirements  = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|characters    = 
|factions      = 
|order         = 
|order_du      = 
}}
'''Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)''' is an [[Simulated Universe/Occurrence|Occurrence]] in undefined.

==Possible Outcomes==
{{Possible Outcomes
|choice_1 = Leave.
|result_1 = Shhh... Stay absolutely quiet.

|choice_2 = Help the "Nameless."
|result_2 = Enter battle with the Swarm. After achieving victory, obtain 4 Component(s) of 1-star rarity and 1 Curio(s).

|choice_3 = Help the "Nameless."
|result_3 = Enter battle with the Swarm. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) and 2 Curio(s).
|modes_3  = 

|choice_4 = Offer your spore sacks to the lord.
|result_4 = Lose Curio: Insect Web and gain 3 random Curio(s).
|modes_4  = 

}}
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Simulated Universe:''' You seem to be lost... and you find the scenery around you familiar. You can recognize the Lord of Eternal Slumber on the putrefied throne.
:'''Simulated Universe:''' But something is different this time. There are more *Sporangium* around the Lord of Eternal Slumber. In the translucent sacs, there seem to be some organic lifeforms... The insignia of Trailblaze can be found on their bodies.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Leave. &mdash; Shhh... Stay absolutely quiet.
:;(Outcome 1, 50% chance)
:;(Outcome 2, 50% chance)
::;(Set allies' HP to 20% of Max HP and Energy to 100% of Max Energy)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' When you are leaving, one of the sac-submerged Nameless lets out a wail! He seems to be hinting at the name of the antidote that can help them escape &mdash; Metabolase...
:{{DIcon|Star}} Help the "Nameless." &mdash; Enter battle with the Swarm. After achieving victory, obtain 1 Blessing(s) and 2 Curio(s).
:;(Outcome 1, 20% chance)
::;(Obtain 1 random Normal Curio)
:;(Outcome 2, 80% chance)
::;(Set allies' HP to 20% of Max HP and Energy to 100% of Max Energy)
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You approach the Sporangium and touch them! A strange jolt of electricity shoots straight up to your head, causing you to lose your footing as if you were shocked. Startled by the noise, some Swarm larvae wriggle around, producing a rustling sound.
:{{DIcon|Star}} Offer your spore sacks to the lord. &mdash; Lose Curio: Insect Web and gain 3 random Curio(s).
::'''Simulated Universe:''' You approach the Sporangium and touch them! A strange jolt of electricity shoots straight up to your head, causing you to lose your footing as if you were shocked. Startled by the noise, some Swarm larvae wriggle around, producing a rustling sound.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Swarm: Slumbering Overlord (Second Praetorian)
|zhs  = 虫潮•沉睡领主（二级卫戍）
|zht  = 蟲潮•沉睡領主（二級衛戍）
|ja   = {{Rubi|虫|むし}}の{{Rubi|潮|しお}}・{{Rubi|深眠|しんみん}}の{{Rubi|領主|りょうしゅ}}（{{Rubi|二級守備|にきゅうしゅび}}）
|ko   = 곤충 파도•깊이 잠든 영주(2급 경비)
|es   = Enjambre: Cacique dormido (segundo pretoriano)
|fr   = Le seigneur assoupi de l'Essaim (deuxième prétorien)
|ru   = Жужжание: Повелитель сна (гарнизон ур. 2)
|th   = คลื่นแมลง: ท่านผู้หลับใหล (กองกำลังระดับ 2)
|vi   = Côn Trùng - Lãnh Chúa Ngủ Say (Cảnh Vệ Cấp 2)
|de   = Der Schwarm: Schlafender Herrscher (Garnisonsstufe 2)
|id   = Swarm: Raja yang Tertidur (Garnisun Tingkat 2)
|pt   = Enxame: Soberano Adormecido (Segundo Pretoriano)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Occurrence Navbox}}